 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got will here just him and I back like usual. Will, what's going on, man? How are you? Hey, I'm doing well, Paul. I'm excited for it to just be back like old times. I feel like it has been the two of us in forever. I know. But you know, it's been an interesting week. You know, excited to get into this, but doing well. Otherwise, about yourself. I think people have really enjoyed the conversation.  So you have this range, right, and oscillator oscillates through that range. When it gets above, it's considered overbought. When it goes below, it's considered oversold. And so when you look at this RSI on the daily timeframe and you kind of zoom out, you can see that we've been in this kind of downward trend since kind of the beginning of January. And we're right now kind of retesting that trend line. We've tested it and it's served as resistance eight times.  big move. You can look at like Bollinger Bands or you can also just look at like the historical volatility index and then just kind of plot that out and you'll see once again that we're kind of at this trend resistance line, you know, downward sloping trend line where, you know, Bitcoin looks ready to break out and, you know, the volatility doesn't necessarily mean that the move is going to be up. It just means that we're going to have a big move, right? But looking at these, you know, some of these other things, I think you can get, you know, a better indication as to where that big move is perhaps  have something called an index. It's basically like a weighted average price based off of all the major exchanges. To keep the contract pegged to Bitcoin price, the funding rate adjusts in correlation to what the purpose trading at relative to that index. When the purpose trading at a premium to spot, the funding rate is positive versus when it's trading at a discount to spot, you have negative funding rates.  the bull market up until May. It's been good to see these negative funding rates, but especially over the last 24, 48 hours as we started rally a little bit. What that's basically showing is that the rally is more driven by spot than derivatives. If the futures were at a premium, I would be a little more short-term skeptical because all these traders are coming in and leverage  traders are super bullish and that kind of gives incentive for price to be pushed the other direction. We had the same thing. So like we had a long squeeze on the way down where everyone was long and then it didn't take as much selling pressure as it would have otherwise if you didn't have this high leverage to the position for more upside to push the price down and it's the same kind of thing here. So like when we get down below 30k people were loading on shorts and  one of the charts that like Willie helped me create, it's basically comparing a liquid supply to liquid and highly liquid supply. And so you're essentially capturing this movement of coins from weak hands to strong hands. And so I've really labeled the chart, Bitcoin's moving to strong hands, but yeah, it's the liquid supply ratio. And so what you've seen is throughout the early, throughout the kind of middle part of the bull run, I should say, like late  out by what was previously recognized as strong hands. Since late May, you've seen this slow grind up in this, but then over the last couple of weeks, a big pop, big move up. That to me is indicating we've had slow reaccumulation, but over the last couple of weeks, that's ramped up and we're starting to see more aggressive accumulation. Of course, that's been trending up while price has been slowly grinding down. We've been talking about on the show this divergence between this and  it was a similar kind of idea, but just on a smaller magnitude where like a bunch of coins became liquid. And then you saw this up like slow grind up in this indicator, which was showing like those coins were getting reaccumulated, but price was continuing to trend down. So like you had the similar divergence there, but just not on such a large magnitude. So the way I kind of see this is like the larger the divergence, the bigger effect it's gonna have on price. And so I suspect that once we kind of  at levels that we were at at about 50 to 60K BTC.  and you can download the mobile app there. Kraken has been a long time supporter of this show. So to say thanks, it would mean the world to me if you would go and download their new mobile app. All right, let's get back into this episode. I hope you're enjoying this one. Got it. And when you think about this OTC Outflow RSI, I think this is an indicator that you created. Is that kind of confirming exactly what you're seeing with the supply ratios and kind of this movement to strong hands? Yeah, very similar. So, you know, people talk about exchange flows,  these really strong moves up in the outflows. If there's a really strong trend in outflows, the indicator will break out of the RSI range, and then you'll get what I label as a buy indicator. Then if there's a lack of OTC outflows, if there's very low demand, then the strength of the indicator of the oscillator will trend below the range. Then that's considered a sell because there's very low demand. This has had pretty accurate signals over the last year.  And so to me, looking at that along with seeing whale wallets tick up, you've seen them accumulate pretty heavily over the last few weeks. Those two things are kind of coinciding with each other and saying the same thing. And then below that, I just put out a chart of comparing the outflows to the inflows. And then you'll see that right now that the outflows are outweighing the inflows to OTC desks. Yeah. And what's fascinating to me about the outflow to inflow is it's very clear that this is not just  Bitcoin that people can buy. Any ideas there?  it gives it a more bullish signal. And you're also seeing, if you look at the two, you know, this like higher high in the, in an outflow both respectively. So it's showing that there's more activity going on, right? And then if you look back in late May, you had four straight bearish spikes where inflows were outpacing the outflow. So that would, you know, obviously resemble more of a bearish signature. Got it. And then when you overlaid all of these various charts and  and glass note. But I compared what's essentially retail and then you're looking at the octopus and shrimp, dolphins and sharks, and then the whales. So these are retail, which is below 1 BTC, 100 K to 1 K BTC, 10 to 100 BTC, and then 1000 to 10 K BTC. And so what you see is almost every major cohort is in accumulation. The retail has been stacking harder than ever.  resembles like hedge funds or high net worth individuals just given the sizing and kind of coinciding spikes that you saw between this cohort's holdings and the cash and carry, you know, the spreads there, but you saw a huge increase kind of at the beginning of the year in this cohort. And then this actually kind of just like bled sideways, which has been interesting. Just given like how aggressively they had been adding to their holdings and now that just seems to have completely stopped. But then again, the whales are accumulating. So  that are shown as entities between over 10,000, because the reason I didn't include 10 to 100,000 is some of that is exchanges. So like if that's going up, that's not necessarily fully bullish because it could just be an exchange that's recognized as an entity with that amount of BTC between 10 and 100,000 as their balance going up, right? So Willie actually filtered some of those things out and he put together a little thread on Twitter. So I would highly suggest people go check that out.  in the over 100K entities, once you factor out exchanges and then you factor out grayscale, you're left with 150,000 BTC. And so by definition, there can only be one other entity other than exchanges and grayscale. So just this concept of like, and I suspect that's likely some kind of like custodial service that last entity. But anyway, I just think like you need to look at what are the other entities that fall under those  January and for a while in the newsletter I have been throwing in dormancy, which is like a variant of coin days destroyed. And so the way you can think of that is, you know, coins in a wallet for one day, coin moves out of the wallet, one coin day is destroyed, right? And so this is a good signal in a bull market to kind of gauge the selling of older market participants. When you have higher coin days destroyed, then that's showing that, you know, older coins are being sold.  that volume that wants my bad something that is adjusted for that volume which is the the ASOL not not the uh not the coin days destroyed because this is just literally the raw average of the age of the coins being sold um and so i think this is a better indicator as to like the the um behavior of selling from from different cohorts by age when you have really low volume like this i hope that makes sense no that was super wordy so anyway this has been trending down and something that you know we've been watching for a while but  the  you know, on every day, oh, you know, minor balance went up today, minor balance went down a little bit tomorrow, like that can get super noisy and just kind of like it's just too much to, you know, I'd rather just look at what's the broader trend, you know, the solidified trend, you know, over a 30-day basis. So I think like that minor net position change is the most valuable in terms of like looking at that trend. But yeah, for sure, miners have been accumulating, you know, especially over the last two weeks.  We were looking over into the abyss where we really didn't have any support until 26k or 22k. We got pushed right back up into there. Now, we're sitting back in the middle of this range. One interesting thing, the 317, that level has the highest level of Bitcoin's money supply that's moved at that since 10,300. You have this huge base of capital here building up.  rising.  you know, if I had to, you know, guess where that was going to go based off of on chain, you know, showing seeing that accumulation to me is pointing that that move is going to be upward. So, you know, that that volatility break is going to come out in the next couple weeks. And that's why I say that. So, yeah, I'll be I'll be watching closely, man. What, uh, what do you think is the most likely scenario through the end of the year? Yeah, it's an interesting question. You know, I think  spring to summer 2022 for some kind of like big final move up perhaps. But for now, I'm just watching to see in the short term if we can break the 200A because I think that's kind of like a key level that traders in general or investors in general watch to determine if an asset is kind of in a bull bear market. So watching that level and then if we can break all-time highs, I think we'll see a pretty aggressive move  the  prices driven up on some news or whatever it may be. But most of the moves, I've seen some statistics on it, but I don't know what else to stop my head. Most of the moves come in a very small portion of the time that Bitcoin trades. So. That has always been true. And I think it's going to be no different here. So pretty nuts. All right. Where can we send people to follow you on Twitter or follow the newsletter? Yeah, sure. I'm on Twitter at W Clemente. I