 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Gagan here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Thanks for having me, Pop. I'm so excited. Absolutely. Let's just jump right into online education. I feel like over the last couple of years, people are waking up to the fact that they want to learn. They want to be better educated on either specific topics or just general knowledge, but maybe the path of going to a traditional university  to me, people basically said, oh, online education, I don't invest in that. Or online education, huh? I even had a quote from Paul Graham that he called it a tar pit or a pit hole. I can't remember which one, but the point is like, uh, back in 2009, people didn't believe that learning on the internet was a thing. And here we are in 2021. And I'm amazed, amazed at how optimistic people are.  mainstream education are losing their appeal with rising costs and as online learning is increasing in its quality. And that's a big shift that's happened recently. So that's why we're so excited about cohort-based courses because they represent a major change and major improvement in the quality of the online learning experience. One of the things that's fascinating is this idea that so many people were previously aware of online education, but they kind of stayed away from  investing in in the past. Like let's say you started you came in with a pet food company, right? Or you came in with a company, I don't know, about like selling selling selling plant plant advice, right? People are much more open minded that there might be the next big thing on the internet might be in a sector or industry that they did not expect. Whereas back in 2009, there were a much narrower and clearer sets of areas in which people felt like they  in the past. It's non-platform businesses. There's such a wide, and then of course, crypto. What a crazy, wild idea that came out of nowhere of the last decade. You have a number of these new sectors and investors have changed their thought process. There's also just 10x more investors and more money going into startups because there's so much better returns. I think that's a large part of it. Online education in specifics got hot over the last decade because  This is a big trend. And now if I don't invest in it, I probably am missing out on whatever the next set of opportunities are going to be in this market. For sure. And one of the things obviously that you've kind of iterated on and improved over time is this model that is now called a cohort-based course. Maybe describe a little bit about the difference between cohort-based versus the other models and why you're so bullish on this being a highly effective way for education to be kind of shared on the internet.  And then of course the big online learning revolution was, hey, you could just watch videos on the internet and you could pay maybe 10, $50 and learn a subject. And that was a huge revolution for autodidactic learning. Historically though, autodidactic learning has always been a small percentage of the spend in learning. And actually the bigger spend in learning has almost always been in the other format, which is cohort based courses. So if you think about any professional education you've ever been in,  and you're all in the same group. At a school, you have the same class from September all the way until August, sorry, September until May. And so, cohort-based courses have always been a thing, but they haven't been a big thing on the internet until Zoom and Slack came around, right? And so now that Zoom and Slack are big, the internet's now ready to take the mantle of cohort-based courses and apply the same thing that we applied to video-based courses  on the internet to actually start a company around this. We think that we can build a product and raise capital and commercialize it to some degree. There are so many ways to come up with a startup idea. I'm going to tell you my philosophy and it works for me because I'm my own type of entrepreneur. I think it works for a majority of entrepreneurs, but there are other ways. I don't start companies with the idea that I want to start a company. That's just not how I get inspiration.  starting projects, this creative phase is highly focused not on, oh, I need to build a company because I think that wraps my ego too much in the goal. And instead it's a process of just learning and trying to figure out what's interesting. And so I spent 12 months and this time, this is my third time starting a startup, probably like seventh or 10th company, but third startup. And this time I actually did a  The way that I keep learning how to write a book and writing on the internet is taking online courses. I took Tucker Max's course about writing a book and then I took David Perrell's course on writing online. And that's when the insight came to me. It was like, oh my God, this is huge. What an opportunity. The types of courses I'm taking today that are fully digital are completely different from the video-based courses we were creating on Udemy. Like back in 2009, when I wanted to learn  deeper into core-based courses and just sort of went down the rabbit hole. And I explored all sorts of different options. I thought about just launching the course myself. And I did a few of those as test runs to learn more about the market. I also went and worked with businesses that were already building core-based courses and sort of consulted or advised for them. So I worked with, you know, a guy in the EU who was building a core-based course for entrepreneurs. I worked with a company in the States that was building core-based  The right model for this market is a platform-based approach because of the way the internet is, because of the way things are. This is like a choice of business model. I think there are usually three to five options for how you can go. I really believe in being ruthless about picking the right option because the option is going to decide everything for the future. We could have been a creator of core-based courses. I could have been a publisher. I could have decided to be a marketplace where we're going to sell  the company. I think you even had raised money at one point from investors and still didn't have an official name for the business. Maybe talk through the trade-offs of how did you evaluate? What should you focus on? What maybe isn't as important? How do you divide up your time and attention across the multitude of things that you could pursue in the early stages where resources are light and there's just a lot of work to do.  So that stage needs to be highly actually goal, goal agnostic, essentially, and just a creative phase. So there's a creative phase. That's the first phase in a startup. The second phase is you have a vision or an inkling of an idea and you have to test whether or not that idea has any sort of legs and has what I would call product market fit. But you're kind of product market fit has multiple stages. So the first stage is just, um, do I think that this has a chance of having product market fit?  we could sell the product. And so I spent all my time trying to work with people like you and you were kind enough to be our first instructor and I've also been our most successful instructor. But I learned a lot from working with you and with Lee Jin and Lenny Ruchitsky and and Sahil Lavingia, our first four instructors. And through that process, I started to say, oh, OK, this has an option. And this is and we started to refine, right? We learned that, for example,  And then we said, okay, we've got this thing. We think it's going to work. We're going to start introducing it to the world. And that's when we launched the name in the website. And now we're in this phase of, okay, we've proven that with a few people, we can definitely get courses off the ground and make them really successful. So, you know, we've done over a million dollars of course sales. They're really growing and it looks like that's going to be a big opportunity. But how do we then make this accessible to them? Why not?  potential thing that could kill the business and what's the highest benefit that could make the business successful and everything else is just noise. Yeah, it's fascinating because I think people who have an academic understanding or maybe have never built a company before or invested in them usually think of entrepreneurs as risk takers, right? People who seek out risk, they enjoy it, they thrive on it. But in reality, and what exactly you're highlighting here is they actually are risk mitigated.  of information transfer, right? So information that we've put together and kind of vetted and made sure it's high quality, it's effective, it really delivers on the promise that people are looking for when they come. But also there's an element of the community. And I've been shocked, I think from my perspective, how many people at the end tell us, you know, look, one of the most important parts of this, or one of the most enjoyable parts of it was actually the other people I went through the course with.  courses for the promise of the outcomes. They're always outcome focused. Like I want to get a job in crypto. I'm going to take POMS Crypto course. I want to learn more about this subject. I'm going to take this person's course. They almost always leave with a feeling of community. And so if you read the feedback before and after, it's so different because people don't realize how valuable it is to just meet like a hundred other people who are as into this thing that they're into. And also  in terms of people they met. And so, you know, Co-Horse-based courses provide that same level of magic. They have this magic of like, you're going into breakout rooms, you're meeting people on the same interests, they have similar backgrounds. And you know, as we get better and better at building these courses, we're gonna get better at matching people with their friends. And we're gonna get better at making sure that that experience is truly special of the community  in an interest bearing account. You can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use our cryptocurrency exchange and have no trading fees or you can get a new Bitcoin rewards credit card. It's a normal credit card that when you swipe, you get Bitcoin back rather than cashback or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too when you go to blockfi.com slash POMP. Again, blockfi.com slash POMP. Go check it out and let me know what you think. All right, let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it.  Talk a little bit about Marketplace platform or how you think about that and how you scale it. Yeah. To be fair, we're still at the point where business folks is a main way that we deliver value to instructors. So our main value right now is if you've never taught a cohort-based course before, it is way harder than it sounds. You have to figure out how to build a community. You have to figure out great content. And if you're charging like a thousand bucks, the quality of what you have to deliver is much higher than what you've ever done. So if you're good at podcasting or a conference  that we pursue or where we're headed is building software that makes Maven indispensable as a product that makes your course better. So we just talked about community, right? I think eventually Maven should be able to solve the community problem for you. Right now we solve it by teaching you or we actually taught Colton how to build a community and helped onboard him and help him think through it. But eventually actually we can match people for you. We can help students like teach each other  it changes your business model. So if you look at Udemy, Udemy doesn't enable the best instructors. Udemy enables the best students because Udemy is a marketing machine. And the thing that Udemy does super, super well is we bring, at Udemy, we bring students to courses, but the instructors at the top end who can bring their own students, they don't want to teach on Udemy because of that problem. And so Maven's goal is to take less of a percentage, be more of an enabler than a  the education. In my case, they're coming because they want to get a job in the industry. So you have to meet a certain quality bar, and you need to be able to go ahead and then kind of hand them off or help them, right? If that's what they're coming for. But I don't know if it'd be possible for a platform to bring those types of folks to me, right? It's almost like a very specialized audience, a very specialized customer base. And so, you know, I'm much better suited to do that than a platform is, but the platform is much better suited to  there's a real value in the multiplicative approach of having partners in different things. So like Maven as an example, it would be insane if we were gonna like run Maven without partnering with things like Zoom, we partner with Slack, right? We use a lot of other, and then of course we partner with investors, right? We have A16Z, we have you investing in our company. And so we really believe in this multiplicative approach to success.  since then even more, but you were just a natural. And I think that's what Maven does. Maven provides you this, like, it's just one of many tools that you should have in your tool set as a creator. And yeah, I'm pretty proud of the way that you've, that it's worked out with you. And I hope we can have more creators who think of it in the way that you do, because I think you've, you know, you've run your course, you've been the most successful creator on the platform, in part because of your willingness to partner with Colton. And then of course, with us as well, I think.  specific body of work and you're going to reap the benefits if it's successful. And you're also going to be to blame if it's not. It provides that focus, right? It provides that kind of accountability and responsibility. And so, you know, it's something that over the years I've just learned and kind of replicated over and over again. And I also have a point of, I think, when somebody is responsible for something, they want it to be high quality, right? You're much more likely to  So far has worked really well and maybe it's been a big part of that. Colton's been a big part of that. We'll just keep going. Amazing. Yeah. We're, we're so excited. And I think that the future of what you're doing is, is so such a big opportunity, right? I mean, imagine if there's hundreds or thousands of instructors like you out there. And I think eventually there'll be hundreds of thousands of people who are taking their time to teach the new generation, the next generation,  finding more people like you who want to build their brand and their knowledge and teach people what currently is not really knowledge that is available out there. You know, what you teach in your course is pretty unique. Can't find it anywhere else. Speaking of hundreds of thousands of instructors, before we get to the rapid fire question, just fast forward maybe 10, 15, 20 years from now, how do you see Maven kind of evolving and what does this look like in kind of the steady state?  and empower the largest faculty in the world. We want to build the largest faculty of the best instructors in the world. And we think that those people look a lot more like you and Lee Jin than they do look like someone who spent seven years getting a PhD and then is getting tenure at some mid-range university. And so over time, what does this mean? Well, it means that as we have more and more courses, eventually we  Chitsky on product management or learn from someone on recruiting and all these things combined can become a much better education than what you can get, you know, anywhere else in the world. And so our goal is to empower creators to become those professors of the future so that eventually there's, you know, literally on like thousands or hundreds of thousands of options for people to learn that are far more effective and more engaging and higher quality than what they have today in the current system.  You know, and so we're like getting better and better every couple of months at just making it easier so that if you are thinking about running a core based course, you can go through like our three to six week program and you'll be three to six months ahead of what you would be, or maybe even two years ahead of what you would be without it. The most fun thing, honestly, is team building. I like, you know, yesterday my executive assistant posted on Instagram  we have an instructor, Sahil Bloom, who bought his first house using proceeds from his Maven course. And so just like the impact we can have on people, the team being a broader group than just the impact on my employees, but also the impact on our instructors. And then of course, the impact on students. Like you had a student recently who got a job in crypto, you've had many of them now at this point, who got jobs in crypto as a result of taking your course.  by John Mearsheimer. Okay, why that book? And I don't even agree with everything he says. But the reason it's the most important book is because it opened my eyes to a form of thinking, first principles thinking, in a more of a show than a tell way. So this book is just so incredibly well written and clear, that it introduced me to the idea of writing  I now finally am sleeping on the eight sleep bed and they sleep five or six hours. I just turn it freezing cold and I see like eight or nine hours to the point where if I'm ever not home, if I'm traveling or something, I can't wait to get back. Cause I know I'm going to get a better night of sleep. Uh, and it's been completely life-changing for me. What's your sleep schedule, especially as you've kind of started the business and started to grow it now. I'm absolutely a nine hour asleep guy.  but also so that I can sleep if I end up sleeping really late. Yeah. Being able to get nine hours, like 90% of the time, that's fantastic. So you are, you are an A plus student for that question compared to most people. Next one's more fun. Aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? I'm a believer. Yeah. I think, I think it's hard. It's hard. It's hard to imagine. I haven't spent enough time doing actual math on it, but it's hard to imagine with the size of the universe that there aren't aliens out there.  and not one factor. I literally that's exactly what I think is that they exist but we'll never come in contact with them because they're probably too far away or different timing. So I definitely agree. You could ask me one question to finish up. What do you got for me? Tell me about the biggest downside to moving to Miami. What do you miss the most? It's always going to be people like you just wherever you live somewhere  friends and you know, wherever you were and in, let's say Miami, uh, it's okay. Uh, but that's probably the biggest downside. It's just you get used to hanging out with certain friends and enjoy it. And then if you move, uh, they're not there anymore. Right. And so you can FaceTime and do all that. It's just not the same. Yeah. I, I have the same feeling about any place that I've lived in. So I can totally relate to that. Well, Palm, thanks so much for having me on. I really enjoyed this. Absolutely. Where can we send people to find you?  and pretty easy. That is very simple. So I highly suggest people go follow you on Twitter too. You got some great tweets. So keep that up as well. And we will definitely do this again in the future as you guys keep going. Sounds good. Thanks, Pop. Really appreciate it.