 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Will and Willy here with me. There's a lot of Ws in both of your names. I'm super excited about this. I feel like Willy is the OG of On Chain Metrics and Will is fast becoming one of the crucial pieces of information in the market on On Chain Metrics as well. Willy, thanks so much for joining us today. Yeah, thanks for having me, Pomp. Absolutely. Let's just start  past all the tech, we had this blockchain and I started looking into what was data in there, trying to draw conclusions from it and that ended up becoming a field in its own right. I started in on-chain analysis in 2016, kind of put out some of the first on-chain indicators like NVT, sort of 2016, early 2017, that's how new this whole field is and now something like  in a dip in a bull season, you kind of know that those are the weekends being shaken out. If you see a whole lot of old hand selling, all of a sudden then that's a little bit more serious because I'm all experienced. So that kind of gives you an idea of what we're looking at in on-chain. It's looking at these fundamental movements in capital from real people, less the technical analysis, which most traders use, which is essentially just tracking the price and volume movements on exchanges and trying to draw  When I wake up and I check the markets, I usually check flows going in and out of the exchanges to give me the idea of the buying power or the selling power in real investors rather than just the traders. I also look at one of these metrics that Glass node do is what they call liquid supply. That's really a qualitative view of the market where the coins are moving between strong holders or weak holders. I use that a lot.  work, the speed of the blocks processing, the miners wallets that sort of comes into play. So it's just kind of, you know, it's an ECG, I think it's like a readout of this entire animal called Bitcoin. And you can look at it in 200 different dimensions and on-chain analysis gives you that.  you is really just the speculative inventory that's sitting on exchanges. You can draw a pretty easy conclusion that the supply sitting on exchanges are the coins that are able to be bought. Admittedly, some of them are long-term holders, particularly on Coinbase, where noobs particularly retail store long-term their coins. But mostly, the coins on exchanges are speculative coins.  price pressure on. This latest pullback, we pulled back from the 50,000-60,000 range into the 30s. You could also see a massive flow back into the exchanges, so a lot of supply being put back onto the market. That's reverse supply shock, but what we're seeing very recently over this kind of sideways band is actually those coins moving off again. We're back in this supply shock  and out of their wallets. They are in the game to trade more than most. And then the other side is the investor that stacks their coins and not a lot leaves from those wallets. And I call those guys the Rick Astley. Rick Astley's of this world, they're not going to really let go of their coins. So when you draw a ratio between the two, which you did actually, you can create the similar thing, but it's based on the quality  So I look at that, you know, in both cases, whether it's the inventory on spot exchanges or the qualitative view of coins held by the strong hands, they are really moving towards long-term holders, moving off exchanges. And if you look at the qualitative view, we're really making near highs again. We're back in the zones where Bitcoin was trading $55,000, $60,000.  that is not reflected in the price action. We last saw this in the months before October, where price had been ranging sideways. It pumped up to 11,000, 12,000, people got really bullish and then it dumped down to 10,000. The trajectory was downwards and sideways. All through that time, supply shocks  Bitcoin was very, very correlated to stocks. Gold was starting to take off and people were saying, Bitcoin's a failed safe haven. It's highly correlated to stocks. It didn't hold over this bearish crash we had. But the actual on-chain picture was completely different. At that point, long-term investors were stacking. They were stacking hard. Supply shots started climbing.  term price. At that point, the price was swinging wildly above what I would have considered. There's a particular floor that investors will support and was trading above that, but that floor started climbing higher and higher. Around that October, price met that floor estimate what long-term investors were supporting and it bounced. That was when the  the key point there is kind of the fact that there's this huge divergence. And like I've been looking at some of these charts lately and I've been like, am I crazy? Like, because, you know, this has been going on for so long now and price keeps diverging from the fundamentals. But it is kind of wild, like you said, looking at that other times, I mean, at least in the last year or two, there hasn't been a divergence this large since, you know, like you mentioned, September. So just waiting for that information to kind of get priced in.  since that big capitulation event. It was almost like supply was getting concentrated into older whales, but then this week, when we had that big uptick, I think it was like 65,000 coins accumulated by whale entities in one day. At the same time, you had an uptick in new whales. I think that was interesting to Steve, maybe finally getting some new large buyers where it had seemed like it was for the most part, older whales buy.  a new thing we have in 2021 where you've got a lot of hedge funds now in the game and high net worth individuals. And we know these guys came in around the start of this year. And I mean, it's interesting because usually in a bull run, it's usually the new guys that come in, they get shaken out, but they're usually the, you know, what would you say, like the new hands and new  They took a lot of their profits off the table. And so you ended up having whales, these huge whales dumping in a bull run onto effectively much smaller guys, medium sized people in retail who are, you know, they're stacking hard, they're buying up these coins. So the dynamics kind of flipped. It's a very weird cycle, this one. And it's interesting to see that blip now. Yeah, it's more so the coins under control.  bullish on Bitcoin being a big thing for their economy, at least they're making noises of it. I do wonder if we've got some unannounced news that we can see on-chain, but we don't know what exactly that is right now.  versus an institution, a nation state, a corporation, et cetera? Well, like definitely the quality completely changes. You kind of tend to have much less signal coming from these kinds of guys because they are very measured moose. Like if you look at Michael Saylor's market strategy, they're buying kind of in bulk in separate rounds. He's actually announcing it.  on-chain and you kind of get this, you know, it's a lot more predictive when you've got, you know, a million people individually acting rather than like five. All right. And so I think that's, that's a lot of signal being removed. And I don't think on-chain necessarily is useful for that. I think it's much more useful actually picking up the phone and talking to these guys and  And it has a huge impact. Even things like the grayscale Bitcoin trust, that holds 3.5% of the coins. And you can see the impact of even the small, well, it's to say the way it's structured with the lockups and the design of that instrument.  I think a lot of the capital that people need to keep this in mind, a lot of the capital that flew in or was flown into the market towards late last year, November, December was through grayscale for people trying to do the arbitrage trade and then also the cash and carry trade, the difference between the spot and future, long spot short in the future and just capturing that basis.  Bitcoin for the asset itself. And we're just kind of seeing this market neutral trade that they could just take, but they had to own the underlying. Yeah, I'm not sure how much of their impact was from the market neutral participants, to be honest, because like we saw the whales started to sell down quite early. I think it was around March they started to sell  shorting it anymore. It's actually costing you money. We did see a little whale holdings drop at that point, and I think that was responsible for that cash-in carry. I do think that this was a speculative whale. We know that Raffa bought around $10,000 and they sold a bit in the 30s, something like that. Then they sold the remainder in the 50s.  to 60,000. There are a couple of non-funds that I know of, as well, public-size. We do know that there were funds behaving in this way, and if that's the tip of the iceberg, there's certainly a lot more whales than funds being announced that they've bought Bitcoins. There's probably a lot of this action happening. Fund managers are highly connected. They might be copy-trading more or less.  metrics being kind of more reactive or more of like a lagging indicator for things. So sentiment changes than the on-chain metrics change versus the on-chain metrics are really driving maybe sentiment or other types of activities in the market. Because it feels like there's a relationship where, you know, if you kind of zoom out and look historically, you can definitely tell, okay, at some point in the market, we saw a bunch of the metrics change and around the same time sentiment might have changed. But what do you think about the relationship between  indicators. Some of the highest value you can get as an investor is the longer term stuff because you want to know when is a good time to enter and when it's probably highly risked and worth taking some money off the table. And so the macro long term indicators of on-chain is very useful and whether or not you call that predictive, you might just say, look, things are getting dicey here because the on-chain models are saying that this is where the funding  that's happening over the week to week. And that stuff, it's still pretty reliable, but it's not going to be perfect because it's based on interpretation, it's based on, well, these are markets, anything can happen. Like at one point I remember saying this thing is tentatively recovering, I think I'm bullish. But the key thing was this tentatively recovering,  chain investors that were seeing got sideswiped by some random event in the market. It doesn't mean it was wrong in saying that investors are buying and they're bullish. It just means that we didn't pick this unpredictable event. Having said that, when I say short-term, maybe in the 3 weeks out, I do a letter and there's about 22 forecasts out now. The backtrace is high 70s or  the forefront of the Bitcoin and blockchain revolution for over 10 years. Their mission is to bring crypto to the masses. So whether you're an OG or this is your first trade, Kraken has all of the tools that you need to achieve financial freedom. With more than 60 cryptocurrencies available, you can invest in all of the most popular projects in the industry, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and many, many more. Kraken also provides in-depth articles and guides on every single asset that they list. So you can get up to speed  it will happen, but I'm looking for it. Or is it more so you just wait till the blockchain metrics develop and then analyze what kind of happens in real time? Yeah, right now the big story is like, when does this accumulation band pop? Like, you know, that sounds almost sunny. If you talk to people on crypto Twitter, because everyone's so bearish saying we're in a bear market. And I'm like, this is a bull market. There's no mistaking this. Like we've got x-ray vision on what  We usually get a few pullbacks within a bull run. This is a really weird one, a whale powered pullback. But after that, I'm really interested in seeing how the tail end of this bull market develops because this bull market is structured unlike any I've seen before. The whole market is completely different.  4-year cycle. It's unlike anything. It's not smooth, it's lopsided, volatility all over the place. I'm just really interested in seeing how that structures later on. I'm not predicting waiting for some event at the end of the year. I'm more like using on-chain as a map to try and get a grasp of what exactly is happening in the market. I have no idea what's going to happen in the fourth quarter.  I think we just sort of talked about it. I think the positive news right now, what's that? I was going to say, we're the, we're the glass node hopium guys. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Glass node hopium guys. I think the positive news is that there is so much bearish trolling on Twitter, you know? Like if we can get more and more people bearish, then that'll be certainly the bottom. I want to ask you, what's the top model look like? I know this is, you know, kind of a reactive model that, you know, you can kind of  cap is what it's based on. It's hit every top in the history of Bitcoin, 12-year history. I'm not saying it'll do it this time because it's such a weird cycle, but that top model, and there's another model which frames the bottom, they give me an idea of where the top may be. First quarter of this year, we were ranging up to the $300,000 to $400,000 range. Right now, the top model was $150,000.  When do you be looking for, I guess a few things. So like, obviously we're talking about this reaccumulation. When that kind of supply shock takes place, do you suspect that, you know, shorts, because when you look at like funding, funding's been negative for well over a month now. I mean, there's been a couple of days since slight positive, but in general, do you think there's a possibility of us kind of getting this short squeeze on the way back up? And then second of all, you know, we've been kind of talking about  the confirmation that, okay, yeah, maybe we are waiting for lower prices, but this thing's now broken out to the upside. So now, you know, we feel confident to go ahead and take a position. Do you think you get that effect or like, have you gotten that effect in the past once Bitcoin breaks out of some major resistance? Yeah, I, you know, we're remembering the 3000, 4000 band, it broke out and it really was a squeeze. I can't remember the derivative set up at that point, but looking at the squeeze, it looked like  shorting, so it'll move to the upside. I kind of expect it, but right now I'm not seeing enough open interest to see anything really very violent. I do think you're right, because this thing starts to pick up momentum and it shakes off all this crazy bearishness of not only do we have all this crappy energy fossil fuel narrative thrown at Bitcoin, but then we had on top of that,  Then you look at the picture we're seeing where we've got sovereign wealth funds that haven't really been much of a story. I'm quite interested in these non-speculative hardlers at very large scales like sovereign wealth. Like El Salvador, they're loading up $150M for their trust. I think Singapore loaded up on some Bitcoin, but there's a number of sovereign wealth funds  see a really different cycle. I wonder if this cycle, I'm calling it different. Dan Howell's calling this a super cycle. I'm thinking this might be the last cycle, meaning at this point, Bitcoin doesn't see this very strongly imprinted four-year cycle. We do more of a random walk and it's highly correlated to macro. We just random walk all the way up to a million dollars.  people looking at this is reset the long-term debt cycle. Reinventing money. Money gets reinvented every roughly 100 years and I'm going, well, if you look at when money was invented, there was the agrarian age. We shifted from not trading to actually using money in agriculture and all this technological advancements and that led to civilization. I think this is the same thing. We're going from this kind of industrial age to a digital  than these 100 trillion. So, there might be a quadrillion by the time more money gets printed.  where the havings aren't necessarily driving people in through that supply shock, but the demand kind of just takes over the adoption, the network effects of Bitcoin. Once it has that inertia going, that momentum going, then that's kind of just doesn't really matter as much as the pure demand from that aspect. And then like you're saying, as Bitcoin becomes larger, as it becomes a multi-trillion dollar asset, it's gonna be much more adapt to following kind of macro trends  that you can picture 1,000 to 2,000 Bitcoin potentially being harvested as fees by the exchanges. That's potential sell pressure if they're selling to pay shareholders and salaries. The sell pressure from exchanges like mining, it's like a tax on trade and then selling, constant sell pressure, that's already the same size as the current mining.  $1.36 Bitcoin per day. Probably all the ETFs combined currently is just over 40 Bitcoin per day compared to miners that are doing $900. By the next halvening, ETFs will be 10% of mining power or sale pressure. I want to do this thing where you add all the sale pressure, the exchanges, the ETFs, and all these products that ride on top of Bitcoin that extract fees and Bitcoin value.  a pretty strong tendency to hold their coins. And even recently, people have been talking about miners have played this huge role in the selling pressure downward, but at least in Glass-Jones data, you're only seeing a little over 5,000 coins that were sold down kind of amidst that month in there, which in that now over the last two weeks, it looks like they've actually started slightly accumulating again. So yeah, I think kind of like the whole narrative about miners selling has kind of been overstating.  of coins by the miners and they're not selling. It's very much what you see with the bottom. The strong miners are left, the strong miners being the ones that didn't get shut down by China. They know it's a bottom because the sale pressure is gone now. Interestingly, the mining norm is really weird to be looking at the mining equation in the middle of a bull mine.  normally we don't look at that much during a bull run. Very little signal because the spell pressures play low in a bull run, but right now it's important. If you don't mind, just touch on the Puel multiple, which kind of dipped into a buy zone briefly, and then as well the difficulty ribbons, right? Something I don't think a lot of people are familiar with. Yeah, I am not very familiar with the Puel multiple. I remember he created it and we went over the equation, but it was like two years ago and I haven't  The Bitcoin network generates hashrate from the miners and then that also translates into difficulty. The network makes it more difficult for miners to mine. The two things are hand-in-hand and the two things are matched to keep the block time every 10 minutes. Therefore, the issuance should be roughly the same. The pool multiples measuring the localized  happening where issuance is so slow, you'll see this drop in it. It really is very similar to what I'm measuring with difficulty ribbon, which is also measuring this drop in difficulty, which is a bit lagged. It lags hashrate. The hashrate's dropped and the industry will correct downwards. As it's correcting downwards, eventually the sling bottoms and new miners start adding hashrate into the market.  So those bitcoins get dumped onto the market, that sell pressure drops the price a bit, and then the liquidates the next week as miners. Eventually, you capitulate all the miners down until the last, biggest, baddest miners that are very efficient are left. So it's a weak miner cull. And then the strong miners know it's a bottom because the weak guys got shaken out and the sell pressure subsided. That whole sell cascade of weak miners  those block times and how difficulty and hashrate work together. Willy, I feel like Will and I could talk to you forever. Unfortunately, we can't do that on a podcast or on YouTube. Before we let you go, explain to everyone the email that you put together and the analysis and research that you do with the Onshane Metrics and where they can go find more if they're interested. Yeah, sure. I launched this October last year. It was a good time because it was the start of this bull run. The idea