 Thank you for joining me.  I've been teaching people about Bitcoin in Argentina since 2013. Well, I'm actually a Bitcoiner. When Cether appears, immediately it brought my attention, the problems with a centralized stablecoin. There are basically two big problems.  behind Manion Chain was having a stable coin for Bitcoiners that inherits the same properties of Bitcoin. That no one can, you can transact with everybody and no one can stop your transaction. That was the first idea behind Manion Chain and having the Bitcoin as collateral, I consider Bitcoin  And it sounds like you were against the idea of, hey, sell my Bitcoin for dollars to then have a dollar back stable coin. And so really that first foray was how do I build a stable coin using Bitcoin as the collateral, but still enjoy all the things around censorship resistance and kind of non-custodial nature of some sort of financial product, but get stable value that I could then transact back and forth. Exactly. We think that there are a lot of use cases  that's really, really interesting about your approach is you essentially see the value of the ideas that many people are talking about outside of Bitcoin, whether it's stablecoins or derivatives or earning yield or whatever other idea, your whole point, and I think why you guys are focused on the mechanism that you're focused on is those are great ideas, but they should be built on top of Bitcoin using all of the benefits that a secure decentralized censorship or  Does it actually not matter what we call it? Walk us through some of the technical architecture here so that people understand exactly what's happening when, let's say, they use this kind of Bitcoin collateralized stablecoin.  exchange possible.  We have four tokens. We are going to focus on the first two. The tolerant chain is Stablecoin and the Bitcoin is a liquidity token for Bitcoin holders. The tolerant chain, as I told you, is Stablecoin. It's backed by Bitcoin. The pay is warranted by the smart contract. That is very important. You don't depend on secondary markets. The pay is warranted by the  And so what people do is they take their Bitcoin and they are selling the Bitcoin for this Bitcoin, this BitPro, or they're posting it somewhere like, walk me through what I do. If I have Bitcoin and I want to earn yield on that Bitcoin, what exactly is happening there? Well, if first you have to transform your BTC in RBTC, you have to have your Bitcoins on the RSK network, of course, and then interacting with the platform, you mint BitPro. You send RBTC to the system,  it earns some of the MOC token that the government's project token. So the yield in the Bitcoin is not a warranty. For example, if you buy, if you mint Bitcoin today and the price of Bitcoin goes down by 50% tomorrow, you are going to have a haircut. Probably you are, if you mint one Bitcoin of Bitcoin and the price goes down by 50%,  table by the DOC token holders. So if you are a long-term Bitcoin holder, it's a very good idea to have a little bit of BPro. And then you have this thing called BitcoinX or BTCX, which is basically a way to get leveraged exposure using Bitcoin as collateral? Exactly. The BTCX is a 2X position in the price of Bitcoin. The BTCX pay for that leverage. The money that the BTCX pays goes directly  to go and say upgrades of the protocol.  So the protocol is much robust than other protocols.  The other problem is capture control. You cannot buy US dollars in Argentina. The law there is ridiculous. For example, you can manage to buy US dollars, but you have to pay like 160 pesos to buy dollars. And then when you sell your dollars, the bank is going to give you only a hundred dollars. It's unbelievable.  What is the actual adoption in Argentina? What are people doing with the product? And where are you seeing the most excitement or the most volume and the largest coalescing of users with these various products? Well, first of all, I have to tell you that the protocol is small today. We have only 500 bitcoins in the protocol.  We have no coiners using the dollar and chain to get away from inflation in Argentina and Venezuela. And we have Bitcoiners using the Bitpro to earn most satoshis.  And then how do you think about these products interacting with other Bitcoin DeFi products or kind of ecosystems? So take something like a sovereign or other types of those. Is this something that is they're compatible and collaborative with each other? Are they competing for users? Is it some users will come to one product or kind of platform or ecosystem for one use case and then other ones fulfill others? Just how do you see kind of the landscape of folks building these decentralized financial applications on top of that?  sovereign principle, it makes much more sense for you to go long or to go short in the big pro instead of the Bitcoin. Because if you are going, you have that little bit of leverage free using the big pro. Yeah, it's fascinating to me that, you know, money on chain, sovereign, I'm sure there will be others, are kind of taking a lot of the ideas that folks have run off and built on other chains.  We are in the MVP version of every part of the protocol. So there is a lot of new functionality that are coming to Manure and Chain. For example, one of those functionalities is that you are going to be able to earn interest in your toy on chain inside the protocol. Another feature that is coming is that you are going to be able to lock  work and then how does the MOC token fit into the governance model? Okay. The first thing that I have to clarify and make sure everybody understand is that the protocol is not fully decentralized today. We are in the process of going 100% centralized to going 100% decentralized. So the MOC token is the token that allows changes in the protocol. Today,  or do you feel like there's a lot of kind of importance and value on the governance model today, even though it might not be 100% decentralized yet? Well, today you have the full benefits in the MOC token in the sense that if you take your MOC in the approachable, you are going to get every penny that the approachable generates. But as I told you,  or the natural path that every decentralized system is going to have to go through? Like you can't just launch and be decentralized on day one? Or do you think there is a path that some people, for whatever reason, who want to do that could actually do it from a technical perspective or from an implementation perspective? Well, I think the fully decentralized to fully decentralized is the way that makes more sense. If you think about Bitcoin, Bitcoin started 100% decentralized.  but actually very difficult to do as well, right? To some degree, just how would you coordinate that? If there's coordination like that, there's likely some level of centralization anyways. So it makes sense. What to use been the biggest lesson in building Money on Chain and kind of this suite of products that you now have today? Has there been a major surprise or something you've learned along the way that you think is valuable for people to know? The biggest lesson, I don't know. We thought that it was,  In the beginning, we had no credibility because we were from Latin America trying to make this thing that everybody was thinking it was impossible. So it was very hard at the beginning. Yeah, makes sense. What's the one thing that people misunderstand about Argentina or the economy or the population there? I think that people in the United States and Europe  and we have like 40, 50, sometimes more percent inflation that you cannot even imagine how it's like to live with that. I think that people tend to think that stablecoins are very interesting to trade or to, I don't know, to play with lending protocols, but for people in natural America, stablecoins are really  more about Money on Chain? You can go to our page, manionchain.com. Then you have a community link and you can join us in Telegram or Discord, or you can follow us on Twitter. Awesome. All right, first question. What's the most important book that you've ever read? Very good question. The most important book I ever read, it calls Lost War Here. I never remember the author.  mind or force you to expand your thinking. Oh, the book tells the history of the church and the corruption there. Oh, the corruption of the church. Got it. Yeah, that is all around the world, a very unique situation that I think many people were taken by surprise, regardless of your religion or which kind of controversy has popped up. The second question is about your sleep schedule.  I tend to sleep between seven and nine hours. Um, I think that that is very important for my mind to work correctly. Um, I used to sleep less a few years ago, but I don't know. Now I'm sleeping every day from seven to nine hours. That's good. As you get older, you start to realize, Hey, that's sleeping. It's important. It makes sense.  Definitely. I believe there is aliens out there, but I don't know if they have been with us or not. I need evidence. I tend to agree with your analysis that they are likely to exist, but very unlikely to have come to Earth already. Who knows what will happen in the future? But I don't know if we have that evidence yet. What one question do you have for me to finish this up here? Do you like our protocol? I think it's very intelligent.  Bitcoin community or somebody in one of the other communities that has built some of this technology and being able to incorporate it in a very kind of unique and very adherent to the Bitcoin ethos way. So being non-custodial, being able to have that smart contract capability, but still doing it all with the security and kind of the decentralization of that base chain, I think is just a unique value proposition. And so most people who listen to the podcast will know that I'm a big fan of all sorts of decentralized  unique part of the market that my hope is more and more people start to pay attention to learn about, start using the products and kind of eventually become advocates for over time. Okay, great. All right. So MoneyOnChain.com is where we can send people to learn more. MoneyOnChain.com is where we can send people to learn more. Yes, absolutely. MoneyOnChain.com and you can follow us in Twitter at MoneyOnChain.com.