 All right guys bang bang very excited about this I've got the founders of popchu here. How are you guys doing? Great, right? Awesome. Let's just jump right into this you guys are the masterminds behind Bitcoin pizza with me Let's just talk about one. What was Bitcoin pizza? And how did it go right out of the gate? Yeah Bitcoin pizza was our first launch for popchu  It was incredible. On launch day, we were turning on Twitter, like 15 million impressions, something like that, like 100,000 people on our website the first day, almost 100K in sales over the course of the seven day event, Stowe Restaurant Partners. We raised $15,000 for the Human Rights Foundation, which is incredible. Yeah. And I think part of what people don't realize is there's all this kind of traffic and eventually Stephen Colbert and folks covered it, but it was only available in 10 cities.  44 independent mom-pocky 3s across the country in 10 key cities from New York to LA to San Francisco to Miami a handful of other cities Put them all together. We're the brand And at the end of the day like they were excited about it for a number of reasons, right? Like for one they get extra demand through their through the businesses, right? We're bringing some more orders than they would normally get and then to they're getting more exposure as a restaurant They had their logos listed on our landing page could be  the exact same price that you would normally sell it. So we don't eat into the margin of local pizzeria either. And so it's kind of this like win-win where we get to use their infrastructure and their years of hard work of building out kind of the operational excellence that they have as a local pizzeria and obviously great food. And in return, we're gonna bring you a bunch of orders as well. And so I think that was kind of a key piece here was the capital that was being donated was really kind of profit on top of what  by literally 10% and we did 100K in top line sales for all these restaurants. And so, you know, when we start adding more and more locations over time, right? Like our goal is to eventually be able to cover as close to 100% as possible. The business becomes extremely compelling. And, you know, again, the other sort of like really powerful thing about it is we're working with restaurants that like already know how to do this, right? Like we're going to Pizzeria's and saying like, here's a pizza. We're going to burger restaurants and being like, here's a burger menu, right? It's like, it's food that they already know  for direct. There's no door dash, no reads. Typically those platforms are taking 30% of the margin away from the restaurant. We charge a low flat fee per order. And typically the restaurant making four or five, six, eight dollars more per order selling a Bitcoin pizza than they were their own equivalent pizza on door dash. Yeah, it's pretty incredible when you start to realize that economically they were actually incentivized to make the Bitcoin pizzas over other types of orders because they literally just put more money in their pocket at the end of each order. Right.  Right now we're building that restaurant network, we're expanding into a bunch of new cities all across the US. We're looking at things like how do we go international? How do we go to Canada? Obviously, POMS Audience is global, but our plan is to bring the brand back shortly and launch it for more markets for a much more long-term world. Yeah. One of the things that I didn't understand until afterwards that you guys helped me get educated on, so maybe you can educate the audience here, is just compared to a  And I think the direct comparison, right? Like if you take a brand like Sweetgreen, it took them literally like 12 years to get to a hundred locations. And you have to think about like, there's a lot of these companies out there, whether it's traditional restaurants or even some of these like ghost kitchen companies, they're all building physical infrastructure. And that takes a lot of time, takes a lot of permitting, you know, to be able to sell alcohol, to sell food. And I think like really what we're doing is it's sort of turning around, right? And if you look at a traditional restaurant, like 30% of  enables them to bring the demand side to the restaurants that are great at doing the food. If you look at a lot of these restaurants today, they're just now getting into email marketing or an app that displays a menu. But coming from obviously tech, we know that there's a lot more part of the experiences that we can build that are far beyond what these restaurants are just now starting to do. And so we're approaching this from the opposite side of traditional restaurants.  Let's take these people that have the audience already and like just plug them right in into the restaurant. So I'm not even really that big from an audience perspective compared to some of the people you could go do this with. Right. I got a million people on Twitter, but a lot of the other audiences aren't really that big. I mean, 200,000 on YouTube, et cetera. I'm guessing that the plan from a pop chew perspective is just go get the biggest folks possible that have, you know, much, much larger audiences. You can imagine if somebody with 50, a hundred million followers on a platform  Like if you go on TikTok or YouTube or Instagram, like food isn't literally everywhere, right? Like we're talking to a wide variety of creators right now that are in our pipeline about launching their food brands coming up here. Yeah. And Nick, talk a little bit about the advantages that you have from a pop shoot perspective of like no CapEx and no food costs. And just like why this almost like asset light model makes so much more sense today if you want to start a restaurant versus going and actually doing the brick and mortar type strategy. Yeah.  an opportunity for these folks to drive our brands, to grow our brands very, very quickly, which allows us to get to 100 locations. I think we'll be at 100 locations by the end of this year, less than 12 months after starting, right? Again, compared to the sweet grant, took them 12 years to do that. This is just a super capital efficient way to grow a food brand and capitalize on the opportunities. Yeah. And it feels like really you can replicate a lot of the same effort, right? In terms of building a brand, marketing, doing a lot of these various  like, hey, let's work with Popchee, let's do Bitcoin Pizza. We were actually surprised at how easily it was to get them on board. Just because the pitch to the restaurant is so, so compelling, right? It's purely incremental demand that we're driving, right? You were already paying for the space, you already were paying for the staff. Oftentimes you even had some ingredients laying around. And now we're just providing more demand for you to put all that to use. And you're able to do it at a lower cost than you normally would. And so the pitch to the restaurants was just super compelling.  those things that's just like so, so personal in a way that like merch for example, just isn't.  Go to your favorite app store and simply search the word Kraken and you can download the mobile app there. Kraken's been a long time supporter of this show. So to say thanks, it would mean the world to me if you would go and download their new mobile app. All right, let's get back into this episode. I hope you're enjoying this one. And so talk through a little bit, maybe tell a story of like how you guys convinced me to do this. Cause I think that's a pretty good example. And you know, eventually not only did I enjoy working with you guys and it worked, but I ended up actually investing in Popchu the business itself. So I'm a pretty big believer in the  to like time intensive for the creators to actually do. And so Nick and I threw together like literally that night, bang, bang pizza, right? So like, obviously like we follow you, we watch your videos, we know that bang bang is tagline. And so we threw together bang bang pizza, sent it over to you. And you know, that was sort of off the races. I think you have something around like a rewarding hustle, right? And I think like that was a perfect example of, you know, showing you like, here's how easy it can be to launch it and how will you be our first creator?  kind of showed me, hey, here's what the boxes would look like. Here's the menu. Like you start to understand like, oh, wait a second. The infrastructure provider is really important. You guys did a great job with it. But really the kind of responsibility I have in this scenario is to simply promote it, right? And to kind of be the marketing arm, if you were the distribution arm for a brand that I obviously believe in and helped craft. And then you guys kind of take all that complex operation  and always owning equity if it's successful is going to be much, much more lucrative and much more rewarding, I think, than trying to go get somebody to sponsor you or sponsor your videos or whatever from there. 100%. If you look at Travis Scott, for example, he did a deal with McDonald's. It was a phenomenal deal. Travis Scott, this mega star guy, literally drove so much demand that McDonald's of all companies was literally running out of burger meat and lettuce at key locations.  kind of where you go next and how you continue to grow the business. Yeah. So there's a couple of key things. Um, so, so one key thesis that we have is that it's not just about what food is a lot more about the experience that you have, right? Um, there's restaurants that like I personally go to just cause like the music is good. Um, and no one is like touching this in the food delivery world. If you look at door dash or Uber Eats or any of these players, you scroll through a list of restaurants, you scroll through a menu, you place your order and it shows up in a browser.  And so that's what we're going to be focused on the product side. And then on the sort of like launch operation side, we have a slew of creators that we're talking to right now. They're in our pipeline that we're working on food brands with, and we'll be launching those across a network of restaurants that were, as Nick mentioned, growing to a hundred by the end of the year. Yeah. It, it feels like somebody is going to win this category and going to build the infrastructure and kind of the marketplace. Just a matter of, of execution, right? It's very clear that we're going to be able to do that.  at Speak Green at Chipotle. And totally understands sourcing and restaurant acquisition and how to train staff. And so we're all geared up to get going. Nick, before we go to wrap up, what's the one thing that you learned during the virtual kind of brand or ghost kitchen experience? What's the biggest takeaway that you had or the most surprising thing? I think we got to talk about it, right? I think this idea that a single brick and mortar location can be a  with restaurant tours, chefs, owners, things like that. That's what really excites me about this opportunity is that I think we can really create value for restaurant owners. Yeah, I completely agree. I ask everyone the same three questions, so I'm not letting you two get out of here without asking the same questions. What is the most important book that each one of you have read? Oh, interesting. Nick, I'll let you go first. Why We Sleep by...  but I literally begged them to let me invest in the business afterwards. So I am a big, big believer of sleep for sure. Rashir, what's your book? My book, this is probably a bad answer, but I actually really enjoyed the Steve Jobs book by Walter Isaacson. And I think like- Wait, why would that be a bad answer? I don't know. It's not one of the popular answers, I guess, but that's okay. I think for me, it was really about like, you know, finding someone  I agree. I absolutely agree. Sorry, the NASA chief. Yeah, the NASA chief, he recently came out. He said he thinks that there's going to be intelligent life as well. So I think we're, we're getting more allies on this side of the debate. What one question do you guys have for me to finish up? Interesting. Okay. What is the most exciting part of your day over day? Waking up easily.  Yeah, I those those like good morning texts or the good morning tweets that you do. Those are great did I get a I'm a big believer that like you you create the energy of the day by But it's bringing the energy. So I don't know. It's just that's my way of living my life worked out so far and I'll keep doing it All right, where can we send people let's send them two places one. Maybe let's send them to follow you guys on Twitter  Nicky Sopp, N-I-C-K-Y S-O-P. And we're hiring, so folks that are interested, shoot us an email. That's a great plug. They're hiring. If you want to go help build Bitcoin Pizza, go apply. All right, fellows, thank you guys so much for doing this. I'm excited to keep going. And then it's not only going to be a Bitcoin Pizza show, obviously we got plenty more people to onboard and keep building the business. So thanks for so much for coming on, and we'll do it again in the future. Sounds good. Thanks for having us.