 Alright guys, let's get in today's episode. It's a Q&A which just means that my wife is going to read me questions that you asked me on Twitter. What's the first one you got, Polina? DC asks, what's happening on July 12th? Well, on July 12th, you'll find out. Duh. No, listen, we're going to launch something new on July 12th. I'm really excited about it. My team and I have been working very hard on it for the last few months. I think it's something that will be a pretty big inflection point.  Wait, really? July 11th is my wedding anniversary. I can't believe that I just walked into that but you know, sometimes you get got and I just got got. I just want to make sure you don't forget. Okay. Question from Brent K.T. How will you prepare for the next time Mercury is in retrograde? I still don't really know what Mercury in retrograde means. For those that listen to the Amanda Goetz episode, she was telling me all this stuff about astrology. I kind of think astrology  I'm like, okay, let me move on. I think it's when like you have technological problems, like things go wrong. Anyway, okay. So Jason asks, how can Bitcoin advance without an upheaval of the US government in a broad sense? The burn it all down narrative is not helpful to widespread adoption. So how do you walk this fine line? Yeah, look, I think that Bitcoin is doing exactly what it was designed to do. It's becoming a global store of value. And so that's going to take decades, right? We're already 12 years in. I think it's going to continue  And so killing a currency is very very difficult And so what's more likely to happen is there's going to be coexistence of many many currencies around the world All of them will be digital whether it's a digital dollar digital euro digital one private currencies things like Facebook's Diem or things like Bitcoin that are kind of decentralized now I personally believe that once all of those Currencies are digitized the competition will move to the monetary policy layer and that's where Bitcoin is superior in my opinion the  the more people trust it, the more likely it is that it won't go away. So I think Bitcoin has kind of entered into that phase. And so over time, more and more people will trust it, more younger people will come into more assets, they'll put it into Bitcoin. And what you'll see is this global store of value will end up kind of increasing in total market cap. And eventually what you'll find is that the decentralized digital currency of Bitcoin, in my opinion, is going to be bigger than all of the fiat money combined. Now it's going to take a long time. We're decades away from that happening. But what you're just simply seeing is  The great thing about wealthy people is that they're adversarial to something until they learn how they can make money from it. And so that's what we're ultimately seeing with Bitcoin is for years and years and years, Wall Street regulators and countries and all these other organizations were very anti Bitcoin. They took a very adversarial stance. The second they figured out how they could make money or they thought it was big enough for them to make money or that it wasn't going away and therefore they could make money from it, they all jumped in and say, now, pretty much  I actually think it's kind of an anticlimactic type thing. We can always think about that. We should always be prepared for that. But instead, what's more likely to happen is already you're seeing politicians in the United States become sympathetic to Bitcoin. You're going to eventually see people rise to power in the treasury or the Federal Reserve or other types of regulatory bodies. They're going to be sympathetic to these assets. And therefore you're going to get kind of this slow evolution or adoption. And then eventually we're going to wake up one day and be like, Oh, I'm going to get a little bit of a break. I'm going to get a little bit of a break.  Did not create Bitcoin or they wouldn't have named the two assets the same name the capital B Bitcoin is the payment rail similar to a Visa a MasterCard or some other type of infrastructure the lowercase B is the asset itself more similar to The dollar or the euro and so what you do is you need lowercase B Bitcoin to be sent between two parties You have to use uppercase or capitalized B payment rails, right? So Bitcoin is spent on the Bitcoin system and that's exactly how  way to get somebody educated in a very short period of time. Crypto Mipto asks, how do you multitask and manage your time? You're into everything at once and killing it. Well, I definitely think time is our most valuable asset. I talk about that quite often. And so what I essentially do is I aspire to be ultra efficient. Now, if you ask me or you ask my wife, I probably spend too much time wasting on stupid things, right? I spend a bunch of time on Twitter or other things that aren't necessarily  And so by compartmentalizing your time, you can become hyper efficient, but you also can plan out exactly when you're going to get everything done. And so when you start to think about how to do that, you start to think about how to do it. And so when you start to think about how to do it, you start to think about how to do it. And so when you start to think about how to do it, you start to think about how to do it. And so when you start to think about how to do it, you start to think about how to do it. And so when you start to think about how to do it, you start to think about how to do it.  about today's sponsor, BlockFi. BlockFi's got four different financial products for crypto investors. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account. You can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use our cryptocurrency exchange and have no trading fees, or you can get a new Bitcoin rewards credit card. It's a normal credit card that when you swipe, you get Bitcoin back rather than cashback or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too when you go to BlockFi  or you could even argue that the United States will be the next one. They'll kind of surprise us all and capitulate and go in and embrace it. I have no clue. But I think that what you learn if you study kind of the great investors over time is that predicting the future is very, very difficult. And so rather than spend time or as I would think waste time trying to predict the future, instead you're much, much better off just making sure that you're prepared for a whole different set of outcomes. So are you prepared if no country's adopted? Are you prepared of one country? Are you prepared for different  in detail of who it is, why are they doing this, is it good or bad reasons, and then what the impact's gonna be. And so El Salvador, that was a great example. I think people very quickly wrapped their heads around why this country was doing it, what advantages the country had around being dollarized versus having their own currency, and then what that impact would be. And I think that'll happen at the same time that countries two, three, four, and five come out and announce the same thing. Matthew Rollman asks, what was the biggest thing you learned from your service in the military? We all die.  life expectancy in today's society is 78 79 80 years old somewhere in there if I'm 33 years old I pretty much know what the average amount of time I have left is and so while it may seem like a lot Basically, I've already lived a third of my life, right more than a third of my life And so that really puts things in perspective in terms of trying to wrap your head around. What are you doing? What are you trying to accomplish? And then how do you spend your time? And if you are able to optimize the way that you spend your time I think that you actually live a much more fulfilling life. And so that's how I  I'm an ambitious person and therefore when I'm presented with opportunities, my mind usually jumps to what could happen if this worked? And I've got to really kind of struggle and remind myself, no, that's not the right way to look at it. Instead, it's what am I trying to accomplish and does this fit into what my goals are or what my mission is? And so when you're able to kind of reframe it from that perspective, it becomes much easier to say no to things that don't fit along with what you're trying to accomplish. But with that said, I'm also not great in terms  While I wish that I could and I'm kind of apologetic for the fact that I can't, also I have to remain focused on what am I trying to accomplish? And again, the quality of the time that I spend, what am I spending my time on? If I'm just sitting there for hours and hours a day answering emails, that's probably not the best use of my time. And so you just have to get very, very comfortable with the idea that you may be disappointing people or you may be offending people, even though you don't mean to. It's just simply at some point there's a trade off between accomplishing what you want versus always serving everybody else.  impact as a private citizen in either business or investing or as a politician. My guess actually is that you can have more impact as a business person or as an investor than you can as a politician in the current environment. And so just from a pure impact standpoint, being in the private market is going to be much, much more advantageous for creating change or kind of making any sort of progress than actually sitting inside of a bureaucratic institution. And maybe that changes over time, but even if it did change,  I think you have to have nobody play it, right? I mean, that's kind of the whole beauty of it is if you're going to have Satoshi, you almost wanted to be a mythical figure. You don't want it to be a man or a woman. You don't want it to be an individual or a group. You don't want it to be a white person, a black person or a green person. You don't want it to be from a certain region of the world. You don't want it to be somebody that it has a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person or a black person  You almost want to play into that and really make sure that you don't put any sort of labels or descriptions on Satoshi You want it to remain that mythical feature that mythical kind of person or group and so by having nobody play Satoshi I think that you'd be able to accomplish that. All right, and the final question, which is my favorite comes from nifty pickle Anthony you always say you aren't out for fame or money. You just want to be quote-unquote happy But what does that mean? Are you a hedonist trying to maximize pleasure and money?  to  trying to accomplish change. But until that day happens, I'm going to keep doing this because I enjoy doing it. Um, and there's really kind of no master plan behind it. Just go one day at a time. What do you want to do today? Go do it and you'll be happy. Amazing. Thank you so much. I love how Plina selected many of the people's questions based on their usernames, like nifty pickle. Uh, that was not lost on me, but listen, I really appreciate everyone listening today. We'll have to do these Q and a episodes more often. Uh, it would mean a ton to me. Make sure that you're subscribed to the podcast or if you're watching this on YouTube, make sure you subscribe to the channel.