 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Patrick here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, man. Thanks for having me on. Absolutely. Let's just jump right into CityCoins. I think this is kind of a fascinating idea that you've been working on. What exactly is a CityCoin? CityCoins allow you to put a city into your portfolio. So when you support a city by buying its CityCoin or mining its CityCoin,  competing to mint new city coins. Now, the base currency that's being forwarded into it gets diverted to two areas. 30% of it goes directly to a reserve wallet that a city can claim custody of, and 70% of it goes directly to everyone else that is locking up their city coins via this conflict called stacking. And so that's the basic gist. And we think that this is going to create a completely new dynamic  and forwarding that into the Stacks blockchain to secure the Stacks blockchain. So what I described with how you mine CitiCoins, you do the same thing with the Stacks blockchain as well. So people compete to get new Stacks by forwarding Bitcoin and that secures the network. So it's like a race essentially to see who can forward the most and your chances of winning is sort of weighted based on how much you've contributed. So it's pretty green.  Stacks requires Bitcoin to mint new stacks. Got it. And so let's just fast forward 25 years, right? And kind of go to the Ultra Bowl case for this. It works. And let's pick a specific city anywhere in the world that ends up doing this. Who is kind of the customer or the users when you think of this? Do you think of the government, the local government as the customer? Do you think of citizens in that local ecosystem as the customer?  Singapore, all having their own city coins. And even small cities like, maybe even Bitcoin Beach can have its own city coin, like Dollar Sign Beach. And I think what's going, essentially there are two and potentially three customers. So the first customer is the city government and I'll walk through kind of like why they're a customer. So the city government is given the sacrosanct reserved wallet that they can claim and no one else but then can claim.  which like, you know, a mayor like Mayor Suarez is really kind of one of the first. And so what they're gonna do, I believe is, I believe that the best sort of cities will operate like startups, essentially. They'll use their funds to recruit new founders, who could also add more utility to their own city coin, who can build apps around it, or just apps generally in the crypto space that, you know, that exist and they get tax revenue.  like a much more positive sort of thing. So that's like the model of startup city as a startup. Now, the other side of the equation is the stakeholders. So you can have people who live in the city, people who live out of the city, who are hodlers, or just traders providing liquidity. But the reality is there is now a market relationship with the city that the users can have. So initially, your ways of voting  whatever, San Francisco or New York to Miami or to some other city. And they're essentially, that's the exit and the other, the voice is valid, right? Now this third option of voting with your coin, I think is really, really useful. Because there will be hundreds, if not thousands of city coins in the future, you're gonna be able to move your assets from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and essentially have capital flight at the speed of light  sort of their ideology, right? Because if you're a token holder, you're earning yield as a function of merely holding and locking your coins. Now, that's just, that's like a purely financial and sort of voting aspect of city coins. You're also going to be able to sort of develop with city coins too. So you can imagine like proof of hodl, access control to digital and physical applications and locations. You can imagine,  city, a city-city coin. So I think it's interesting. Yeah, go ahead. And so when you think through that, right, it sounds like the city, there's a way to basically change the economics of a city and to use kind of new technology to do that. It also seems like maybe there's another side of this that is almost like you could bet on a city early or you could bet on the safety of a city staying relevant. And maybe even in some crazy way, like you could like short a city.  sitting in that government seat, right? So, you know, let's use Miami as an example. Right now, you guys have Miami coin. What is the evaluation that the mayor of Miami, a governor of the state, et cetera, would make in terms of what their options are? So what are the things that they could do? And then why would they do certain actions versus other actions? Yes, I think the primary decision that these municipalities  $10 million just sitting on the sidelines and you're not doing anything, your citizens are going to get pretty pissed that you're not using it to fix homelessness or recruit more crypto startups or beautify the city or do whatever you want to do with it. The fact remains, most cities actually have budgets that are right at the cusp of what they can tax.  So they can, um, so they're going to be earning stacks and if they want to buy back their own coin, their own city coin, which I think is like a very healthy thing to do. They can buy back their own coin and they can just do that if they want to, they can liquidate into USD and just say, Hey, um, you know, we want to keep crypto on our balance sheet, but we're willing to like liquidate into USD on goingly and, and we'll, you know, use it to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to  optimizing for people being bullish on the city. Like you're saying for you can effectively short a city or go long a city. San Francisco is a city that I think unfortunately is like kind of being run into the ground in some ways. San Francisco is a great city, but it's a city that could be doing a lot better. So you could bet on the turnaround. Maybe San Francisco is trading on 10 cents on the dollar based on what you think it's going to do in the future. You think they're going to get their app together. Whereas  I mean, there's there's like a huge 30,000 foot view on this and then there's like the 10 year view. I think if you if you look at if you look at like a United States, I think when you talk to most people, you say, hey, I think the US is kind of like a descending country. It's no longer on the ascent, which is like an unfortunate, unfortunate conversation to have, of course. But most people will agree with you. They'll say, yeah, that's like a fact. That's true. Like, essentially, we're like sunsetting  seeing the playbook from El Salvador and Paraguay and South America, which is, by the way, on the same longitude lines as the US, I think they're a great release valve. We already seen the playbook there, where essentially they plug into the Bitcoin standard and they essentially try to monetize their country through attracting technologists and crypto capitalists  for opportunistic cities, I think they're going to benefit tremendously from this. And the ones that move fastest might be not the ones that you'd expect, but the ones who are most opportunistic. You could have literally gone and worked with anyone, right? Everyone from New York City to El Salvador, Bitcoin Beach, to Tijuana, to somewhere in Asia. But you chose Miami. Why Miami over all the other places you could have gone first?  It's not super homogenous. There's a lot of heterogeneity. The culture is a vibrant one. It's not a boring town, that's for sure. It's sort of like a gateway to South America, too. I think that's really important. One of the things that kind of tipped it for me was  And he's doing that by using SF as a foil. And like, what's crazy to me is it's not even clear that SF even like realizes they're, they're in a huge issue. They're in, they're in, they're in a really bad place. Like, I think they're actually, I think, I think they still think that everything's just going to be fine for them when it's not actually totally clear. And I think that's, that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing.  to cast these people out, well, the people that you're welcoming in are going to reward you very much. They want to help you. And tech is an incredibly helpful culture. There's a lot of journalists that like to write bad things about technologists. And no one is morally 100% pure. No one's a Puritan. But technology, I've worked in much of it at different industries. And technology has been most positive, some helpful  and what those two things are and the differences and kind of, you know, how people can kind of capitalize on this framework. Yeah. So a lot of people are familiar with municipal debt where a government will, like city government will create, you know, like $800 million or a billion dollars worth of debt. And then they'll sell it for, you know, low interest rate. And then there are tax benefits.  institutions and sovereigns or whatever. And when there's good money be made, it's in those large spreads, it can be because a city is about to go BK and go bankrupt. So that's not the sort of positive, some sort of situation that a concept like municipal equity conceptually would be. So municipal equity is something where all states  city benefits from it as well. So, you know, I think a lot of people feel detached from their city in terms of ways they can help. And this is like, this is one way where they can win with the city and help, you know, help the city win as well. And, you know, similar to how people have ownership in a company, you know, this is like a sort of company-fying, you know, the idea of cities.  it'll coexist. But, you know, not all debt is bad, obviously, but you know, you can get in trouble with that. And, and you get in real trouble when you get in real trouble when you realize that the old paradigm that people were living under before, which was one of immobility, where people didn't really move from city to city very often is completely out the window now. Like 2020, you really blew the lid off off of off of that, off of that being the reality.  getting Bitcoin because when you earn stacks, you also earn Bitcoin. It's like a dual yielding asset. They earn stacks and they can lock those and earn more Bitcoin. And same with the city coin holders. When you think about how people approach trying to cryptoify cities, they're like, well, let's try to get crypto to be adopted for payments in stores. Maybe not. Maybe actually,  talk about our sponsor Kraken. For the last 10 years, Kraken has built one of the best platforms to buy and sell cryptocurrencies online. They've got a brand new mobile app, the Kraken app. Today, you can go on and buy Bitcoin or up to 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies in the world. And you can do that on the go 24 seven. All you have to do is simply download the app, connect your bank account, and you can get started investing with as little as $10. It only takes a minute to get started. With the new Kraken app, you'll have your  download their new mobile app. All right, let's get back into this episode. I hope you're enjoying this one. Yeah, when you think about kind of the structure that you're leveraging here, some people will say, hey, why don't you just use Bitcoin? Why do you need to leverage Stacks or kind of the Miami coin or City coin structure, walk through maybe the pros and cons of doing something like this with just Bitcoin versus kind of leveraging the security of the Bitcoin blockchain and then doing it kind of on this side chain or kind of a layer two type  companies, and they have their own employees that have a stake in the success of those companies and those various missions. So you could have a, take like a city like SF and a city like Miami, you think those cities want to be on the same cap table? Hell no. Those cities want to be on their own cap table and they want to live or die based on how well the markets appreciate their sort of ideology and how they operate.  There's this mining aspect, obviously, to Bitcoin, but there's also a lot of people who are like, oh, I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a new one. I'm going to buy a  So what we do is we take Bitcoins that sort of crystallize robot sweat and throw it into another consensus mechanism, which is called proof of transfer. So this already happens, as I mentioned earlier, from Bitcoin into the Stax blockchain. So Stax is secured by Bitcoin. And then we take the fuel, which is the Stax token, to then secure it  And so, yeah, so then, as I mentioned earlier, we take that Stacks, use it to essentially compete to mine new CityCoins. So you could have like, you know, like over a hundred people, or a hundred miners sending Stacks into the CityCoin smart contract for MiamiCoin. And who wins that is pseudo-random. It's like, it's kind of random.  ideal market participant there.  And I think you're gonna get like different archetypes. You have like city mining institutions, individuals, traders, like individual hodlers and then traders. And we'll see where it nets out. Where do you go from here? So you got Miami and kind of have been getting that up and running and talking to city officials and kind of pushing it forward. Is this, let's go to 50 cities in the next year. Is it go to two cities? Kind of what does that rollout look like and kind of what are the future plans?  $10 billion valuation. But the more cities we can create, the more of a dynamic we can have between the cities. So people can choose from a menu of different cities that they want to put in their portfolio as opposed to just being limited to a small handful or just even one. But I think it would be a mistake to just launch a thousand cities right now. I think it'd be like a huge diffusion of focus. And the goal here is like,  basically as the value grows inside of a wallet, do they actually take it or not? And I don't know. I'd have to think through like why they wouldn't take it right to some degree. I mean, imagine, imagine like thousands of people who hold Miami coin and are on Twitter, you know, trying to get Miami to pick up the bag and who are also saying, no, we're going to, we're going to, we're going to will this happen, right? Like let's get Miami coin to open.  Yeah, it's absolutely fascinating. How can people get involved? What are the ways that somebody who's listening to this, watching this, what can they do? Yeah, first follow mine citycoins at mine citycoins on Twitter and sign up with your email at citycoins.co. You'll get all sorts of announcements and like AMAs and like ways to vote on new cities and things like that.  how you do it. Here's how you talk to your elected official and here's how you get people voting on it sort of thing. But focus is like laser eyed on Miami for the time being. Got it. And when you start to think about kind of the, the maybe social aspect of this, uh, is it helpful for people to kind of talk about it with, uh, their local officials or, or talk to other people in their community or does you really have to wait until you kind of come to their city or town?  to tell everyone you know and get them signed up at citycoins.co for sure. I love it. Before I let you go ask everyone the same three questions and then you'll get to ask me one. Most important book that you've ever read? I mean, hate to be trite, but probably the sovereign individual. That's pretty good. Also like the bias of communication by Harold Ennis is like, that's a weird one, but it's a good one. What is that one about? It was written by this  can allow for essentially like prosperous civilizations to exist. And, you know, I think of like Bitcoin as like a time and space bias method of communication and like a perfect substrate to build sort of like civilization level software, which is why I'm like, it's weird to feel like contrarium. Like I feel like Bitcoin's already wanted some money, but I feel like it's like super undervalued as like substrate that people can like anchor into. And I'm looking forward to that like catching on  What's your sleep schedule? Nice, man. I've been falling asleep at like 9 30, 10 o'clock at night and like waking up at six, six 30. I'm on Pacific standard time. So can I wake up early? But I do turn the temperature down to 60 degrees and just like put, you know, I do like the Austrians do where you're like, you know, the Swiss, you know, just put on like a big heavy blanket and I sleep really deeply that way. That's the best way to do it. Third question.  Yeah, I don't know. Like I think in this next, this next like hundred years, we're going to learn a lot more about the nature of reality, especially through the lens of physics. And there may be a world, there may be a world where, um, where, um, you know, believing that there's no aliens is actually like, besides like bacteria, whatever is not so crazy. Like who knows? I don't, I don't know. It's a wild, wild world. We live in my friend. What one question you have for me to, uh, to finish up. Um,  but they are a suit anonymous and they're not really interested in revealing themselves. But one day maybe I could, I can get them to start participating in the fun. They should stay suit anonymous. That is like definitely the go to these days, like separate your working name from your real name. Yeah. Well that's what they've done so far. And they just kind of hide out in the shadows, you know, and follow along, but no one knows they're there. Nice. And you're, you're in, you're in Miami now, right? I am.  CityCoins on Twitter and then CityCoins.co. That's right. Yeah, you know that. OK. And where can people follow you on Twitter? I'm Patrick W. Stanley. Patrick W. Stanley. Awesome. Well, listen, thank you so much for doing this. I think this is a super interesting concept. And if the mayor of Miami or somebody else in another city ends up kind of embracing this, I think that it could be pretty interesting seeing this idea of municipal equity versus municipal debt.