 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a very, very, very special treat for us today. I have my friend and colleague, Colton, here with me. What's up, man? What's going on? Thanks for having me. All right. Before we get started, though, I'm going to tell a story as to how Colton and I met, which is a ridiculous but true story. So maybe six to eight months ago, I can't remember exactly when.  And I finally said to myself, this kid has too much time on his hands. Who is he? So I messaged the person back and I said, hey, what do you do all day? You got a lot of time for memes. What do you do? And that person was Colton. We eventually got on a call and somehow I think Colton was getting on a call to just talk or hang out or meet. I don't really know what. But I got on the call and I pitched him on starting a company that I had an idea for, but I didn't have time to do.  You just kind of kept showing up in my timeline. My thing, this guy has a podcast, like he puts a lot of content out, obviously respect that. What else are really respected too is that like you weren't afraid to voice your opinion on controversial subjects, saying stuff like socialism is, socialism is bad and things like that. Is that controversial? Um, and maybe in, in my circles, yes. Um, but, uh, so Mike, I don't know if I should send him a meme. It's kind of weird. I don't usually do that kind of thing. Um, but I don't know.  Okay. Did you, did my name catch your attention because it was so close to Nakamoto? No, but go ahead. Tell them what your last name is. Sakamoto. And I'm actually found out recently that, um, so I'm Japanese on my great grandma's side. Um, she was a Nakamoto before she was a Sakamoto. Are you claiming that your grandmother may be Satoshi Nakamoto? It's possible that my great grandma could be Satoshi.  single day saying, I want to work in the industry. How do I work in the industry? Where are the open roles? Can you please help me? I also knew most of the executives at the company. So walk through what we did and where we are right now from a job board perspective first. Sure. So when we hopped on that first call, like I didn't know what to expect. You hadn't brought up the job board or anything. And then you started pitching me. So I'm going, wait, is this guy pitching me? Is this like reverse shark tank? Like what's going on here? And so that was going through my head as this was going on. You kind of explained  All right. And we've got what companies like Coinbase, Gemini, BlockFi, who else? Yeah. Coinbase, Gemini, BlockFi, Anchorage, Kraken. I mean, all the big players in this space and then tons of startups too. And there's probably 60 to 70 companies who list their roles every month. Right now, I think it's a little bit lighter. I think there's like 53 active ones, but a lot of them kind of this revolving door of coming in and out every month as they're hiring needs kind of continue. All right.  last I checked in with them and it's crazy to see the success so far. And what I think the most rewarding part about it is just hearing the success stories of people that, you know, we're working in the traditional world and then transition or maybe they're right out of college and they got their dream job right out of college. And so that's been really awesome to see. And then a number of startups have hired people. And when we were down in Miami at the Bitcoin conference, we were approached by tons of people who said they've gotten hired through the job board and through the course, which has been awesome to see.  What do you do on a day-to-day basis for the job board? Well, I guess the means take up most of the time, right? But the job board, a lot of it is just maintenance outreach, customer support type stuff. And ultimately, a lot of it comes down to just thinking of how we can make it even easier for companies and for job seekers too. So a lot of work goes into that and then just mapping out what's next.  thing that you said to me later on a couple of weeks later was, Hey, if we hit X dollars in monthly revenue, I'll quit my job. And I remember being like, Hey, 50, 50, whether this guy's going to quit his job. I don't know. It seems the like his job. I think I went to the point I asked you if you liked your job and you didn't say you liked the job. So you liked the people you worked with, all this stuff. So I said, okay, we'll see. And then true to your word, when we hit that number, you quit your job and now you work on this full time. So what was going through your head when you went to potentially quit your job?  I was going to quit. I mean, I did like my job. I really liked the people I worked with. So it was tough. And I, I just graduated college. It was like my first job. I'd only been there six months. So it was definitely really weird to turn around and be like, ah, pulling the plug here. But as soon as we hit that number, I'm true to my word, call it my boss that same day. The first time I called him, he went straight to voicemail. I'm like, Oh my gosh. Now I got to sit here and think about it even more. He calls me back. I'm going, Hey man, I'm quitting.  that you were going to do it. I thought you were going to be too scared. No, it was the plan all along. All right. Well, you tricked me. So congratulations. This next thing we figured out was, uh, through the job board, all of these, uh, HR, uh, people, uh, recruiters at some of the large companies, they started to say to us, man, this is amazing. We're getting so many applications. The problem is they're great at what they do, but they don't know anything about Bitcoin or crypto. So they don't know anything about,  Talked with some people at Maven, kind of got up to speed. So we ran the beta cohort. You obviously teach it live twice a week. And that was pretty much the bones of it. What we found, you know, through the beta cohort is that so many people want to transition. They don't really know a whole lot about crypto, but they realize this is this emerging industry that's going to create, you know, hundreds, thousands of jobs. And they don't know how to transition. Maybe they don't get in front of the right people or they don't have the knowledge.  and then the idea is to obviously educate them, but then get them in front of as many recruiters as possible. So what we do at the end is we host a job fair where these companies come in, they pitch their companies to the job seekers. They tell them exactly what they're looking for, give them resume tips, give them interview tips, share their open roles, share their company mission, so that people aren't just hearing it from us, but they're actually getting it directly from the source as to what these companies are looking for. In addition to that too, we also bring in the people  And then on the days where there isn't a live class with me teaching we have breakout sessions discussion groups happy hours, etc And the general sense is that somebody can come in with no knowledge whatsoever and they can leave prepared with the crypto knowledge needed to get hired at a company in the space Not everyone is trying to get hired obviously not everyone wants a job But that increasingly is why people are signing up explain a little bit  then it removes the barrier or the friction for the individuals pay for it. And so we're running this pilot with Coinbase. Talk a little bit about what we're doing there and kind of how that program works. We're trying to get these companies to come in and a lot of expressed interest in providing scholarships. So that's, that's kind of in the works. And then in terms of Coinbase, um, what we do is they have a continuing education program and they have a lot of people who might not know a lot about crypto or just want to continue to learn. Um,  about at the recruiting department, are we hiring people who have both the skillset necessary to do the job plus the crypto knowledge? They can just focus on let's hire the best people who do the job and then we'll teach them the crypto kind of basics. Yeah, and I think the goal with the training course is to eliminate the need for companies to do that. Obviously, you know, if companies do have people, you know, you want to educate them, but the idea is to bring the job speaker up to speed before.  I think you will be too. When you go to blockfi.com slash pump again, blockfi.com slash pump, go check it out and let me know what you think. All right, let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it. What's your favorite part so far of the job boarding course and what has been the worst part? Oh, tough. No lying. You better be honest. Okay. I will. Um, honestly, it, I have so much fun and I look forward to it so much this weekend.  So I like kind of having the autonomy to take it in whichever direction I see fit. But in terms of stuff I don't like, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely a lot of work. There's weeks where I have to put in 80 plus hours and that's just the way it is, but I don't see that as a negative thing. And then also another good benefit of it too is just seeing the fruits of the labor, like seeing people get hired and like feeling like I'm making an impact, not only with people, but in the industry as well.  They think that I'm like discriminating against them. They're like, oh, he doesn't like me anymore. He's not responding to my text. I'm like, no, literally like other than my wife, pretty much everybody's in the same bucket. So explain the notification system that we have backed into here that ensures that I get things done that you need me to do. Yeah. So I said that you gave me full autonomy and that's true, but there are certain things that, um, that you might need to get done that are blocking other things from happening. Um,  So I literally get text from him that says please tweet out job board link reply and then it all caps stop to stop receiving Notifications and I'll text it to me sometimes like I'll be in a meeting and I'll get out I have like three text messages and they'll all say the same thing He'll just keep sending it to me until I'm I respond with like lol or stop or some shit so that he knows that I actually tweeted out the link but it works five once we get to five which hasn't happened  realistic is that 10,000 jobs that we helped fill in 2021. So I've actually put a lot of thought into it. And when you first said 10,000, I'm like, why is this guy saying 10,000? That's such an absurd goal. Like probably not possible, but let me kind of walk you through what I think. And then I want to get your perspective as well. I've heard you talk about slugging percentage, not batting average and me coming from a baseball background. That makes a lot of sense. Basically like you want to swing for the fences.  I think you start selling yourself short when you settle for something less than that. But I think ultimately this ecosystem is only in the beginning. I think it's going to be one of those things where it's one of those mass job creation events like the internet. We don't know what's going to happen when the global economy is brought together through Bitcoin. So I think there's going to be a downstream effect of that and just going to be this mass job creation event where maybe jobs we don't even think of, maybe it's going to enable the creator economy either more.  on the job board so far and in five months, right? Basically we start, we started at the end of January, beginning of February, like sometime around there. So end of June be five months, give or take. If that continues, there will be over a hundred thousand applications that go in on the job board. If 10% get higher, there's 10,000 people right there. Now, probably not 10,000, right? So maybe it's 5% or 7% or  Then you add in the course and this training program. And right now we're doing, you know, let's call it a hundred people or so per month. And so by the end of the year, that'd be over a thousand, but likely we'll continue to scale that up. And maybe we start doing, you know, 200, 250, once we kind of figure out the logistics of it. And so very quickly, you could see like in a given year, a hundred plus thousand applications go in on the job board and maybe we do  Get themselves in front of recruiters at these companies kind of in the most prepared best light and then we do things to help recruiters and people at the HR departments of these companies understand that the folks that we're bringing to them whether it's in a more automated fashion like the job board something like the training program or whatever else we create that they're high quality that they're Well trained that they have the base knowledge needed to be successful within the organization. It feels like over time  As the industry continues, as Bitcoin continues to where we think it's gonna go, it's only gonna create more opportunities. All right, before we get into rapid fire questions, and then you're gonna get to ask me one question at the end, which scares the hell out of me. Where can people go to the job board and where can they find out more about the course? Yeah, so the job board, pomcryptojobs.com, you'll tweet it out quite a bit. I'll tweet it out quite a bit. I'll plug my own Twitter at CJ Sakamoto 15.  What's the most important book you ever read? I'm gonna go with the Bible. You know, it's kind of a cliche answer, but just, you know, pretty good moral guidance and you can, you know, take it for what it's worth and interpret it however you want. But I gotta say it's number one. It's a great answer. Second question is your sleep schedule. I'm sleep on eight sleep. Everybody knows it. What's your sleep schedule? So when we first launched terrible, I don't know if you remember the day we launched the  I was someone who had to sleep eight, nine hours a night. I recently got this whoops. So I've been tracking, turning into a competition, seeing how much Ram I can get. Last night I got two hours, 39 minutes of Ram having crazy dreams. And it's all right. It's not a great number, but it's not a horrible number. It's your Ram look like I'm like five hours for sure. No problem. I don't know what it is. I don't know. All right. Aliens, believer or not,  to have intelligent like to, I mean distance from the sun, water, whatever. So one big, I don't know. I agree with you that unidentified objects, flying objects, UFOs does not mean that they're aliens. I definitely agree with that. I'm not that one guy like a couple of months ago saying there was like tunnels under Mars or some crap like that. The Boring company, obviously that's what Elon's doing. He's practicing. True. He's a Martian. I'm kind of with Elon like, you know, show me something that doesn't look like a,  Have you seen a gorilla lose at anything? Have you seen a paralose at anything? Yes, I saw a woman smack a bear with that was sitting on the back of her backyard. That bear was literally slapped and ran away by a huge kind of. Yeah, I was kind of leaning towards team bear until I saw that video and I think she was like 19 or something. So I don't know. I don't think the bear got beat up by a 19 year old girl. Yeah, I don't think a gorilla go down like that.  But I think it's a better fight than you than you're letting on to be how much time have you spent thinking about this a Lot of time and it's like this ongoing debate with with my friends, too It goes back and forth quite a bit as new information is presented. We're obviously intellectual So as you know information comes up, we're definitely have to take that into consideration What do you guys do out there in Portland? You guys don't really have that much else to do other than talk about who wins bears or gorillas  All right, PompCryptoJobs.com and Pomp'sCryptoCourse.com. If people are looking for jobs, that's where they should go. Yep. And if they want to harass you with questions about how to get hired in the industry at CJ Sakamoto, 15? Yep. Just like Nakamoto, but with an S. Why number 15? It was my baseball number. Nothing too creative behind that.  or POMPSCryptoCourse.com. Let's go get 10,000 people hired this year so that Colton, who doesn't yet realize that if we do it in this calendar year, it means we did it in 11 months, not 12, because we started at the end of January. Yep. We can prove him wrong. And then he'll have to tell me that I was right, which is all I live for. All right, man. Thanks for doing this. We'll do it again soon. Maybe we'll bring on some people who've been hired and they could tell their stories. Cool. Thanks for having me.