 Alright guys, bang bang. Got a very special treat. Will is here as always to cover on-chain metrics, but we also have Checkmate who works at Glassnode. So we got a whole bunch of great stuff for you. Will, maybe let's start with you real quick. Give us a summary of what you've seen in the on-chain metrics for this past week. Yes, hey Pomp and Checkmate. I'm super excited to do this. You know, from my newsletter,  a little larger than the traditional 10 minute timeframe. At one point they got over 23 minutes, which of course it means that issuance is slowed, but on the bright side, the difficulty adjustment should be coming in the next few days. I think on Sunday, people are projecting it to be, and miners are slightly selling, but in the glass node data, it doesn't appear that it's anything substantial, right? There's been a big narrative that miners have been dumping  kind of been tracking, you know, watching for new whales coming on the network. At the same time, retail has been adding aggressively over the last two, three weeks, especially. It seems like the smaller cohorts, you know, the shrimp, as Glassnode likes to label them, under one BTC, they continue to add aggressively to their holdings. And just in general, you know, the kind of reaccumulation continues and exchange flows are kind of sideways to bullish. So, you know, nothing crazy in terms of those  We're also pushing out various other content lines, just really trying to explain and get more people to understand what the value of On-Chain is. So it's one of these, I mean, it's a brand new discipline. It's really on the existence since 2018, but ultimately that was the original metrics and it's taken time for people to really digest the information that we can pull from On-Chain. And it's really about getting more people to understand how valuable the data really is. And like anything, it's a tool and it can be used rightly in the future.  this gives me a quick overview of what's going on or the things that you find the highest signal. There's probably three key areas that I'll look at. The first one is just based on almost the immediate term on-chain activity. Are we seeing a whole lot of value being settled? Are we seeing upticks and active addresses? Really simple stuff that it's quite intuitive. Are you seeing more people using the network? When more people are using it, it generally suggests that there's some value being settled and people are finding use in it.  guess they're more likely to be accumulating than selling. Looking at the overall spent age, how old the coins are that are on the move, that's a big element. There's a lot of different layers to that. There's new ones in the different metrics you can look at. Then the last one I'll look at is supply-based metrics. At Glassner, we've got everything from long-term, short-term holders, miners, different addresses. I'll really look at the overall supply dynamics. Are we in a space where more coins are accumulating? Are we in a space where coins are coming into exchange?  It's been quite interesting because there's a number of dynamics at play. We had our initial capitulation back there at the start of May, which by all intents, I think it was the largest dollar value as Will mentioned, in terms of total realised losses. It really was a fairly, it's a capitulation for the ages. It sits back and compares to March 2020 and the end of the 2018 bear in pretty much all metrics. There was an extraordinary amount of  both over $3Bn in total net volume. Simultaneously, we've got this giant migration of hash power coming out of China. As Will mentioned, there are going to be miners who have to liquidate parts of their treasury. They're just dealing with immense logistical costs at the moment, so there is going to be a layer of that. Simultaneously, when you compare, there's two elements, is that supply being absorbed? We held the 29th floor multiple times so far. To be honest, I'm surprised we haven't  So for every miner that's selling their treasury, there's going to be another miner who's essentially selling an extraordinary amount less coins because their expenses are the same, but their inflows are much higher. So we're going to have some really interesting supply dynamics in play, but the market's absorbed a lot so far, which is quite impressive.  counter. As long as that doesn't happen, over time, the paper towels are going to absorb the spill, but it's just a matter of how long is it going to take, I guess. Can that outpace the reabsorption, can that outpace the rate that if we have any second liquid supply change where coins get puked out and you see a bunch more liquid supply come on?  up into $42,000. We have this very interesting dichotomy where pretty much all long-term holders are profitable and pretty much all short-term holders, aside from the people who bought the $29,000 dip, are essentially at a loss. When we're seeing losses get realized on-chain, it's disproportionately the day-to-day traffic because they're people who essentially bought their coins in recent history. They may not have dealt with that kind of volatility. There's a number of things that I'm watching. One is the coins that were purchased in January, February because that was obviously a fairly  little spending going on by the old hands. The question is, do we get a relief rally and they basically take that exit liquidity? That would be something that I'd be paying attention to. Lifespan metrics, particularly on any kind of strong relief rally, is something I'm going to be watching. The one thing that does give me a bit of confidence is we saw that capitulation the other day that sold off down to 29, and we saw almost no long-term holders spending at that point in time. There was a couple in there, obviously,  you know, kind of sudden drop.  I think it's been a long time supporter of this show. So to say thanks, it would mean the world to me if you would go and download their new mobile app. All right, let's get back into this episode. I hope you're enjoying this one. You know, I want to ask you, so you kind of touched on this. How would you distinguish this between, you know, kind of a mid cycle reaccumulation, you know, granted we only have two sample sizes, but maybe something like, you know, mid 2017, mid 2013 ish or, you know, heading into a bear market where like,  bull run and also following the 2017. So like, what would you be looking at to distinguish between maybe this kind of mid-cycle consolidation reaccumulation, which is kind of where I kind of stand in that pool, but just for listeners, what kind of things would you be looking at to say, okay, yeah, this is resembling bear market. We're probably heading into kind of this multi-year bear. So I'm actually potentially a bit left of field here. I've more or less in my model's  very similar. If you look at the long-term holder supply, they started distributing. We get to this point that I call peak hodl, which is basically the zone where long-term holders own the maximum amount of supply. In prior cycles, that's pretty much aligned with when price comes up to the previous all-time high. Back when we were at $20,000, we broke through that. If you look at any long-term holder supply chart, they essentially started distributing from that point onwards. There are two things that stand out. The higher the price goes, at a $1T market cap,  middle ground where we're waiting for that volume to step in. Now, maybe they are the ones accumulating. That's what we're seeing a fairly strong floor at 30,000. Maybe there's a lot of buyers down below, but really we need to see that supply kick in. We've very much seen a distribution by long-term holders, which is now actually reversing, so arguably the same as previous cycles. What you really want to see is if you actually look at the amount of supply held by these, basically let's call them hodlers, the supply held by them  are we in the consolidation, did we dip lower? Right now, what I'm seeing is hallmarks of what you would otherwise call a bear market, which is long-term holders accumulating and not spending, but ultimately, they're doing that from a much higher base. They're not doing it from 58% and then accumulating up to 70%. They're accumulating from 70% and if we get the same supply squeeze, which occurs at 80%, it's not going to take that long for that supply squeeze to kick in. I'm very much looking for, are they spending and are they liquidating?  is so bad, but if it wasn't for the leverage, there wouldn't have been those big spreads for funds overseas to capture in that market neutral sense where they were long spot shorting the futures. I think a lot of capital came in on the way up through the grayscale art, but also through that cash and carry trade arbitrage as well. Now that a lot of that leverage has gotten wiped out, do you think the market is now a lot more driven by spot? How does that change market dynamics?  40%, which didn't care about a 60% drawdown or a 50% drawdown, depending on what asset you're looking at. More or less, what I'm seeing there is that's the cash and carry trade. So they're risk neutral, they don't particularly care what's going on. One thing I will say about, so we do get these cascading liquidations, but I think Arthur Hayes put out an excellent piece recently on the Bitmex blog, where he was talking about how the crypto markets clear their leverage, and it is just so much more efficient than what we have in traditional markets.  that we've moved into a spot driven phase because we're just not seeing an increase in leverage. We're still seeing relatively neutral, slightly negative funding rates, but by and large, it's pretty flat. So derivatives are not, you need a good flush out of all the speculators. They've all lost their money. And now we need to wait for that next round of people to come in and find interest again. Got it. And so, Checkmate, when you start to think about where we're going from here,  We are just seeing the supply. Otherwise, after a 50% drawdown and pretty much every piece of FUD you could possibly come up with in the market, we saw Nick Carter's FUD dice get rolled twice on every side. Really, it's going to take something else fairly dramatic in my view to really take out that floor. To me, it's impressive that we've seen that floor hold. I'm definitely looking for if those long-term holders start to find exit liquidity. If we do get a relief rally and they start distributing  other signs, are we seeing just a general downtrend in the super speculative dogecoins and projects that really have driven on hype and little else? Are we seeing them essentially bleeding out value and people losing interest, which realistically has bear market dynamics? And you need to have this speculative capital flush out before we can start moving higher. So this is just a typical trend that we see play out in these markets. Yeah. And then talk a little bit just about  This is the interesting dynamic with on-chain analysis. Because it is so new, there's a number of layers to this. First of all, there's a lot of people still learning how this stuff works. To be honest, this is the first, let's call it a market cycle, this is the first period of time where we have full suites of on-chain tools. We've got numerous analysts, Glassnode's got a full suite of products now, and there's various analysts who are all looking at this from different perspectives. What we're really doing is essentially learning as we go. What I've definitely  You'll see that I break it down into sections. I'll focus on miners. I'll take a particular topic of interest. Am I looking at profit and loss realised on chain? Am I looking at miners making and selling? Are they accumulating? How is their overall performance going? I'll break it down into what is the psychology of different participants. So when you actually look at it from the human perspective and you kind of think a little bit before you start looking at the chart, you think about who are you actually looking at and why do you care? In particular,  really OnChain is absolutely designed and works immensely well for the long-term investor for the people who are looking for that long-term trend. Once you start diving in, you may have seen that I break down what individual cohorts are doing, and that gives me insight. What am I looking for? I'm looking for the old hands getting their illiquid coins and distributing them on a relief rally. That would be bearish. It's not so much about the immediate, it's really about what's the trend.  David Puel, checkmate, these kind of people who pioneered the space, but now you're starting to see new people, younger people, not just myself, but my buddy, Dylan, he's 20, and he's digging into the on-chain metrics a lot. I think this is just getting started. We're just at the tip of the iceberg in terms of what's going to come out of this space. I think as Bitcoin becomes a larger role in the broader financial system, then the importance of it is just going to grow more so.  the behaviors of people across the economy. But other than that, I just wanted to say thank you to CheckMaid for anybody listening. CheckMaid's been one of the people that has been very instrumental in kind of my understanding of a lot of this on-chain stuff. He was somebody I was messaging very early on asking a bunch of questions. I feel bad for how many questions I've asked this guy, but he's very, very useful. And if you reach out, he's happy to help. A real genuine guy.  on Chain newsletter, the following day we'll have basically a video read through. And the purpose of that is people to basically see me live on our Week on Chain dashboard, whichever one can get access to, and essentially see how I plug together multiple metrics. And you kind of get the story behind the text, right? So the newsletter, we keep it fairly brief and concise, but you get a little bit more of my thoughts and how I put these things together. And really the intention there is for more people to understand how these metrics get put together and really looked at as a cohesive  What does a reversal look like? If you're looking for these real, deep interpretation, that's really what we're rolling out there. There's a number of educational products that's really been what I'm trying to push forward. There's a number of exciting ventures we've got coming out as well, things like a Glassnode Forum, where we're going to have basically a zone where people can actually connect and basically the inside club where people can connect with various analysts, share ideas, share analysis, ask questions, get a bit more one-on-one action.  Thank you guys so much for taking the time to come on here. I think that people are really enjoying this. They're learning a ton and hopefully we'll continue to do it. And checkmate, thanks so much. We'll go ahead, we'll link to your stuff in the description and hopefully we can get some folks over to you. And Will, I will see you again next week, my friend.