 All right guys, bang bang. A very special guest today. My friend Jonathan is here. How are you? I'm doing great. All right, I want to start with your childhood and growing up because you have a very unique experience that I think feeds into a lot of your worldview. But before we do that, I'm going to tell a story that I don't know if you remember this or not. We worked at Facebook together.  We can basically like that's how we get people's attention. It was very much like a data-driven. Okay, there's gonna be a certain number of people who See this that click that then you know opt into this action whatever all normal conversations for kind of Silicon Valley firm and all of a sudden I Don't be happy with the meeting. You're like, excuse me So I'm not from the United States and let me explain to you what used to happen in television He's like the dictator of our country would come  I was really angry in that meeting if you remember. It was very tense. I do remember that and I left and was a very important executive in that meeting and I remember some of the guys from the team, you know, kind of higher up in the hierarchy than me saying, I've never seen this guy this angry, ever. You know, 10 years of a company, ever. I was like, holy crap. Yeah, I do remember that. I do remember them getting mad. I was going to leave that part out, but yeah. Yeah, they got really well tense.  but also then to interact with other executives and you know, it's like a minnow getting thrown in with the sharks and you're like, oh, okay. Yeah, I think what happens, one of the reasons that job is hard is because if you're, before that you were doing that, if you were starting companies or just generally hustling, you have an output mentality. You're like, how do I get stuff out? How they're gonna focus out and you product out and you feature out and you're outcome oriented. At a large company, you have to be input oriented.  I got into the role because basically some of the executives were like, hey, we think that this guy would be good at this because he had done some other stuff. They went to my boss's boss at the time. I remember, hey, can we talk to him about doing this? And they were like, no. And they were like, we're still going to talk to him. Yes. So it wasn't much choice. Did it. It was awesome. You know, got to interface with all these people. Really good people. I learned amazing people. I learned more than I've ever learned. In a 90 day period, I learned, I still to this day believe I learned more in that role.  Yeah, you could give them any problem in technology and they got a shot. They're amazing very resilient really hard-working There's good people. Yes. All right, you're not there anymore. Yeah, it's fine. Well, we're okay. We're both I look fine But there was many walking talks that we did where John was like, hey, so here's the deal Yeah, I was learning as well with you to be honest, I don't know what I was doing Yeah, you grew up in Venezuela, which yeah I think with some of the background knowledge of being  Alcoa like the steel state on company. It was a good comfortable life, but it's also a very unequal society and a very unstable society. And I got mocked growing up several times. My mom got mocked growing up several times. The car and the car goes. My dad got mocked several times. You know, negotiate with guys that take take the shoes, don't take the watch or whatever. Just like the one  I don't know what you're gonna take and my brother remembers distinctively the thing that shocked him the most is that by all material accounts those guys were better off than him. He was like, your car is better, your shoes are better, your jeans are better, your glasses, everything's better. You guys are the cool kids. And he's like, let's take my debit card and just take whatever. It won't be much. They were very disappointed. I got mocked by police once. Growing up, I was in a red light and they got in the car and they're like, drive.  At least there's honor among the thieves. There is. Oh, they can be very kind. Yeah. And then and then there was a lot of political turmoil and then kind of financial turmoil. Right. Now, when I grew up, when I was born, the exchange rate was four and four point three. So four point three bolivares for one US dollar. OK. I was like eight or nine. I can recall what I could remember. This was 16 to four X basically. Right. By the time I left college, it was a thousand.  This guy's will call that the based believe are the will you are Fuerte the strong believe? This one's stronger has the serials, right? Right So I want to say that on the believe that I grew up on the week the week one the week one this guy Right now I think the exchange rate would be 3 billion Wait, what 3 billion? I think it's 30,000 but then 3 billion on you know, yeah, so the week the week one. Yeah. Yeah  Give me one. Now you'd have to show up with three billion. That's right. And so, and they literally would be like, you'd be like, how do I carry that? That's right. That's right. That's right. And now in this happens in Venezuela, I haven't been there in a while, but happens in Venezuela. You can see this in Colombia as well in the frontier and the border, even the newer bolivores, which also have been debased and kind of weakened at on they're used for, um, um, like art. Yeah. Arts and crafts. Yeah. So they'll do like, they'll do like a purse made out of the bolivores. So they'll make a little plane.  that products get refactored to maintain the price, but be less. Less quantity, less quality, whatever it may be. So I remember this chocolate that we like growing up that kind of kept the price for a long time. It just got tiny, right? From this to this to this to this to this. So you know and people know, right? And they know it doesn't kind of... The price is the same. What you get is different. Right. So you can also do that, right? And a lot of that happened a ton, right?  to save in a strong currency. For local expenditures, inflation is actually beneficiary in the sense that if the things get debased but your savings get stronger, you can come back and then buy more. And so you're purchasing power and your quality of life doesn't get that affected. If you're saving in the local currency, because you can't take money out  And so it's very easy to like divert responsibility for the indirect tax. And so it's very, very popular for governments, right? It's very useful to them. You're talking about Venezuela. You could be talking about the United States. Yeah. In terms of inflation affecting the poor, in terms of the diversion of blame, in terms of the arguments of exploitation, minimum weight. I mean, all of this stuff is the exact same in the two countries, maybe on a different level of severity.  that tax the inflation is like how who's actually paying that bill and it's not being paid equally it's being paid very unequally and the poor suffer more right because those are the things that they spend more money that's a percentage of income healthcare is a smaller expense than than it is for someone who's poor and so if that goes up you disproportionately hit the poor the poor population there's a study that I will try to find again I'll put in the show this for everyone that looked I think was in the UK so not the United  to maybe two and a half percent. It's kind of a blend across society. 10% every year things are going. I mean, you just can't keep up, right? It's that feeling of everything going up. But I always go back to like the system is doing exactly what it's designed to do. They want to devalue the currency. So people spend or invest and keep velocity of money going. It's just only that like half the population knows that and acts accordingly.  Venezuela like in the US the more so there imagine you're in Venezuela and imagine you have Excess income that can be turned into savings of $75 how do you turn the equivalent in bolivares to $75? What's the financial system that provides that to that saving? How do you do that without being charged? $25 in the transaction or whatever that might be same here, right? I mean it's part of the problem is that it is hard through the financial system  a theme in the world you've written about before, like the dissipation of power. Like this whole idea that maybe the last, I don't know, 50 years or so there was a concentration of power. How do we create more efficiency? Seed and politics, Venezuela is like the perfect example. There's many other countries where consolidation of power leads to bad things, absolute power corrupts absolutely all that. But you all see it in corporations, right? And I think one of these pieces that you wrote was this whole idea that when you have 100 small two person companies,  today. Yeah. So I think the one thing that I would say that it's interesting to consider for people who are kind of strong advocates of decentralization and diffusion of power and so forth is kind of what you're saying that centralization is really valuable. It's like it has a bunch of things. You were referring to a pretty famous book in kind of microeconomic literature called The Theory of the Firm. And so this guy goes through like the logic for why firms are created and companies are created, which is kind of what you want to walk us through. And that's I think exactly so. So it makes sense  And so now it's hard to compete and hard to serve this kind of subset of the market that needs serving. And so now regulation is issued and ensued. And so laws get put together to help us kind of fight. But what turns out is that laws are hard to follow and so more laws are built to protect the core law. Maybe you get a constitution, but then you're like, well, we're going to protect that. So we're going to put some laws.  And so, you know, the guys at the Santa Fe Institute has this idea called like the edge of chaos. And they're like, you know, we live in this kind of in this kind of edge where, you know, people go bankrupt and people die and we suffer. And yet this is where things are going. And so, you know, the guys at the Santa Fe Institute, you know, they're like, oh, I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job. I'm going to get a job  And I think it's pretty patently obvious to everyone right now that China is a real contender. And you look at that in corporations to your point, you see like strong concentration of power on subsections of society and commerce and so forth. And so sometimes you have to work to kind of concentrate more power because it's kind of too diffuse. And sometimes you have to work to kind of diffuse it, to diffuse power. And I think a lot of what I think we'll call on to work on  These are cryptocurrency exchange and have no trading fees or you can get a new Bitcoin rewards credit card. It's a normal credit card that when you swipe, you get Bitcoin back rather than cash back or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too when you go to blockfi.com slash pump again, blockfi.com slash pump. Go check it out and let me know what you think. All right, let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it. It almost feels like a moderation is good, right? Yeah. Too much decentralization.  and at some point yelling, you know, break the kingdom, you know, and some more time of history saying, let's bring the kingdoms together and let's consolidate. And I think you probably are remaining principled, you know, by doing things that seem very opposite. I do feel that we're at a point where a lot of like, let's break the kingdoms feels important to me, right? I tend to agree. Bitcoin is interesting because  evaluated given that you could use so many different frameworks. Yeah. Well, I'll say this perhaps on some historical context. And so I remember the first time I heard about it was by a colleague, which actually was actually ex-Facebook and joined my startup before we joined Facebook. And, you know, like a bright, strong libertarian. And it was like, this thing is the future. And I remember thinking, you know, the typical concerns around kind of government regulation and, you know, and the laws that provide coinage and all this type of stuff.  have argued for this, have argued for like the Fed should aim to control inflation, to have an inflation target, which should be independent of the fiscal policy. So one thing is how much money we're going to spend as a government to achieve the government goals, and that should remain independent of the Fed goal, which should be to manage inflation. That's really hard for it to happen, right? Independent. The independence. But it's important.  high in Bitcoin that may become possible. I think the idea of like same predictable monetary policy is I think is a noncontroversial position among many economists. Basically, what you're arguing is if you take widely accepted kind of consensus view, traditional economic viewpoints like predictability, like independence of the Fed or central bank or whatever, and you apply it to the lens of Bitcoin, there's checks. That gets you 30 percent there. Yeah.  The rest is that you realize how hard it is to accomplish that. And you realize that the monetary policy of a nation is really powerful, that it can be used as a diplomatic tool in other nations, that it can be used as a domestic policy tool to pass a bunch of money to a bunch of people or whatever that might be in a way that is not organic. So that one piece is you realize  Price is the way we discover truth in the market. And so if you tinker with prices because of foreign or domestic policy objectives and you're not just indirectly taxing the wrong people, you're not making it also hard, you actually screwed up the market mechanism. And I've seen in practice efforts to subvert the market mechanism for like a top down mechanism and it does not work.  So it means that no one can grab power over it. And so going back to the other point is that when you look at this concentration of power, what Bitcoin has is it has the property of diffusion of power. No one has to be in control. And that's a notion that is very scary and very it's not clear if that's going to work or not. I mean, we've tried full concentration of power. That doesn't quite work well. We tried kind of market plus governments and it works better, but it has a bunch of issues.  It's happening. They're being migrated. The hash power has dropped dramatically. Is the network threatened or unsecured? And so I think the magic here is that we've come up with a way of effectively defuse power without becoming chaotic. But the opposite. There's no concentration of power and we get full predictability. I think when you see all of that, you're like, well, to your point, it still has to play out. But you're like, this is a worthy experiment, if nothing else.  time. Like maybe the internet, right? Is probably like the other big one where you're like, okay, like there's kind of like this distributed system where people all kind of work together. Information can flow back and forth and, um, yeah, there's some centralization here or there that actually makes it work and whatever. But when you look at this, you're like, I can't really think of that many other things that if this becomes what it has the promise to become will be more important. Right. And value has kind of all kinds of, you know, subjective type things that you can apply. Like, is it priced in below?  description of making think thinking it's perfect in so far as it's very narrow Like it does one thing that doesn't do more and it's here's a clear meaning transparent predictable a permission less not sensible monetary policy, which is What I think there's some people who don't agree with this and some guys in the New York Times will go and write about the importance of like active monetary policy and  important. How important is it that we just saw kind of the exact opposite over the last 12, 18 months or whatever with basically completely unpredictable monetary policy, emergency interest rate cuts, trillions of dollars of quantitative easing. Like it almost feels like we basically over the last decade or so have seen Bitcoin gain adoption slowly but surely and kind of chugging along technology continue to work. Individuals were really kind of a challenge.  Maybe I can't even describe why, but this is interesting because this other thing is chaos. Yeah. Well, I think there's one side of the argument that's against that or in front of that, which is that I think maybe the Bitcoin community tends to, I think, understate the power of the US dollar. The United States is an insanely powerful country. It has an insanely strong economy. So I think the US, the  make a string of mistakes and that they're still there because kind of the core business is so powerful. And you see that in technology all the time. The US can kind of screw up many things from now to the immediate future and remain, I believe, particularly as it pertains to the strength of the US dollar. But I do think that when you look at like if you when you look at what the dollar can buy and when you look at the purchasing power, particularly domestically, right.  That's in the US if you're outside of the US if you're in Salvador if you're in Venezuela then then they Because the US dollar is used as a kind of diplomat diplomatic kind of nonviolent intervention tool Then I think the reciprocation out of that kind of made proof to be important for them And then the question is that going back to the US how how again? What's what will remain for a very long time and hopefully forever like a strong? Economy and an open society that takes on talent and so forth  to some degree, just having grown up. And then Bitcoin technology, I think you understand pretty well as well. And so you put those two things together. Most people are evaluating this from the American perspective, right? I look at it like, oh, this is amazing. They're going to go give Bitcoin to everybody. How do you think of it? Is it a dangerous thing? Is it a positive thing? Is it like a wait and see? And like there's action that needs to be behind the words or like, just like what, how do you evaluate something like that? I'm not sure.  of as many people as possible before, you know, governments start to get involved just because I think the power of what it can be will be stronger, the more kind of distributed and the more in the hands of more people. And so I kind of get a little bit nervous. But I do think that if I want to be optimistic, I think the idea of a government thinking through the future and how they can participate in it and how can they kind of do lip frogging, I think it's important. So I'll give you an example.  institutions and services and kind of economy in these economies are old and inefficient and expensive and unfair and so What hope what it's interesting for me is that if if the financial kind of systems of this country's can a leapfrog By opting this technology, I think that's really really important. That's one so I think lightning becomes really interesting part of that story for me and so that's one and in the other piece is that I think I think it's important if these countries can get early in a store of value that has some space for  in that entire region. There's always this belief that you continue to rise in power. And then when you get the power, it's kind of like, what do you do with it? Right. And probably more so maybe the African continent, but more so than anywhere else in the world, South and Central America has seen the negative sides of what can happen with consolidated power. And it feels like when something like this occurs, there's an argument of like, Oh, this could be used in a negative way.  They think that they can organize resources in society better. There's a self affirmation or they basically benefit from the perks of being powerful and in it you essentially lay out and I forget who this argument comes from but it's like if you don't do the things that everyday people do very quickly you almost lose touch with the everyday people. And so I think the examples that are used are like, if you don't make your own coffee, if you don't drive your own car, like all this stuff for no other reason than just you don't do  of compassion to some degree with people who hold a lot of power. You see people who hold a lot of power in big corporations, technology, and otherwise always in an impossible situations, right? Almost they don't want the power. And you see, for example, Jack Dorsey at Twitter advocating for this Blue Sky project that effectively... And it takes power out of him and you see him on the interviews that has, or whatever, the subpoenas that has been asked to attend to in Congress.  Yeah, we're probably the problem is power and we now have a kind of anti power or the illusion of power, the illusion of power kind of technology that it's now available. Jack is so fascinating because I'm pretty sure he explicitly says around all the de-platforming, shutting accounts, all stuff, he's like, I don't want to be the one doing this, right? Or like we basically, this is not something we signed up for, right? We have to do the best we can to do what we can  the power. It feels to me that Jack, kind of raising his hand and saying, we have to find a better way without us being the ones making these decisions. That's going to be a very unique path. Most of the times it's going to just be more of technology taking the power regardless of what the incumbents think. We'll see. I think if I have to guess, it's like, think about Jack in a meeting, in a content moderation meeting. I can't imagine anyone enjoying that meeting. Right? Do you imagine that being  API interface between the courts and Facebook. And I will go and say, I think this is harassment. And then we have a, we have content court. We have laws for this. We have amendments for this. We have the civil rights. We have laws that we have decided in the democratic environment that decide if that is harassment or not, and if it's punishable by law or not. And so I will click and then some guy in court, it will be a computer go like, okay, now we're now