 Alright guys, bang bang, I've got Jack here with me. Thanks so much for doing this, man. Yeah, of course. Fun to be here. Thanks for having me. You're a fascinating guy because you are an investor, but you don't invest in outside companies. You invest in companies that you and your partners and your team create internally. So pure incubation. One of those businesses I want to start off with, just to explain the model, is HIMS, which is a multi-billion dollar company that you guys took public recently.  testing distribution even before we create companies. So HIMSS was an exercise of the healthcare system can use a lot of work. I mean, it's pretty broken in a lot of areas. It's unfortunate. 33 cents of every dollar in the economy goes through it and people are actually, you know, life expectancy is going down. So we were trying to think about, you know, what are ways that we can improve that telemedicine is an obvious one that's really interesting. And we tested a number of ideas and, um, believe it or not, hair loss just tested off the charts. I mean, it's  things that we found in telemedicine in general is that stigmatized conditions, things that people are embarrassed about, that they don't necessarily want to go to their doctor about and talk about, those tend to be very undertreated. And hair loss was kind of like a really, really good beachhead for men's health overall, where you have so many people that are suffering from it. You have such a good treatment that works really well with very minimal side effects. And the interest in it was just astounding. I mean, we knew we had kind of struck gold just based on those distribution tests we did early on. And from there, we just set out to build  And for a while, I've always said that Propecia, and I forget the other pill, is widespread among men between like 25, 35 years old, but none of them talk about it with each other. It's not like, I think kind of, it's known that women are very collaborative in terms of recommending products and like all this stuff to each other, but men not so much. And then as men kind of phase out and they start to try to have kids and all this stuff, then they start looking, oh, should I still take it? Should I not? And whatever. But when you talk about testing the distribution,  And what those companies created is this idea of the virtual doctor visit. So kind of like primary care. You're sick, you need something. Instead of going to an office, you go to an app and they treat you for things. And our thesis was, well, the thing you really learn about consumers on the internet is they're activated by like very specific pain points. So in that case, you're competing with the waiting room. You're competing with the process of getting employment, all of that stuff, as opposed to acute things people are suffering from. So if you advertise those things that people are suffering from,  about it, but for whatever reason, they weren't going to the doctor. And that's kind of this almost telemedicine 2.0 model of focus on the condition, use telemedicine to diagnose it and then treat people digitally. What you're really talking about here is one of the most important things, if not the most important thing when starting a business is picking the right market. Right. And so you're essentially in a very kind of methodical way saying, okay, we think telemedicine is interesting, but we're not going to put capital and time and resources behind this until we really understand exactly what we're going to go do. And so do you  leads to contrived ideas that aren't as good as there's a problem in the world. A lot of people are suffering from something. How do you solve it? And thinking creatively about how to solve it and focus on the solution and test the solution, make sure it is as big of a problem that you thought it was and that that is the right solution for the problem. So, you know, we have like 600 ideas for companies at this point. A lot of those are observed problems in the world. They could be problems people have. They could be problems companies have. They could be problems in specific industries like healthcare,  off of that. And increasingly as atomic increases and we have more and more employees across our companies and across our firm, people also contribute ideas, which is great. Venture capitalists sometimes come to us with ideas. They'll say, hey, we've studied this market. We think that there's something here. We've looked at 10 companies. We don't think any of them are doing it right. Hey, Jack and team, if you could build this company, we would love to fund it and partner on the Series A. So that's another way that we do it. And then B2B companies, interestingly, a lot of our most  Basancies and new white spaces that lead to more ideas, you know Software is eating the world. It's like the biggest thing that's happening in the world People don't talk about it enough and the problem is as people from the technology industry. We don't always understand those industries We don't know how they operate. We don't know why we don't you know, we might observe that they're messed up But we don't know why once you're in that industry you understand it so much better You understand the players why is it backward? Why was the system created this way?  And they're from day one of the creation of the business. Yeah, it's a great question. Well, I got my start pretty early. I started starting companies at age 15. My dad came to the US to get his PhD at MIT without a dollar to his name, slept on a concrete basement floor and a sleeping bag because he couldn't afford housing. Where was he from? He moved across the world. He was actually born in Southern Lebanon in a farming family and worked his way to the best science and engineering school in France. And then to the US, he came here, not even  So that was good. Oh very probably cuz like child labor laws, you know, I probably couldn't have gotten paid cash anyway But it ended up working out and I just got hooked so I started starting companies at age 15 Went to Wharton undergrad I had a professor that offered me a half million dollars to drop out and start a company which I took him up on moved out to the West Coast and sold my first company to eBay when I was 24 years old and When you're when you're at Wharton, why does the professor come to you specifically? What did you already have the idea?  these people. So I just put my head down. I like got near perfect GPA because I just, I like hustled. I just wanted to make sure I could beat them and like be the best. And then after that, I was kind of like, this is kind of cool, but I don't know how much of this I'm going to use throughout my life. I'm going to actually just like stop kind of going to class and start working on ideas. And I kept inventing ways to like not have to go to class. So one way to not go to class is you do an independent study with a professor. There's a professor happened to like entrepreneurship. So I created this independent  buy-off line phenomenon. The internet has a massive amount of information about products, how good they are, ratings, reviews, prices, et cetera. But most of the purchasing still occurs in the physical economy. And there wasn't a bridge between those two systems. So we created a company called Milo that searched those stores just like Kayak searches flights. And we would search their inventory systems in real time. And we tell you, here are all the products that are available near you. Here's the ratings, here's the reviews, here's who has the best price, and then help you go and actually buy it at a physical store instead.  with them or I was supposed to stay. And I'm just like a big believer in not wasting time. I've heard so many stories about founders languishing like after your company gets acquired and they're miserable and I'm just not going to do that. I'm going to work really hard. I'm going to go try to like bust my ass and do some really cool things while I'm here and try to learn. Like this was the first time I could learn on someone else's dime was how I thought about it. So I started starting tons of these different product groups under me to build products for eBay. And a lot of  and brands and different people, buyers and sellers and get a feed on the homepage. And we built that really quickly and it was an awesome experience while I was there. And I worked really closely with the CEO, John Donahoe, while I was there. He now runs Nike. He's an amazing person. He was a mentor to me. And he was so kind to me that he was like, after two years of eBay, I was like, I don't think I can do the third year. He gave me the third year. So the world works out sometimes. If you work really hard, people are nice.  listening to things. And I got, I was, you know, maybe every three days I'd come up with an idea for the company on this commute for a new company. And I wrote it down and, um, you know, I took all the other ideas that I had. And by the time I was ready to leave eBay, I had 250 ideas for my next company. And I put two and two together, which was to say, you know, Hey, if I can build these companies for eBay, these products, and you know, there's no upside for anyone that works on them. There's a lot of organizational inertia working against you and building that. Why can't you do that with startups from first principles?  And over time, that's kind of what we've perfected in our process. We hold our time very sacred. We think there's like a huge power law on how time is spent. And we take only the very best things and we put a lot behind them. We put a lot of capital and a lot of time. When you have 250 or 600 ideas on a list, you can go test. So you can say, hey, telemedicine is interesting. Let's go run ads and figure out what in telemedicine. How do you pare down 250 or 600 to 10? Right. That seems to be almost the most  to  Second way we do it is my partners and I we've all started billion dollar companies before and You know, we're good at building products ourselves. So if we're really passionate about something, we'll really drive it internally We have about 40 people at atomic that are expert company builders. And if we find something that's really great We'll start it we'll build the product. We'll try to get it to some semblance of scale It could be millions of dollars of revenue it could be in some cases been as high as like 25 million in bookings and then our job is to replace ourselves like  I don't think they want people breathing down their necks. And that method has been very, very effective and something that we've continued to develop and lean into. From a data perspective, how many companies, you said there's about 40 people, how much money you think you've invested? What do you think like the total portfolio, just whatever data you're comfortable sharing in terms of just like progress or like how well it's gone. Yeah, it's gone really well. We've started a couple dozen companies at this point. Last year was a project.  can take the people and we can put them on a better idea and we're aligned with our investors in that. But if we're signed up and we raise outside capital from people, we're going to try to make it work come hell or high water. So it's a really, really high bar that we have internally for deciding ultimately what we want to work on. And when you think about maybe something like Open Store, which is a new company that you and Keith R. Boy have worked together on to launch. How does that come together?  And she came to me and the first question she asked me was really interesting. She asked me How do I sell my company and I said that's interesting, you know, most people don't ask me that typically it's not typically the first question Okay, like let's go into the business more and she said, you know, we develop organic skincare products 85% gross margin I said great how many people come back and purchase your product 88% of them come back Wow, fantastic. They come back to your site. They put in their credit card number over and over again. She was like, yeah  and  a  of experts at company building. Right. And so it's almost like in some weird way, there's tons of expertise, there's tons of capabilities, tons of experience from the table, but somebody's got to be the CEO. Somebody's got to do the work, et cetera. Like, how do you kind of think through evaluating that in that situation? Yeah, it was an interesting conversation. You know, we were like, should we be co-CEO? Should someone else be CEO? How do we kind of go about this? And, you know, we settled on Keith being the CEO, which is awesome. And I'm super excited.  in the company, like an unbelievable team to go after this. And, you know, from me start building so many companies and investing personally in him, you know, investing in so many companies and operating and whatnot, you really learn like, okay, who do you need in the team? Who's missing? Why, how are we going to find them? And, you know, so many of the conversations early on have been, how do we assemble this super team? Who's missing? How do we get them? And we prioritize that. And we've been very successful in building an awesome team so far.  looked at the Rolodex and said, okay, we need a GC, right? Who's the best that we know? And I'm like, okay, let's just go get them. And I think that there's a difference because I know that him and it'd be interesting to hear your thoughts on this. Keith specifically thinks about, you don't have to iterate your way to success. Like you can just say, hey, the world needs this and like you can go build it. And so same thing with talent, right? Of just like, that's the best person we're gonna go do whatever it takes to go hire them to come join us. And so from a product development standpoint, are you kind of at the similar mindset or do you  to purchase the businesses, correct? Which is a lot. Yep. And then the technology, explain what the limitations there are. The technology to underwrite the companies, to put them on a common platform, to improve them over time. I mean, we're great at building technology. That's like in both of our sweet spots. So we understand that very, very well. So those two things actually don't seem tremendously risky. And it's pretty obvious if you get those right, you're going to have a really, really, really big company. So,  Facebook, there's Google, and you have to acquire customers either through marketing or sales. So we iterate so much on the unit economics. And you can actually, we figured out ways to do that very, very inexpensively with limited amounts of capital. And once we've nailed that, and only once we've nailed that, then do we decide to scale the company up. And actually in that process, if that's kind of what you're trying to optimize for, sometimes having too much resources, too many cooks in the kitchen, it can actually be distracting.  to buy and sell cryptocurrencies online. They've got a brand new mobile app, the Kraken app. Today, you can go on and buy Bitcoin or up to 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies in the world. And you can do that on the go 24 seven. All you have to do is simply download the app, connect your bank account, and you can get started investing with as little as $10. It only takes a minute to get started. With the new Kraken app, you'll have your portfolio in your pocket. You can track your portfolio, see who the winners and losers are,  of distribution over ideas. That's a very unique way of thinking about it. There's a kind of an old saying, I don't know, Paul Graham or whoever it's like first time entrepreneurs focus on the product. Second time entrepreneurs focus on a kind of distribution, right? When you talk about distribution, is it just total adjustable market? Is it your ability to communicate with that market? Is it a cost thing, right? Like unpack a little bit distribution and kind of what that means and how you think about, oh, this has great distribution and therefore we should go pursue it versus  sometimes Facebook's algorithm will trick you and make you think you have a great company and then you get it to some millions of revenue and it kind of peters out. Scalability is really, really, really important and it's related to broadly how big of a problem you're solving. If you're solving a really big problem and it's going to resonate with a lot of people, you're going to reach a ton of people and you're going to improve a lot of people's lives and it's going to be a great company. And when you think through, let's say the sustainability of economics or the scaleability  out there and nine times out of 10 startups fail because they hit that distribution wall. So we just pull that wall up to day zero and we say, if we can't get through that wall, we're not even going to start the company. We almost don't care if this is a good idea in the abstract. We want to work on ideas that matter. And that's really kind of the focus and the secret of how we've we've been able to scale so many companies so quickly. And each successive company is scaling faster than the last. It's reaching million dollar ARR, you know, some kind of milestone that we  They've got distribution, but there's some misalignment. There's some place where the business actually is greedy in hindsight. But it seems like you guys have really nailed down how to avoid that. And so just how do you think about, okay, hair loss, great. That's a huge problem. Telemedicine, we think is the solution. How do we make money? How do we actually build a business model that is scalable, sustainable, but aligns everyone here so that we don't get three years down the road and realize that somebody else came up and kind of stole the customers' money.  And if you start off with, you know, the CAC down here and the LTV way up here, you have a lot of room for error. So we try to look for companies like that. If we're doing testing and they're a little bit closer to here or they're like here, we're just not going to start the company. We have 600 ideas. We have such high opportunity costs for our time. We just don't want to be working on it. Is there a magic number? Like, is it a four times LTV to CAC and you're like, okay, if we're there or better than like, that's a green light, or is it more kind of case by case and you got to kind of feel out based  is really smart because you give yourself a lot of wiggle room. Yeah, makes sense. Another theme other than distribution of ideas is a democratization of access. You can see this in a ton of stuff that you guys have done. Yeah. Just any thoughts or insights there in terms of why that's such a big theme that you're focused on? Yeah, it's something that we're really passionate about. I think that one of the great patterns for ideas is taking things that the rich have access to, whether that's like  And now everyone uses it in the world and everyone basically as a private driver where you can press a button on your phone and a car shows up, which is magical. So we think about the world a lot in that way. We try to buy. We try to we try to start a lot of companies that take things that people already want, but that are very expensive. And how do we make them cheap and how do we make them accessible and how do we give that kind of an experience or product to a lot of people? And it's almost always a recipe for a good company because of people.  what do the 40 people at Atomic do? Are these all software engineers and it's, you know, somebody comes off the mountain and says, hey, we're gonna go build this company and they all get to work. Is it kind of a more well-rounded team of like various disciplines? It's a pretty big team to kind of do this over and over and over again. So what exactly do they do on a databases? Yeah, it's a good question. So a lot of the most talented people in the world that I know, they can't actually just work on one idea. It's like,  how to rev the human processor from like 10% to like 30% or maybe 40% because people are capable of so much if you give them the opportunity to work on high value things. And it turns out a lot of the most talented people in the world want that they, you know, they don't want to be bored. They want to be engaged. They want to work on really big things that matter. So we've tried to find the very best people in design engineering, but also things like, you know, things entrepreneurs don't tend to like to deal with, which is really a great way to take things off their plate.  You can bring a SWAT team of like amazing people to day zero when you're company building that know what they're doing. This is what they do. They do it in their sleep and you can build incredibly quickly when they come and they do this. How much of it is okay in the beginning? I'm actually doing the work. Let's say I'm an expert at sales, right? I'm doing the work six months later. I'm helping to hire somebody to come in and by month 12, now I'm a coach, right? Is that kind of a natural  is the companies start taking off and they need us less and less. So it's a gradual progression. But a lot of companies do choose to continue using like this shared team of services that we provide because it lets them stay focused on the things that actually really matter about companies, which is the product, the customer. How do you solve the problem? How do you get that to scale as opposed to these other 18 hats you typically have to wear as a founder? And it actually takes kind of like a lot of the things that people don't enjoy about companies.  Why did you stay? And then how did you convince some of the early folks to go ahead and come check it out and end up moving here? Yeah. So, um, you know, I had a bunch of friends that were trying to convince me for a while to come to Miami and Hey, let's spend a week together. Seven friends primarily from New York. Why don't you come join us? And finally I gave in. I was like, okay, well we'll do the Miami trip. So we did the Miami trip. We were supposed to stay for seven days and four days into the trip. I actually got COVID. Oh, okay.  amazing places to live and who's here. And I just fell in love with the city. I just said, man, this place is absolutely incredible. And in July, I found a house I liked, put in an offer, was in contract, bought a place in August. And from that point forward, you know, I just regularly catch up with people on Zooms, you know, a lot of people who runs, you know, big firms, big venture capital firms, a lot of founders, things like that. And the perennial question you always got during COVID was where are you? So people would say, where are you? And I'd say Miami.  I think it's great and a lot I think it's interesting. Was it because they were looking for somewhere to go or was it like they were running almost like running from something or running to something or maybe it's a mix? It probably was a little bit of a mix. You know, I think one of the most important things like historically as we look at this period of covid that it did for the United States is a decoupled location and opportunity. It used to be you had to live in a specific area to participate in opportunity in the economy.  And I think a lot of people had the same thought. They gave it up. They gave it a try and they said, wow, this is incredible. And there are massive advantages to being here. I mean, we're more productive than we've ever been. We're building more faster than we ever have. And I'm a big believer in the ecosystem and how it can be a big part of the future of technology. Yeah. I was talking about happier here. Yeah. And yeah, it's a weird thing to say. It feels kind of woo woo. Like, you know, what does that mean? Uh, but there's this balance between the two.