 All right, so welcome, everyone. You've got myself, Michael Moro, CEO of Genesis Trading. Today, we are going to talk about corporate treasuries, buying Bitcoin, pros and cons, who's doing it, why they may be doing it, and most importantly, how they are doing it. Michael, thank you so much for joining us today. Thanks for having me. Happy to be here. Absolutely. Let's maybe just get started with a quick overview of Genesis and kind of your position  effectively to institutional clients, whatever they want, frankly, within the cryptocurrency space.  in 2014. Corporations would not be thinking about doing this because the pipes and the bridges and tunnels and roads have not been built yet to be able to service them adequately. For one, I think it really kind of, we started in 2013, but there were no futures, there was no borrow lending, custodians, was it really a thing? It would have been way too early. I think how far the space has come away  institutions. And at the very least, it was, let's study it. Let's take a look. Let's see how it works. And that's what really kind of got them down the rabbit hole. Got it. And so when you think about if you're sitting in that seat, let's say you're the treasurer, the CFO, or another executive at a corporation, it feels like there's probably two main goals. And you correct me if I'm wrong. One is they want to protect the value that they have on that balance sheet. And then two is there's potential options.  of can we protect the value of what we have? That's one. And to your point, yes, it'd be great if there is a possibility for us to increase value and have that. But number three, and I'll put this in a separate category is the digitization, the tokenization of assets is real and we should get comfortable with digital wallets, right? This idea of working with traditional custodians  nomenclature you want to use is, but also it seems like more and more people are interested in the yield that can be generated. What are you seeing when it comes to maybe the growing of the asset base? It's not the main focus, but it seems like people don't mind the fact that there could be yield to generate here. And so what have you learned in conversations on that front? Most of the time, treasurers don't have like new things to invest in. Right. Typically they buy very, very boring plain vanilla, you know, like government bonds.  with corporations, particularly kind of doing this. At the same time, we have developed borrowing and lending markets. And so you can say, okay, I want to buy Bitcoin and lend it out and earn yield on my Bitcoin. That's one. And number two is I don't have to liquidate that Bitcoin to get liquidity. So I could post my Bitcoin as collateral and get US dollar borrowings against it. Should I have some needs kind of on the fiat side?  even more useful as an asset if you don't actually have to sell it and incur like the tax gains and losses and all of that stuff. Absolutely. So today, if a treasurer or CFO, corporate executive comes to you and says, hey, you know, we're trying to think about Bitcoin as part of a diversified portfolio of assets, what's your response? Or how do you kind of explain to somebody why they should have that Bitcoin exposure? So I think it's really important, first of all, that like companies kind of go into this.  And most of the time, people focus on the trade, right? They're like, how do I do this? How do I talk to the trader and how does the settlement occur and all of it? But in most instances, and I tell everybody this, the trade is the easy part. That is the last step in what is often three to six months of diligence about how it works. And my first question is, does legal know about this? Or have you talked to accounting about this?  of diligence around the asset class to make sure they know what they're getting themselves into. Who's doing this? Is this just like the crypto and Bitcoin ludites who have infiltrated a corporation? Is it crypto companies? Is this kind of traditional technology companies? Like who are you seeing actually be interested in it? And then who's executing on it? So obviously throughout 2020, there was a ton of focus on the micro strategies and the Teslas  Over time, as I think the press journalists kind of picked up on Bitcoin as treasury, it expanded. So one of the first things we noticed was Latin America. It was non-US clients, both public and private in Latin America, trying to say, how do I do this? I'm interested. I am a FinTech. There is a crypto payments play to my business. And I feel like I need to have a crypto  inflation hedge plays really, really well with your native country has like 40, 50% inflation of kind of your fiat currency. And so I think the Bitcoin narrative, I think really kind of took hold. And then there was Southeast Asia. And we started to see tremendous demand from companies and corporations in Southeast Asia that again had either, you know, maybe some capital control restrictions, or there were questions about, hey, how do I move funds around the world easily? Starting to kind of take an interest.  large blue chip, publicly traded companies. I think there's a lot of rumors about some of that, but not necessarily so much action yet. So just when you look at kind of the spectrum of industry and also maybe sophistication or conservatism, any insights there that you've gleaned from the conversations or the partners you guys have worked with? Let's separate out companies that have actually done something versus the companies that are like in the diligence studying, how does this work mode, right? The biggest  Bitcoin play, especially if you don't have a crypto angle or a FinTech bent to your company. I certainly have a lot more explaining to do to their shareholders as to why they're doing this in Bitcoin. And so reputationally and firm, they have way more to protect, I think. So they're on the studying side. The execution side are going to be the smaller. We've seen a lot more private companies than public as far as who's ultimately kind of doing it.  just based on that, I think you end up with more private clients. Frankly, as a public company, a lot of the issues matter. Tax, accounting, legal, all that matters, but the key difference is the public disclosure. What is material? What do I need to disclose to shareholders? Do I file an 8K? What's the materiality test? All of that stuff, I think, plays into it. Do I disclose this as a risk factor in my 10K? Do I need to establish  And so, you know, there's a go big or go home element to it. I think that it said, Hey, if we're going to do this, let's really do this. And, and, and for, you know, for, for one reason or another, I think they're saying, let's, let's wait until this feels like the water is a bit warmer. Do you have an idea of what that threshold is that kind of makes it worth it? You said 1% probably is too small. Is it like a 5% or is it like 25% in any kind of thoughts there? So the smaller companies, frankly, start with one thing.  And some companies are like, do I build my own storage wallets, cold storage, all of it, or do I work with an independent third party regulated custodian to ultimately kind of get that done? Even that decision of trying to think through which custodian do I work with is a hassle. Because you got to do tech diligence, insurance, liability, all of that stuff. And so they say, wait, I'm just going to wait until there's a Bitcoin ETF. I'm just going to wait until there's a Bitcoin ETF.  Do companies dropping gold to do this? Do companies that you talk to have gold on their balance sheet? Do they kind of skip over that as a store of value option? Does that come up in conversation at all? It's funny, obviously our affiliates, grayscale guys, we're on this drop gold campaign. A lot of these corporate's never had it. They had nothing to drop. And so that's been really, really interesting for us is that they haven't really thought about this.  putting them into the chat. And then after another 10 or 15 minutes, I'll start just reading out the questions and we'll do our best to get them all answered, but just use that chat functionality to what send us your questions. Michael, I want to talk about how to actually do it. The actual execution of this. So I'm a CFO, a treasurer, corporate executive. I've done my homework. You've, you know, I've talked with you. You've basically scared the hell out of me in terms of the risk disclosures and all the things that I'm gonna have to do. And I say, you know what? I'm still convicted. I want to do this, whether it's 1% or 10%,  balance sheet. This is the tax implications. This is the AML KYC and the provenance of Bitcoins to know that three holders ago, it wasn't used to buy guns and drugs on the internet. Like all of that stuff still matters, especially to like public corporations that have shareholders and there's kind of reputational risk associated with kind of get involved in the asset class. Now, let's see, you've done all that. Next question is who's authorized to trade? Who can we take  in the marketplace. These guys do have any interest in moving the market. And so whatever time horizon for the $10 million trade I want to do is kind of the T-WAP that I kind of want to run it for. And so they buy a little bit every single hour across all the various liquidity avenues available to Genesis. And then we just kind of pass along kind of the execution, all the prices and fills that they got filled out of various places. And that's ultimately how the actual trade is ultimately  But like, and like I said, all of this is done at the actual trade execution might be done in an hour, three hours, six hours. And all from time to time, be like, I just want to fill, just fill me. Then, okay. So on market, you know, within five seconds, you'll do a million dollar trade or a $5 million trade. And then we settle the transaction and ultimately that gets done. But the larger transactions kind of the 50 million, 100 million kind of larger guys are way more be doing over 24 hours, 48 hours. Let's not move the market and just kind of get me done.  can you go do that without moving the market? What you guys are really doing is you're almost serving as an intermediary or a desk for them that goes and hits all these different liquidity providers and you're buying up Bitcoin on various different avenues or liquidity points. And then you're bringing it all back and you eventually fill an entire nine-figure order, but because you're doing it at so many different venues, that's really what you're doing. And over a period of time, that's how you're preventing the actual market price moving.  $99.95 or just walk me through the fees that are usually associated with something like this. On a regular T-WOP transaction, technically, Genesis isn't taking any risk. We're just serving as the middleman liquidity provider and then passing along the execution cost plus the Genesis fee. Then the Genesis fee can be a basis point, two basis points. We're not talking large numbers in terms of actual basis points, but  Ultimately, number one is liquidity. And it is a much bigger asset class. The market cap is higher. The 24-hour volume is much higher. So it is way less illiquid than it used to be. It truly used to be an illiquid asset. Now it's about as illiquid an asset as you can possibly find. And I think that makes it certainly easier to source, kind of buys and sells. Number two, certainly I think competition  we are and I can clip some yield by selling some options against a portion of my position. That is a way for me to kind of get that. Now I may want to lend some out to Genesis or borrow against all of that stuff. So I think there's lots of other ways for them to have economics that Genesis is able to make the money that is not necessarily in that, you know, like that, with that one trade. And then what about privacy, right? So if I'm a big corporation in the public or private markets, and I want to do this, I'm probably worried about people finding  10 billion of transactions with corporations. And we have not, there's no rumor in the marketplace that somebody kind of did something with Genesis, I think kind of speaks to confidentiality and how has here we ultimately kind of take it. And two, we talk about removing intermediaries from kind of this decentralized marketplace and ecosystem around crypto. There's a lot of benefit to having an intermediary in this instance of somebody going out to the marketplace and doing the execution for you.  if you're sending the Bitcoin to an address for kind of a third party custodian, that's one thing. If you guys are helping to provide that, that's another thing. What does that security look like through both the sourcing, the settlement process and storage, and then also insurance or any sort of safeguards or safety nets that are provided in the process? Ultimately, as it relates to the custody piece, we all talk about tech. We all talk about, hey, we have best of luck,  full credit on tech, which ultimately comes down to two things. One's brand. Are you standing behind your product? Who are you? Are you known in the marketplace? Do you have something to lose if something should happen? And number two is insurance. And who is your insurance underwriter? How much premium coverage do you do? How do you segregate assets? All of that stuff. And frankly, that is probably the longest part of the diligence process.  on the minds of our clients.  So our whole kind of ethos around Genesis has been institutions are coming. They're going to want to work with regulated entities as kind of their trusted counterparty. And so we should strive for the kind of the high  entity that we can ultimately face. The same thing on the custody side. I think they're like, okay, how are you regulated as a custodian? Do you have the appropriate licenses? Do you have SOC 2 certification? How are the cryptography certifications that you ultimately have? All of these things, I think, speaks to a lot to picking vendors and who you work with and why, especially because they're kind of questions. They're like, where did you source the Bitcoin?  talk track? Do you get questions on it? Or is that something that maybe the mainstream press has run with but hasn't quite caught on yet in the conversations with corporations? It's somewhere in the middle, I'd say. So it's funny, our core clients are like, I want the cheap Bitcoin. Right? Like, give me the cheapest Bitcoin out there. And because they obviously have a different mandate as far as returning capital to their investors. Right? And so, but corporations have brands, they have  getting involved in certain ESO classes, but at the worst, neutral to the environment. And so lots of conversations around, can I buy Bitcoin that is obviously 100% renewable energy money? You can't really do that today, but I think that'll certainly narrative change over time. And then there's carbon tax credits. Can I buy the Bitcoin and then can I buy some offsets? And then yes, that makes my all-in cost of Bitcoin more expensive, right?  or kind of initial contact with companies actually lead to the trigger being pulled. So top of funnel, hey, we had a discussion with a company, what percentage of those folks actually end up buying Bitcoin and putting on the balance sheet? So there are lots of companies who frankly impressed me in that they've done a lot of the legwork before they reach out. So they know who their service providers are, they know who they want to work with and give us a call. Those guys are like, give me 24 hours, 48 hours of diligence,  ever like invest in, like definitively say no to Bitcoin investment. It's always maybe not this year, but certainly kind of within the next 12 to 24 months. And so it's hard to say how many people have executed ultimately because there's so many guys, we're on this next year or whatnot. But as far as like counter parties that have transacted with us so far, it's probably somewhere around 30 to 40 different clients have done transactions.  I'll separate it out in two different ways. Most companies are saying, hey, I'm the 1% to 2%, and so they don't really need to borrow dollars to go out and do it. And frankly, I think that's the more prevalent client base as opposed to the Michael Saylor issuing debt into the marketplace and doing a levered long play into Bitcoin. That's not by any means the typical strategy as it relates to do it. Now, we have seen companies that said, I want to buy Bitcoin,  in the future?  So what companies have to do then is resort to non-GAAP measures. And frankly, I think a lot of non-GAAP disclosures and things like that, again, get a bad rap for showing something that's inconsistent with accounting guidelines, but this forces you to actually tell what's ultimately happening. Now, as Bitcoin becomes more of an investible asset, I'm hopeful that you are able to actually get mark-to-market treatment of Bitcoin and sort of move it above the line, higher up kind of on the asset side.  seen interest from as low as high schools that have Bitcoin allocation for their high school endowment situations, like private schools, obviously, within the US. And so, yes, absolutely. We've seen interest from all kinds of different groups. And frankly, people that I never would have characterized as likely being Bitcoin holders, private high schools would not have made my top 10 list.  or circulating supply of Bitcoin available for purchase at any given time. And certainly, if you're a long Bitcoin, I think you should welcome way more of long-term, longer-time horizon investors into the marketplace. And so I would 100% believe that when we're at the marketplace, we're actually going out and buying Bitcoin. So any of that stuff, I think, is certainly a positive into the ecosystem, especially if  I think that's, you know, and I'll put corporates in the institutional investor bucket. And what do we find across institution investors in general is that they have a strategy, they have a plan, and they generally stick to their plan as to why they're doing, you know, what they're doing and when they're ultimately doing it. And so days like today are going to be days in which, okay, is this like when we double down? Is this when we go from one person  Recently, US SEC commissioner said the SEC needs to approve Bitcoin ETF. Do you think in 2021, a Bitcoin ETF will be approved? And then maybe I'll add, how would that change corporations' relationship with Bitcoin, putting it on their balance sheet and making an investment decision? Here's my view on a Bitcoin ETF in the US. Chairman Gensler, a few weeks ago, talked about regulating crypto exchanges, that the SEC  think the SEC has historically said, they're not approving Bitcoin because we have no idea what's happened on the exchanges. But I don't believe it's a 2021 event. It's going to take time to come up with the rules of the road for exchanges, implement them, and then follow them, which is why I'm in maybe late 2022, early 23 camp as opposed to for a Bitcoin ETF because I still think  A lot of the accounting issues about holding the underlying Bitcoin ultimately kind of go away within the security form. So I think that would be a huge benefit, I think, for corporations to invest. Hector asks, does a focus on insurance mean that the technology is subject to breaches? Basically, if the corporations are so focused on that, maybe why are they? So what's funny is, and I'm knocking on wood as I say this, as far as breaches and security incidents,  I think custodians compete amongst themselves to have the best in tech, and they're certainly reinvesting into the technology. But that focus on insurance, I don't think necessarily means that their techism is good. Got it. Doug asks, with the rise of corollary ETFs, how long, if ever, do you think it will take for traditional BDs, Fidelity, Schwab, et cetera, to offer crypto directly on their platforms? And maybe would that shift the way that corporations would potentially get their exposure?  We want broker dealers to start cussing other assets that aren't typically securities through their broker dealer balance sheet. And so until that treatment and kind of that thought process changes, I think you won't see traditional broker dealers offering outright crypto. I think they will continue to offer security forms of crypto and also the capital risk weighting of Bitcoin for broker dealers is incredibly punitive. It is 100% right down of your equity.  how companies are handling the ESG related questions on the conviction of the Bitcoin holdings on their balance sheet. So basically if they already have Bitcoin on their balance sheet or are going through that process, how are publicly traded companies handling those ESG questions? Are they doing specific things, maybe carbon credits, et cetera, to kind of mitigate some of those concerns? So some of these companies that already are along Bitcoin are trying to come up with other donations to environmental,  Beyond Bitcoin, how do we think about Ethereum? How do they think about other coins for corporate treasury? And certainly we've seen companies taking Ethereum allocation to their balance sheet, but they haven't really gone to the next coin, whatever that might be. And some of that is regulation. I think there's certainly fear that whatever they buy, the SEC might, Simon Dutzel is a security. And then there's lots of questions  that you guys have worked with or talked with that put Bitcoin on the balance sheet, put Ethereum or some other asset on the balance sheet as well. Is it a high percentage? Small. Small. 5%, 5%? Something like that. Okay. And so if that 5% is of those who have Bitcoin on their balance sheet, then we're talking sub 1% of all corporations you speak to end up putting Ethereum on, just given the law of large numbers. Yeah. And growing, I'm assuming, right? Okay. Two more questions and then we will wrap up.  and staking community. So the China crackdown the last few days I think has been, certainly I think great in terms of decentralizing hash power around the world and frankly, helping the US continue to gain market share. And so we work with our mining and staking affiliate to accomplish through mostly lending and equipment financing and whatnot to those entities.  Bitcoin is younger than I am. And, you know, well, I don't see too many people that are that much older, certainly a smaller percentage. And so I think the law of numbers kind of tells you that we certainly have a better shot to have Bitcoin and crypto friendly people, you know, holding high offices as the years go on. Michael, I'm 33, which I still say is my early 30s. And somehow I feel old when I talk to people. So when I talk to, you  It's kind of where we are, right? In kind of how old we are kind of in the space in which we work. That is amazing. I'm sure that there's great arguments over who has better music and better TV shows and everything else. The challenge is I don't know most of these artists that these kids listen to nowadays. And so it's less of a conversation than them trying to teach the old guy. Just have to get you on TikTok and then the world will be complete. It explodes.  And that would definitely do it again in the future. Pomp, thanks so much. Thanks, guys.