 Alright guys, bang bang, I've got Nick here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Hey, how are you doing? So I want to start first with this idea that you've built one of the largest unicorns in Europe and specifically have this idea of kind of a financial super app, right? Anyone in the world can show up to Revolutestore and you're able to service their financial service needs. Maybe let's just talk about  But then our last five years, we really expanded the product to super up concept. So the new value proposition is rather simple. So we give you all your financial services products that you need for your daily life. Ten times cheaper, ten times better compared to banks or stock brokers or so on. And then the idea is that all these products are highly personalized to your needs because they all talk with each other. So we actually save you a lot of time by just opening one account within two minutes.  You spent time as a equity derivatives trader at Lehman and a few other places. When you started to build out the actual financial service technologies, how much of your experience from the trader side kind of played into this versus it was just more of your personal experience with financial service platforms?  in, what are all the features that are available to me?  very deduced. Got it. And so what is what like is the difference of the user behaviors that you've seen over the last 12, 18 months, right? Obviously, we've got kind of COVID happened, you saw all sorts of uncertainty. But then also we saw this kind of historic monetary policy decisions across different geographies. What changed in user behavior? Or the specific kind of insights that you have watching how users use the use the platform over the last 12, 18 months? So basically, because we have  to triple during this period of time. Crypto at least three to five X compared to what we've seen pre-coiled. So in short, people have excess money because they cover spending and they put this excess money into assets trading assets. Yeah. What's so fascinating is here in the United States, we definitely saw savings rate went up, personal income rate went up, and then you have kind of hard data and you can actually see and measure on the platform that a lot of that excess cash was going right into a stock trading account.  crypto will be double, and they just don't. I mean, that's pretty incredible. Talk to me about the business accounts. So I think this is probably one of the most fascinating parts of what you guys are doing where most folks who have tried to build kind of these super apps or one-stop shops for financial services, they really pick one vertical, right? So they say, hey, we're gonna go after retail, or we're gonna go after kind of the institutional client, or we're gonna go after enterprises. And those are really kind of three different platforms. You guys have these business accounts right next to the individuals  offline without acquiring solution. So think about it as Citigroup plus Stripe plus your payroll provider under one umbrella and they're at price significantly cheaper compared to any other providers. So that's the long range number one. And the long range number two, we are allowing you to do global business from day one because obviously all accounts are global, right? Have multiple currencies you can send and receive payments  seems like remote work, kind of the digital economy has become much more prevalent in a lot of businesses that maybe weren't online, now are coming online very quickly, but also people starting businesses. They're basically global on day one, right? I remember maybe a decade ago or maybe eight years ago, businesses basically, let's say would start in the United States, they would penetrate the US market and it would be a pretty big decision, almost like an executive or a board level decision. Okay, this is gonna be the year of international expansion. They would try to go push into other markets.  programmatic interfaces for software outside of Revolut for business. Yeah. One of the best ways to build a valuable company is to just replace whatever spreadsheets people have buried somewhere inside of their business for sure. Speaking of kind of different geographies, I know that one of the focuses for Revolut during 2021 has been geographic expansion. You've recently come to the United States. I know that you're pushing into Asia. Maybe talk a little bit about kind of the penetration that you have in Europe and then really what the catalysts  So what it means in practice, consumers and businesses will be able to avoid all the acquiring fees, issuing fees, scheme fees. The result of transactions become quickly free and instant. And secondly, what we're trying to achieve, we're trying to enable businesses to sell directly to Roblut customers through a very simple product, very similar to what Facebook or Google do. But we call it the mission odds when the mission is  and then for customers they get a purchase of the discounted price.  So what we learned is that it's very difficult, almost impossible to manage our tech with existing legacy compliance and infrastructure of banks. So partnerships are usually very difficult to do because we are very differently built and our systems don't really talk with spacious of banks. There's a problem. So we decided to go for banking license in almost every single country where we're in purely to control infrastructure.  big shift into the crypto trading and stock trading. Talk a little bit about almost a renewed focus it seems like you guys have on those products and kind of what you're building there to help service some of the clients and really just empower them to do what they're trying to do on the platform. Yeah, so we're obviously as we observe consumers going into, I think, wealth management, stock trading, crypto trading, we increase our efforts in building new products for them. For example, recently we launched social trading. So the way it works, you're able  enabling everyone to deposit crypto in our wallet and withdraw crypto from our wallet. Plus, on top of it, we're working on paying interest on the ongoing deposits in crypto. It was kind of high level over here, what we've done and what our plans. Got it. And then when you start to see the stock and crypto trading, I don't know if you know this date off the top of your head, but I'm assuming that most of the users that are really kind of pushing into the crypto trading are  If you look at data, probably, if you look at the crypto traders, probably 80% just read crypto, then 20% that read stocks and crypto. Yeah, it's pretty crazy to think how segmented it is almost two different kind of worlds, two different financial systems being built there. What's been kind of the lessons that you've seen from the GameStop, the AMC, kind of all these meme stocks and kind of the Reddit crowd. I'm assuming that's driving some tailwind in stock trading in general, but any lessons learned there or insights as  technical infrastructure kind of problem more than anything, right? It sounds like kind of these surges of interest is something that previously either hadn't happened or were hard to kind of anticipate. And the approach that you guys have taken is just almost overkill, right? Have so much infrastructure availability and have the elasticity to kind of bring it online as quickly as possible to serve these moments of surge of interest in trading volume. Yeah, exactly. So it actually makes sense to run at huge over capacity just to ensure  and you can get started investing with as little as $10. It only takes a minute to get started. With the new Kraken app, you'll have your portfolio in your pocket. You can track your portfolio, see who the winners and losers are every day, track your favorite project, or just simply look at the trading volume for your favorite assets. It is all the features you need without any of the complexity. It's simply the best place to buy and sell cryptocurrencies.  in terms of the pandemic and the monetary policy kind of experiments that are going on, right? As you sit in that kind of CEO seat, when you look back over that time period, like what are some of the lessons that you take away and you're like, wow, you know, this was either surprising to me or things that I wish I had known going into the year? I think what I learned personally, what the whole company learned is it pays off to be extremely tight in costs, right? You know, before 2020,  So even though COVID is now almost over, we still are very tight with customer- immune economies.  user base that you had, I'm sure it's not easy. One of the other things that's fascinating to me about you specifically is as the CEO of a multi-billion dollar business and one of the largest unicorns in Europe, do you feel pressure to kind of be successful because you feel like the European tech industry is kind of counting on you to be the example of, hey, successful companies can be built here in Europe? Or how do you think about kind of the position that you're in or the company's in in light of kind of the local tech community  that will help kind of vault you guys to number one and stay there in terms of features. Are there things that the user base wants that you're excited about or kind of thinking through how to bring that to them? We've got quite a few, for example, our project number one that we already built and we are in the tasting phase. So it's travel related. So we bet that a lot of people will return to travel and then there'll be a huge spike in travel activities.  is actually credit related. So basically, it's called seller advance. And then the way it works, as soon as you connect your seller to our account, you are able to withdraw your salary much, well, before that your salary is being paid. So how it works in practice, for example, if you're being paid on 30th of every month and today's 15th, you can get 50% of your salary upfront.  banks in 2019 made about $8 billion in overdraft fees, right? They essentially took money from people who didn't have money. And what's so interesting about it is when you start to unpack that data, a lot of those overdraft fees are not because the people didn't have the money, it's because of exactly what you're addressing here, which is, you know, they just have expenses that occur right before they actually get paid. So rent's due on, you know, the 12th, they've got a car paid on the 13th, the Netflix bill hits on the 14th, they get paid on the 15th,  pay period and only do the accrued days? Well, at the moment, it's a bit risk mitigation. And then the reason for it is we will effectively we sell this product to companies as a benefit for their employees. And because it's not a credit product, so we actually can advance to people what they actually earn. If we would advance people, you know, much more compared to what they earn, it will be a credit product. Got it. So really what you're doing  excited about?  look like in terms of are you mostly allocated to cash, to stocks, to crypto? Just how do you think about investing your own money across all these various asset classes? Good question. To be honest here, I know obviously the majority of my holdings are actually in the revenue stocks, which are private and not tradable. In terms of stocks, I generally look at top five tech companies and I'm alone only. And then crypto wise,  I think that was fine, but pretty cool. All right, I always ask the same three questions to wrap up and then you'll get to ask me one question to finish this up. The first is, what is the most important book that you've ever read? Well, good question. I'm unprepared. To answer your last 10 years, I think the most enjoyable book I read, maybe the last 15 years was Principles by Ray Dalio. But then back then it wasn't even published, it was a simple PDF within a 15th  If not, then you gotta go read the book and suffer through 400 pages rather than 50 or 60, but couldn't agree more there. Second question is around sleep schedule. So I used to sleep five or six hours, kind of badge of honor of not sleeping a lot, but my friends over at 8 Sleep sent me a kind of thermoregulated bed. So I basically could turn it super cold. Now I sleep like eight or nine hours and completely changed the way that I thought about sleep. What's your sleep schedule and how has that evolved over time as the business has gotten larger?  What time do you usually try to get to sleep by? Oh yeah, yeah. So early by tech standards, but normal by the rest of the world standards. Third question is aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer?  But, uh, that I'm less confident of, right? They're out there, but maybe too far away for us. Um, you get asked me one question to, uh, to wrap us up here. What, uh, one question you have for me. What do you enjoy the most in your podcast? Yeah. I mean, look, it's this enjoy, you know, one of the, one of the speakers, people would enjoy the most. It's frankly, uh, you know, you spend all day thinking about, uh, a very specific vertical in the world, right?  different verticals, you find that you just learn a lot, right? And so, you know, an easy learning already just off the top of my head was when you were talking about the fact that the crypto accounts kind of have seen 2X the inflows to the stock accounts, right? I think that most people would think that, oh, the stock market's much larger, the stock market is more likely to kind of have folks interested. But given the user base that you have and kind of the year that we saw over the last 12 months, it's just fascinating to me how popular crypto has gotten.  Obviously, website, Revolut.com. Alright, so Revolut.com or your Twitter account are the two best places. Yep. Awesome. Well, listen, Nick, thank you so much for taking the time to do this and we'll definitely have to do it again in the future. Thank you. See you.