 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Mackenzie here. Thanks so much for doing this. Thanks for having me. Alright, let's just jump in. Why is CNBC now putting you on the Bitcoin and cryptocurrency beat? Like what is going on in the interest of kind of the media in terms of what's going on in this industry? I mean, for so long, the markets team has covered Bitcoin. And so it's been very focused on price moves and what's going on on that side of it. But I'm joining  writing a piece on Taproot. Now, usually that would be a hard sell, but I have editors that are very plugged into what's going on. And personally, I knew it was an important thing to write about. Did I think that it would really hit? No, but it was a number one story on CNBC.com this weekend. Really? Yeah. And I think that that speaks to the fact that we're finding an audience we didn't even realize was there, which has been fascinating. Same thing this week. I was writing about the mining migration out of China and where these miners are headed.  like why are you interested in this or why were they interested in you covering it? Yeah, so I've spent five years with CNBC. Before that, I was with CNN and Hong Kong and New York in terms of my journey with crypto. It started when I was in Hong Kong, actually. So it was right around the time of the Mt. Gox hack. And so at dinner talking to people about what happened and people didn't really have a lot of skin in the game. So it wasn't that they felt like such a huge loss, but it just was this talking point. And then a couple of years ago, I spoke to a lot of miners in Venezuela who  And I just I think this world is fascinating and I think there's so much to unpack and that's kind of how I ended up in this chair So let's walk through your process. So maybe we'll start with like a taproot type story, right? So for those that don't know taproot is a software upgrade for Bitcoin It can be quite technical It can also have various viewpoints in terms of like once this actually is accepted What are the impact gonna be to Bitcoin? What's the market gonna react to it? And there's also like a process type  like  that's the Bitcoin community is interested in. Like this is something that can be hugely impactful and we can talk about the reasons why or not. But yeah, that's what I typically do. And so let's say you go and you talked to a bunch of market participants and it's taproot, right? And you're like, Hey, what is this? Why is it important? How does it work? What's the process? What do you think the potential impact is going to be? All that kind of stuff. You gather all this information. I'm assuming you go and you actually like put together a draft of what you want to write. And then what's the process from like your work through the editing process till actually  And so he will kind of go back and forth with me if there are things that I can do. And so he's a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,  when they covered this because mainly it's been price coverage, right? Which is has kind of a specific slant to is it's usually people who like maybe they got assigned to do it. They're not really like into it. They're not interested. So naturally just the questions that get asked or the topics they cover definitely aren't taproot, right? For example, like it's like the more kind of surface stuff. And then the third thing is there's been times where like people will like do an interview or whatever. And then the thing that gets published is like completely opposite, right? And it feels like right now, fingers crossed, right? Like the process that you get  bad of relationship between mainstream media and between the crypto community. And I hate that. And I want to understand why, you know, so many people think that the media in general is propagating FUD because that's definitely not my intention. And so everything that I do, every story that I pitch, every time I'm writing something that I want to, I want to battle that stereotype and make sure that like it's not it all showing up in what I write and what I report. Not that I need to be a cheerleader for either side. I just like want to give a very balanced take on what's going on.  in some crazy way, like El Salvador is a great example. When somebody says, Hey, we see a world that you guys see, we actually have a philosophical alignment or in your case, trying to take an unbiased approach, but saying like, I don't want to be combative. I actually want to be, I want to understand. I want to be able to kind of share the views that you guys have. It almost is like Bitcoiners they get behind it and it becomes a tailwind rather than like a headwind. I've just been shocked at the generosity of time and expertise. Like people are tweeting me back, like, you know,  news out the research group, I think it's called Clover and they were looking at mainstream media coverage of the crypto world from 2013 to 2018. And there are some like, I understand why, as you said, like some from the crypto community feel burned. Like one of the, you know, report, one of the things that in the report is the fact that you saw this uptick in coverage always when there was a big sell off. And so, you know, that naturally kind of skews to negative coverage. I will say CNBC, like our ranking was balanced on the positive and negative coverage, which  terms of getting like the bearish argument or the counterpoint to what kind of comes out of the Bitcoin community. Is it the same thing just with different types of people? Exactly. Like I'm talking to a lot of people on Wall Street and and and while the mindset there is shifting with a lot, you know, with several people, it isn't shifting. And so I just I want to hear from both sides. I want the best storytellers and argument makers to kind of debate it. And I and I go back and forth like someone I'm doing interviews, I don't do all from one side and then the other. It's like I'm constantly ping ponging between the two so that I can put  And I listen to podcasts, like obviously I listen to you, Bitcoin Audible, like Guy Swan has taught me much too, but like I'm just in every spare minute that I have, I'm trying to take it in by osmosis. I'm laughing because you didn't mention the third best podcast in all of Bitcoin, which is Peter McCormick's What Bitcoin Did. You just didn't mention it. He must not be very good. I mean, Peter's a great guy. I like Peter a lot, but listen, if you don't have a good podcast, you don't have a good podcast here. Come on, catch up here a little bit. All right, let's talk about Bitcoin mining. Love you, Peter.  We spent a lot of time going back and forth between Beijing and Hong Kong. And so I was personally interested for different reasons. And there are so many angles here. Yes, the destination side of it, where are they going to go? And that's important to me, not just from the standpoint of what does this mean for the US and our mining infrastructure? Will it become more progressive in those policies? Will we move faster to build the systems necessary to host those miners?  full net net, but like, or full wash when you have them all exit, but where they go, we'll decide what people say about Bitcoin's carbon footprint for the next decade. I think. Yeah. And I think part of what's so fascinating about China is so there are certain Chinese provinces where it's almost a hundred percent hydro, right? And it's like, actually that should be the lighthouse on the kind of a Hill, if you will, in terms of what we want people to do is be a hundred percent renewable. At the same time, there's a lot of examples where that's not what we want people to do. And it's the coal.  And it's coal powered. So I mean, I'm, I mean, I am fascinated to see where they go. I think for the time being, I was talking to Nick Carter about this too, the hash rate would probably go offline there, right? And so the miners who are still mining are going to be a little bit richer. And we might see special like zones set up to absorb these miners, but yeah. One, I think also in the United States, what's really fascinating is you're getting some migration just in general, but it seems like the U S is much more  and was a very big part of the mining hash rate for a while that's now shifted and is changing rapidly. But also the types of energy is we're getting more, right? Flare gas capture wasn't a thing five years ago. I'm writing a story on that as we speak. I'm trying to get there. Talk about this. Well, I, so do you know Steve Barber? I do. Yeah. So basically I, I've been, he's been teaching me about this world. Obviously he runs a company that sets up these different oil fields with the mobile mining setups. And I think it's fascinating.  channel that nuclear power. So I've got that story coming out now or it might be live right now. My boss is looking at it. So he, um, there's two things there. So on the flare gas, what's fascinating to me about that argument is it's not just, Oh, we're going to get the flare gas and we're used to mine. We're actually reversing or preventing environmental damage. Right. So instead of this being flared, it's being diverted. And so you get advantage for Bitcoin, but you also get protection of the environment, which is like, you know, that's,  specifically trying to build up its mining infrastructure. Wyoming, another destination, Georgia, Kentucky. Have you seen what they did in Kentucky? They, uh, the coal mines, right? They dropped taxes for miners and basically are trying to use taxes as an incentive for people to come there and mine. And what does it do? It not only brings economic development, uh, in terms of like the, the money that is mined and all that brings jobs, right? It brings all sorts of educated people. Like there's a,  about that and the casting shade on that is always the issue of intermittent energy use. And so ultimately it is more profitable to be mining 24 seven than it is just during daylight hours or, you know, so the issue of like storing it, if they could figure that out. Well, longer story for sure. But the idea of Bitcoin being a battery, right? Becomes like this whole thing where a bunch of people, you know, and myself included who are like, look, you're essentially storing energy  understands this world, he understands the nuances of mining. So the reason that he would say something that is a very like narrow view of this argument is because he's laying the groundwork for something that he's going to release. Like whether that's a new battery or I don't, I don't know what he's going to do, but like, maybe it's like, you know, filming the runways for something that's coming down the pike or maybe shareholders were just like, you need to button it up and, and, uh, walk it back a bit. And, and of course, like since then he's kind of reverse course, he said, if mining becomes what 50% more, whatever the language was around that 50% renewable.  I hope you're enjoying this conversation. But before we go any further, I want to quickly tell you about today's sponsor, BlockFi. BlockFi's got four different financial products for crypto investors. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account. You can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use their cryptocurrency exchange and have no trading fees, or you can get a new Bitcoin rewards credit card. It's a normal credit card that when you swipe, you get Bitcoin back rather than cashback or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business.  Yeah. And does that, I mean, what complications does it introduce? Does that introduce another layer of taxation we'd have to deal with? So that's like one thing I'm kind of into. Uh, policymakers, like are they scared of stable coins? Like what is that dynamic there? Depends what policymakers. That's true. Some of them love the idea. And then I, my editor has wanted me to do a piece on just what is DeFi for so long. And then once I get past like the, what is DeFi? Like,  And what do you say in the question of? I had a question of centralization. Um, basically is a theorem decentralized or centralized? Yeah. Oh, you should definitely write about that. Okay. That I think that there will be a plenty of people who listen to this who will have ideas on both sides. Like it, I don't think I've read yet. Uh, maybe I'm wrong on this and some of the little correct me for sure. If I'm wrong, I don't think yet I've read a piece that really gets at the heart of how do you measure it? And then where are we today? Where were we?  So mining's like a big focus of yours, it seems like. As of late it is, just because of what's happening right now and just the places that are trying to roll out the red carpet. What does this mean for like reshaping the energy grid in Texas, which right now is extremely problematic, right? I mean, with all the storms that happened earlier this year and it's been on the headlines again recently. And the last thing I have on my list, I mean, there are more things that I wanted to cover, but the idea of green coins. Green coins, like ESG Bitcoin. Yeah. Yeah. Like a lot of people are not,  the  the question of the ethical side of mining and whether it's environmental footprint wanting to just counter that even if it does, if it comes at a premium. I haven't fully reported this out. Do I have the nuanced side of the counter argument? Not as much as yet. All right. The stat that I heard recently, I did not go verify the stat, but I'm gonna take this person at their word. I saw them tweet it.  like they'll say, look at the green energy consumption of the US dollar and they'll show like the battleships and like the fighter jets. But I do think that there's this argument of like, it makes sense for people to in an elementary analysis say, oh, it should be clean. It should be renewable. It should be whatever. But I think that Bitcoin has this way of exposing these topics and really separating them from a, what should happen from like a social standpoint,  regardless of any regulation policies, like any of this other stuff. By the way, same thing with cars. Like it's going to happen. Why? Because people are going to want the electric vehicles. But what you start to understand is like the people who are calling for ESG Bitcoin aren't the ones who are actually doing anything. Like they're not building the mining facilities. They're not doing any of the actual work. They're just the ones who are kind of nitpicking and saying, Oh, I don't want this because it's not ESG compliant. Or I have a mandate from somewhere else to invest capital based on that.  What's the craziest thing that you've thought about writing about? Like when it comes to Bitcoin, crypto, et cetera, the thing that you're like, yeah, I don't know if I could like actually learn about it or if people would talk to me about it or whatever. Well, this is, I mean, and it kind of goes to a podcast that you already put out there, but I really think my taproot article on Saturday initially had like Ethereum in the headline and kind of talking about that dynamic of, um, you know, with Bitcoin adding more functionality to its smart contracts, what does that mean in terms of the default?  if I was in your seat, right, you do whatever you want. Go talk to a bunch of the folks in what is now called DeFi, which is always interesting because Bitcoin is the largest DeFi product, but that's a whole nother thing. And then go see where they're building. Some of them, or many of them are building on Ethereum, right? There's certain functionality that it provides throughput fees, whatever that makes that attractive. Now there's other smart contract platforms that people are starting to build on. Go talk to them. And then talk to the Bitcoin DeFi or layer two, you know, Bitcoin folks. And my guess is that,  Like, okay, where does that get built? Not agreement. Why? And then the fundamental differences are like really exposed. And what I think is so fascinating is it's also what's the timeline that people actually want this to be available. So if you have a 10 year time horizon versus a hundred versus one, well, there's different technical things that end up getting built based on if it needs to be ready in one year to swallow the legacy financial system versus a hundred years. And I think that we always, the elementary analysis is just like,  not because of merit, but because of the speculative hype and bubble. I'm torn on how CNBC or somebody like that thinks about it because part of it is it will be consumed by some portion of the population as having merit because CNBC talks about it. At the same time, what they're really covering, if you look at like the Dogecoin stuff, they're not so much talking about the asset. What they're doing is they're talking about the actions of the investors around the asset.  they understand where value is accruing and like, and like merit versus things that are reporting on like the actions of the community. Right? And so separating that thing, the second thing is, uh, there's lots and lots of coverage of the price of the tokens. There's actually a lack of coverage on the companies that are building in the space. So crypto is weird because everyone always thinks of the tokens, the coins, there's a daily price and the, and the volumetric, the, the,  Bitcoin is gonna end up being one of the, if not the most valuable asset in the world. It is global in nature. Nobody in El Salvador cares about 95% of the news in the United States. A lot of people in El Salvador care about Bitcoin. That's El Salvador, great. Go country by country around the world. Bitcoin is probably one of the most common  By the way, it doesn't have to be a positive article. It could be, hey, Bitcoiners have gone crazy and they're doing something that's stupid. Here's the argument as to why it's stupid. Okay, sure. But it's just a topic that is gonna continue to be the number one topic on these websites because it's pulling from such a global basis. And I think that's the part that people haven't figured out yet. I don't know. This is my idea. Very helpful. And that's the thing. So many of these ideas come from informal conversations that I'm having where I'm reporting out  I really welcome conversations, advice, like any. DMs are open, just have them DM you and DM with whatever their like perspective is on various topics. Stories that should be like told that aren't being told if they just want to like send me their number and we can have a phone call. Like I'm very open. Okay. That's a very dangerous thing to say in this world because people are going to send you memes or send you their phone number. They're going to send you all kinds of stuff. I'm just saying. Oh, it's fine. Whatever. We'll see what happens.  but I always think of the sun also rises in this one line where it's just like you can't get away from yourself by going elsewhere essentially. And it's just like, it rings true. I think that people try to find themselves outside of the seat that they're in and wherever you go, there you are. And so I think that being really honest with yourself about what you're doing, your priorities and how you approach life is pretty key. What is the name of the book? The sun also rises. The sun also rises. Ernest Hemingway. Yeah. I,  Number one thing that I tell people you should go do is get this damn bed so that you can sleep cold and you get deeper or you get more deep sleep. So even if you still sleep the same, let's say eight hours, rather than maybe four hours of deep sleep, you might get five or five and a half. And by extending the deep sleep, you actually feel more rested. So their whole goal is eventually instead of eight hours, you might be able to sleep six, but if it's all deep sleep, then you save time and got the same rest. What's your sleep schedule? If I'm being totally Frank, I'm not probably sleeping as much as I should right now.  I don't know where that came from. Like that was my mentality. It was just like, y'all sleep when I'm dead. Then I started to sleep and I was like, Oh, like you don't even understand the value of sleep until you start. And I sound ridiculous. No, you don't sound ridiculous. And I think part of the problem, so my beat at CNBC, it's crypto, but it's also cybersecurity. And so, and I, I'm within my first few months on the new job. So sourcing up and closing that knowledge gap is, yeah, after the first couple of weeks,  there's nine planets. At one point, I think when I was in college, Pluto wasn't a planet and then became a planet again. So there was some controversy around Pluto. Only nine though. There's now like a thousand planets. And I don't know where the rest came from, but there's a lot of work that's been done in space over the last like 20 years. And so if there's a thousand planets and then there are more stars in the sky than grains of sand on earth, there's gotta be something out there.  those aren't nearly as like that question is not nearly as good as before you just asked me. I can't say the best piece of media that I've consumed in the last week. It will definitely get me in trouble. Um, I don't care if it's not CNBC. No, no, no, no, no, no. Not in trouble with me. No. Uh huh. Yeah. I can't say that one. Um, I would say that I'll give you two people that I read pretty regularly that I think are very interesting. Uh, and I'll caveat it with, um, they're both independent thinkers. They,  He'll literally nail the topic. He'll be like, look, there's people who were powerless before, now they feel like they have power, they go after people, they weaponize things, whatever, and he'll like nail it. And then some people will read him and be like, oh my God, this guy, he wrote 12 pages about cancel culture and they freak out. But I like reading the people who write from an independent thinking standpoint because what they end up doing is they end up stretching the intellectual muscle. So if you just read name your publication,  doing that and so it's less about one piece, it's just those two people in particular just off the top of my head. Glenn Greenwald's been doing a fantastic job of just calling out nonsense. And then let me think of who else. I'd say those three have done a really good job and then there's a woman, I'm gonna forget her name, plan's gonna kill me. She used to be the writer of all the profiles