 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Will here. What's going on, man? How much pump? Just a lot going on this week in the market, so try to keep up with everything. Absolutely. I think people are really, really enjoying these overviews on chain metrics. Let's just jump right into what we're seeing this week. It feels like price is just oscillating back and forth between that  decoupling from what the fundamental investment behavior is showing. And perhaps the still is like we've been saying, it's just going to take a little bit longer than we had initially expected. But I still don't see any changes in the reaccumulation that we've been describing. Absolutely. And it feels like really the big, big takeaway here is people are selling, price has been going down, but strong hands, the experienced market participants, they're just gobbling up all this Bitcoin.  for over 155 days would have statistically very low selling behavior. And so we're starting to see, you know, that continued trend of supply moving to those entities. On Monday, this got up to the 30 day change got up to 95,800. So yeah, still seeing a continuation of that trend. And then kind of like going off of that, I had, I've been working with Willie Wu a little bit.  ratio and it's showing what's called bullish divergence, which the oscillator is making higher lows while price is of course making lower lows lately. But what that's showing is that strong hands are increasingly buying the dip, more so as we continue to go lower, but prices is making lower lows. But this is like the most, I would say most clear divergence that we've had since that big correction we had in late January or  And that's in like a deep capitulation as of yesterday. And as well looking at sober, which is something that we talked about on the short-term timeframe, that's showing capitulation as well, especially from short-term holders. I actually just put something out kind of comparing the long short-term holders over the last month. In the last 30 days, long-term holders have added 579,940 BTC, while short-term holders have reduced their holding  day after, but longer-term holders are offsetting the short-term selling by over 20,000 BTC. This is something that we've talked about before, but either this resembles a few things. After the end of the bull market, late 2017 or early 2018, and then obviously after the 2013 bull market as well, but then it also resembles this mid-consolidation, which  I think the key takeaway here is for anybody that's in this asset for the long term, when you're looking at people who have been in this market, they're stepping in here and saying Bitcoin is a good deal right now and they're stacking really heavily while the shorter term market participants, speculators are starting to get freaked out and moving out, which is great long term. Perhaps this isn't very great in the very short term because you need, I think, some of those  of kind of new participants coming into the market. We don't know exactly who they are or where they're coming from, but they don't appear to be whales. These are all much, much smaller. So it's almost like aggregate growth of total new users is exploding upwards, but they tend to be smaller rather than larger players at the moment. Yeah, exactly. And so, you know, this metric is called entities net growth. It's like very technical term, I think. I would rename it, you know, net user growth. I think that would make  W shape for anybody looking at the news now, like it's literally a W big W on the chart. But I think a lot of this, like you said, is retail because first of all, you know, we're not seeing that uptick in new whales, which is something I believe that we're going to need to see if we have any kind of, you know, large, broader bull market continuation from here. But also when you just look at the the raw holdings by, you know, by the size of the entity.  stacking very heavily. You see this chart is basically just going vertical in terms of the amount of supply that's being held by them. Meanwhile, you aren't seeing this uptick in new whales. I think a lot of this new user growth is new retail, smaller holders, which of course is bullish for Bitcoin adoption, but not priced in the short term. I think it would be interesting to see how many of these new users are coming from Latin America.  Let's move on to SOPRA. I feel like every week, everyone wants to know what is going on with SOPRA. So what do you see in there? Yeah, SOPRA was interesting. So at the time that I wrote this, we saw this big higher low in SOPRA. So I put in the letter that it was a big bullish divergence where the oscillator is making a higher low, price is making lower low. And the last time we had seen a big divergence like that was once again in late January. But actually checking it when I woke up this morning,  now  and simply search the word Kraken and you can download the mobile app there. Kraken's been a long time supporter of this show. So to say thanks, it would mean the world to me if you would go and download their new mobile app. All right, let's get back into this episode. I hope you're enjoying this one.  And so, you know, we've only had stablecoins for, you know, the latter half of Bitcoin's existence. So the chart only goes back to late 2018. But the other times that this resembles, you know, the drawdown in the oscillator and, you know, us moving back up out of this out of a zone that we're in, it also resembles late 2018, the March, the big March crash we had last year. And then also that late September drawdown that we had right before, you know, the big run up  that to me is like just hitting us over the head and how obvious there was a change in early June. It's this minor net position change. I think that right around that time is when the crackdown on miners in China started. So maybe talk a little bit about what you're seeing there with miners and kind of what they're doing. Yeah, this is interesting. So, well, first of all, like when you just look at the hash rate, hash rates pretty much just dropped off a cliff. We're now at the lowest point that we've been in terms of like daily  I think this is interesting because a lot of the selling has been believed to have come from miners. But what I'm seeing, and at least the data that I'm looking at, is not so much because they've reduced their balance by just over 5,000 bitcoins. So 5,125 at the time of writing. I think it might be up by 50 BTC or something since I wrote this two days ago. But yeah, I mean, they are selling.  They're definitely selling though, but just not and what I'm looking at on any extent that's going to draw the market down to 30K. For sure. Before we let you go, you've got a new metric that you created. You've currently titled it the OTC Desk Outflow Stock RSI Signal, which is a horrible- It's a mouthful. You know that's a horrible name. I think we got a recommendation from somebody that we should just call it the Clemente Signal. I don't know if you want to do that or not.  Most of the entities going through OTC desks are high net worth individuals, institutional, those kinds of entities. I looked at the OTC outflows and when you just look at that chart itself, it's very noisy. You see up, down, up, down, up, down. Almost looks like we go looking at a chart of someone's heartbeat when it's going crazy. You can't really draw any major signal out of that. What I did was, Glass Note is just added, they have this tab on the top  going, you know, the metric trades in usually, but then when you have a breakout to the upside, it's a buy indicator because it's showing that there's really strong, the trend of OTC outflows is really strong. And then conversely, when it breaks out to the bottom of this range, it's been a sell indicator. And so, you know, that's showing that there's not many OTC outflows, aka there's not a lot of high net worth institutional buying going on, aka big money.  And then it flashed another buy signal after the January capitulation. It actually timed one of the tops and marched really well, almost to the tick, timed the dip we had after that, another dip in late April. And then it also flashed a big sell signal right before we had that initial big drawdown to 30K. So if you were using this indicator and going off of this, then you would have been in good shape if you had sold right before.  find you on Twitter or or find out the newsletter. Yeah, so I have I'm going to get a URL for this. I don't have to say this mouthful every time, but on my sub stack is BTC by WC three dot sub stack dot com. And then, like I just said, I'm trying to get a URL so you don't have to type in all that and you just take it in something quick and just get right to it. Recommended by pump. So, yeah, you can find me on there on Twitter all day long. You know, just put out stuff wherever I find interesting or, you know, if you tweet at  inside of all the noise and the sentiment because Twitter was not very happy. There are a lot of people very, very bearish on Twitter over the last couple of weeks. So keep at it and then we'll do this again next weekend. Thanks, Phomp. Yeah, I think a lot of people freaking out. I think maybe this is their first rodeo.