 All right guys, bang bang. I've got Harry here. Thanks so much for doing this, man. I'm excited to be here. My first time in Miami too, so I'm glad we could do it in person. Yeah, absolutely. Let's talk about ride sharing and specifically from the driver side. I don't think I understood until a couple of years ago that drivers are basically just small business owners. Walk me through kind of your journey from you were working at a tech company, I think,  own business. They get paid via 1099. And I mean, as you know, and many of your folks in your audience know, running a business is tough, tough job, right? It's a tough gig. It's not for everyone. Most businesses fail for a reason because you not only have to think about your income, you have to think about your expenses, you have to think about your liabilities, like insurance, you have to think about taxes, estimated taxes as a 1099 worker, right? You don't get taxes taken out of your paycheck. So it could come hit you, especially if you don't do a good job tracking all of your mileage. And so I actually started my former  day, you know, kind of like a lot of people back in 2014 heard about this service called Uber, heard about this service called Lyft. And it just seemed like an interesting gig to try driving for. And especially in those early days, I mean, I was an engineer, so I was tracking all of my income and I was making a lot of money. And the pay has definitely come down since those early days. I mean, I remember, you know, doing a podcast back in 2014, my first weekend driving July 4th weekend in Newport Beach, California, which is like a big party area. And I was making over $50  They know exactly where surge is. They know exactly kind of how to be efficient and how to get the highest rates. They start to figure out all kinds of things of how to get this ride shorter. Do they want long rides and fewer in kind of a shift? Do they want tons of short rides? Right? Like, how do you think through that? And is there kind of like one strategy that works across the country? Or is it different in kind of each geography? Well, the crazy thing about working in the gig economy is that there's so much variability, right? You've probably talked to other drivers who actually  where there's more demand, Los Angeles, Chicago, Miami, you can make more money just kind of at a baseline average level. But definitely there are drivers who are, you know, what we've seen actually in Uber's own data that they've released, the more experience you have as a driver, actually it has a positive impact on your earnings. You might earn maybe five to ten dollars an hour more after one thousand, five thousand trips. And so what really my whole business has been trying to do is accelerate that learning curve. Now, obviously we've got courses and things like that for drivers, but also just  So there definitely are strategies that you can employ. And I would say that it kind of, you know, the main principle that applies across every city and state is really just understanding that nobody cares more about your income than you do. Not every trip that the companies send you is going to be one that you want. I mean, you talked about short trips, for example, like I learned very quickly driving in Newport beach seven years ago that the worst trips are the short trips. So the ones, so on a short trip, anything two to three miles or less Uber typically charges, you know, the rates start very  a short trip, right? So you're really getting 28% basically of a $10 trip when it's all said and done. On minimum fares, you're usually getting like 40 to 50%, right? Even though their take rate, right? They'll say that their take rate is 25%. So, you know, it's like we would employ strategies to avoid those minimum fares, you know, like at nights from like 10 PM to 12 AM when people are kind of bar hopping, you want to stay away from those areas, right? You kind of actually want to drop people off and then drive away a few miles so you don't get pulled in, you know, for like  But are there other types of geographic based strategies that you see drivers really kind of optimize their income? I mean the dummy proof strategy is sort of just to drive the times when it's high demand. So that would be Monday through Friday rush hour, especially now that things are opening up and coming back. So mornings and then late afternoons and then also Friday, Saturday night, drivers call those the party hours. And really the later you stay, the less drivers are out. So the more you can make via surge pricing. So those would be sort of that's kind of like the dummy proof strategy. And then as far as geographies,  high demand, but also like I would say like insane demand just because you know, so many of these apps started there. So many people are, you know, using these, you know, options and you know, there's so literally people will leave where they live. They'll go to let's say San Francisco and a bunch of other drivers may get an Airbnb together and then literally they'll like work the weekend and then they go back to wherever they live. Yep. Crazy. What's the difference between driving for an Uber and Lyft, which I think when people think of gig economy drivers, that's what they think of with maybe food delivery or some of the other types of driving in the gig economy.  So it's really sort of, you know, for the company's acquisition funnel, they have a much bigger pool of workers to choose from because you can really drive with any old piece of shit on food delivery. I mean, you can have your own car obviously, but you can also do a scooter. You can do a bike. You can do an e-bike. You can deliver with a friend or family member, which some people definitely do salvage vehicle, really two door anything. You know, I actually had someone drop off a door dash order the other day and he pulled up in a Range Rover. Really? Few years old, but it was a Range Rover.  then they've been very reliable, you know, when placing orders, especially relative to their counterparts, Uber and Lyft. So the vehicles is one. And then there are some differences on the driver's side, just, you know, sort of the obvious that, you know, you're obviously interacting less to none with passengers. So if you're more of an introvert, that might be a better option. Yeah. What's so fascinating was in New York and then here in Miami, when I came down here, all of these apartment buildings, they wouldn't let the food delivery go up to the actual doors. And I remember saying to myself,  navigate it on their own and they do have to take it to people's doorsteps. I saw an integration that Uber Eats has in the works and it's actually with a company though it actually like gives more detail in these mega apartment complexes to solve this exact situation. And so as a driver on especially in the delivery services, you get a lot more information about each trip. And so you might want to make those types of decisions and understand, Hey, there's certain buildings, you know, this building in Midtown Miami, like they make you take it up to the customer. These other ones don't, right? And that extra five  Have people made like automated systems work basically can read when the order, you know, when the order comes in or when the ride request comes in, it basically gives you, you know, a plus type ride, you know, it's F minus type ride or delivery. Like are there ways for them to almost automate that decision making or is it really just based on best guess and maybe have some information to help me? There've been a couple cool startups that have tried to do things like that. One that I worked with called Maestro basically kind of automated your Uber and Lyft driving. So a lot of drivers do both services and this was kind of a hack.  in the Dasher community called Para that is actually giving Dasher's more information about each trip. So with DoorDash right now, you see the total amount, including tips, but sometimes if it's a really big tip, DoorDash doesn't provide that information to drivers because they sort of don't want people just cherry picking the best trips, you know, the best orders. And this app is actually telling Dasher's, you know, they sort of have found this loophole, this workaround where they tell you, okay, no, this one has an extra $15 tip. And so it's a bit controversial right now.  and your barber asks you about stocks. I'll tell you this story and this was absolutely crazy. I went to dinner in New York City maybe a month ago. I got in the car, it was 1130 at night or something after dinner and all of a sudden my wife slapped my leg and I look up and the Uber driver had stopped at a red light and he had the phone kind of on the device holding it up and all of a sudden he clicked out of the Uber app and he clicked into Robinhood.  their programs in place for them to learn. They are making money, right? Is there ways for them to invest? Like, what do you see on that front? Well, I mean, I will say, you know, just to be frank, like, unfortunately, I think a lot of drivers are, you know, more paycheck to paycheck. And even though this income is nice, it's extra side, like usually the money is going to important causes, I guess I would say, you know, to make up for their other job and, you know, to pay the rent or to pay food or to pay the bills or to pay off things. And so, you know, to the company's credit, they have launched some pretty cool stuff, you know, partnerships with like Betterment in the past.  because we sort of noticed like last month I had more unsubscribers and I had subscribers on my 80,000 person email list and we started surveying a bunch of them and they're like, oh no, we love your content. We're just moving on to other stuff, right? Because the nature of the gig economy is very transient. A lot of people get into it for certain reasons, but it isn't the thing they want to do forever. I mean, I always, I'm a big fan of just leveraging it for a lot of the reasons you talked about, but also I think it's just amazing practice at running an actual business, right? Because you're doing all this stuff.  So as a driver, you know, a full-time driver, believe it or not, puts a lot of miles on their car. So they'll do a thousand miles a week and you get a 57.5 cent mile deduction. So that's $575. So let's say you make a thousand dollars on that 1000 miles driven right off the bat, your 1000 minus $575. So that's only 425. Then that's taxable income. It's tax. So you're only paying taxes on 425, right? And then you have your 7.5 mile deduction. So that's $575.  So anytime for a whole month I had a meeting, I had somewhere to go just like on personal side, right? Friends, I wasn't like working, driving for Uber. It was just whenever I had to leave the house, I set that destination filter and I was actually very surprised at, you know, I would go out of the way. I would make eight bucks, 10 bucks, 15 bucks. When you looked at the time spent, you know, basically your marginal time, like it would have taken me 15 minutes to get there. Now it only took me 20 minutes. It was only five minutes, but I made an extra eight bucks, right? Eight times 12 is now $96 an hour. I didn't actually make 96.  I think. You literally were an aerospace engineer. You've obviously done all the math, et cetera. How do people get from, hey, I'm just starting, I don't even understand how to run a business to like your level of sophistication. I'm assuming that's a lot of what the digital business that you have. Yeah. I mean, so the way that I think most people do it is just through experience, right? They just do thousands of trips. I mean, my driver here, I think it's said on the app, you know, that he had 15,000 trips. And so I think if, you know, if you're making it 15,000 trips, you're figuring things out on your own. What I try to do and help people with is accelerate that learning curve.  a lot of veterans, like people who have figured out the system and there aren't that many people in between who are kind of just, you know, dangling.  I can get the Uber XL cheaper than I can for like a normal ride. It all I think revolves around this driver shortage. So like how do you view that given that you're kind of an insider to this industry and then what are the pros and cons when there's a driver shortage? Sure. Yeah. And I mean, I think that a lot of people, I'm still talking to people every day, especially on the West coast, they're taking their first Uber trip and you know, a year, year and a half and they're like, what the hell is going on? I can't get a ride. Prices are at an all time high. And you know, frankly, I think reliability is a good thing.  It's more like 20 to 30 percent 20 to 30 cents if you've got a good car a good Prius and got a good deal And so a lot of drivers are still on that unemployment. They still got PPP loans There's other programs like employee retention credit which drivers if they convert to an LLC as S corp are eligible for and we worked with a partner who basically did that and signed up hundreds of drivers for that so, you know, I think that's really the main cause for a lot of this and then the second thing like I talked about earlier, I mean delivery is here to stay right food delivery There's still a lot of questions about the unit economics  So Dara from Uber had this kind of tweet storm where he basically said, Hey, prices are higher. Right. And, and okay, that, that was a pretty big step of just acknowledging, yes, prices are higher. Uh, but then he tried to walk through kind of the unit economics of why this actually made me better for drivers and like drivers are making more. So, uh, I know it might get a little grain, but we'll walk us through kind of the math. If you want to get granular, we can, which is a smart audience. I'll make it understand when the prices go up. Uh, can we give us an example of how the drivers are actually making more.  drivers are making way more, sometimes they're making way less and it can cause a lot of retention issues over time. So what they're trying to do, or at least this is what they say, is they're basically just trying to remove some of that volatility and pay the same, right? Which in financial terms, obviously if you had two different opportunities, one is more volatile, you would pick the one that's less volatile if the expected return was the same, right? And so that's what a lot of these programs are trying to do. And so now when what Dara's tweet storm was basically saying was that there was an article  of cool. If you if you're a customer, you can actually sign up as a driver and then you can pull up the surge map and see what prices look like just as a little hack if you want to avoid surge pricing and you can move your pin around and you know get cheaper areas. But basically they get paid a flat rate. So they get 25 plus anywhere from a few dollars, five, 10, 15. It might be more like 15 dollars in this case. So they're only getting paid, let's say, 40 dollars on this individual trip where you, the customer, are paying 100 dollars. So Uber's take and I'm simplifying the math a bit, but  what they're taking from drivers, you know, is gone down across the board. So that means there are a bunch of short trips, right, where they're sort of paying a higher bonus than what drivers would have got on the old system. And I think what's so interesting is that I, you know, I totally believed, I don't think he's making these numbers up, right? But there's a big disconnect between what the drivers see and what they're experiencing, you know, on an individual trip level. And I think that psychology is really interesting for companies to understand because I don't think Uber and Lyft are doing a good job of showing  It's fascinating to me that the math and the psychology is separated. Yeah, it shouldn't be surprising It's all the finance but it just feels like uber and lift are never gonna get credit I mean, I think that a little bit of this is self-inflicted though Like I think that you know, they definitely you know They've got their you know detractors people who sort of you know have a negative view of them and you know I'm in obviously I run a whole business on helping drivers and gig workers. So my view of the gig economy is optimistic I'm more, you know, we cover the positive  new drivers and that's cheaper than retaining good drivers. But I think it hurts them when it comes to these situations where shit has hit the fan and now they need drivers and they can't convince people to come back. They're like, I got an in-app notification the other day, drivers are earning median $31 per hour and that's across all engaged time. Even when you're sitting there waiting for a trip, which they usually don't account for in their calculations, and drivers are like, eh, I'm going to stick with delivery for now. Maybe I'll come back to Uber in the future.  Because if you're like too transparent and you show drivers exactly what's happening and how much they're taking, you know, like I just worked my ass off to pick up this guy, you know, I had to wait for him for five minutes and then there was all this traffic and then I only got 40% of the fare, like that's sort of like a slap in the face. And of course, as a driver, I'm going to remember that trip and forget the one where Uber lost a couple bucks. Right. And so you sort of have to think about the best ways to be transparent, but also like get credit when you do do something well. And I think that's what the company is. You know, I mean, it's not an impossible challenge to solve. So I'm confident that  industries from professional athletes all the way down getting paid in Bitcoin. Yeah, is that a thing in Uber lift and kind of delivery and type drivers? Do they want to get paid in Bitcoin or have access to other types of financial assets or are they just living paycheck to paycheck? Give me the dollars and move on. I mean, I think that for now they're kind of like paycheck to paycheck want the dollars. But I do think that, you know, we've seen, you know, kind of like with the rise of, you know, Bitcoin on its own and then, you know, especially like the beginning of the pandemic when people did have those stimulus checks and maybe we're investing more and, you know,  Pay accepting payment in Bitcoin or you know, whatever it might be and then how the driver fits into that equation, you know getting bonuses or cash back and all these companies have driver rewards program so I could easily see, you know Hey instead of getting like this certain bonus. It's like you get, you know, whatever percentage of Bitcoin of Bitcoin coin right back. So definitely some cool stuff Yeah, there's there's a lot of studies that show people don't care so much about the dollar amount. Yeah, like a gift or of Some sort of reward, etc. Exactly. It's the actual  man, every driver, it was like a badge of honor. They wanted it. They wore it. You know, I would go to these driver events, these meetups, and you could sort of tell like all the OGs had their jackets on. And so I do think that there's something there, right? Like that's why I think it is cool. You know, and of course, like digital goods and services are a lot more scalable, right? Versus like mailing out jackets and things like that. But basically swag, you know, like I, when I came here, I gave you a little swag, you know, even when I'm opting people into my email list, you know, I give them a PDF guide to driving, right?  economic spaces. So I do think, you know, thinking about like, you know, going off of like what the current trends are, like I actually bet you, you know, like if you could find a way to like hook up some drivers with some Dogecoin right now, like I bet you a lot of them would be kind of like psyched about her. Like, you know, now bonuses, they say like, Hey, come out, do three trips for 100 bucks. So Uber got me back on the road after a year and a half of no driving during the pandemic. They sent all these drivers say, Hey, do three trips, get $100. I was like, shit, even I'll do that. Right. That's easy free money. Kind of my job to try out these services. Did it.  want to take an Uber and they want to walk, right? And so they'll increase the bonuses a little bit to get more drivers onto the platform or to take drivers from other services. And so they've had all these levers at their disposals over the years with financial incentives. And now they're putting those levers down and they're not working. They're like, hey, normally a three for a hundred dollar bonus that gets everyone back on the road. And now drivers are like, eh, I got my unemployment or eh, I'm already driving for door dash and I'm driving for Instacart. Or it's like, Hey, you know what? I haven't had a great experience. Or I made a bunch of money on Dogecoin.  or to try to combine the workers perspective with the industry, what's happening at a higher level, and really just analyze everything from the workers perspective. So basically type Uber, Lyft, rideshare guy into any box on the internet, and hopefully I should pop up. It's fascinating to me, so thank you so much for doing all the work. Three questions, and then you get to ask me when to finish up. First, what's the most important book you've ever read? The most important book I've ever read is probably Deep Work by Cal Newport,  I really try to get into deep work. He's got this really cool example of, you know, when you get a notification on your phone, basically it only takes a second to look away, but there's actually like a bit of cognitive drag going forward. So the task at hand is now going to take longer, whether you realize it or not, just from that, like one second notification. So great book. That's definitely true. Second question is sleep schedule. Uh, friends that ate sleep have this mattress, thermoregulated bed. I sleep on it freezing cold sleep way better. What is your sleep schedule?  I've got two kids, so let's just preface it with that. But I try to do 11 to seven. And then usually if my kids get up early, I'm up closer to six. Unfortunately, I will say though, if you're working in the gig economy, it kind of messes with your sleep schedule. The most profitable hours are gonna be late into the nights on Friday and Saturday nights typically. But you don't have to work those Friday, Saturday nights. That's what's so great about the gig economy. You can understand when those times of high demand are and balance that with your schedule,  a  And so, uh, opportunities of that scale though. Yeah. Well, just asymmetry exists in lots of markets, right? So you can go invest in technology startups. Obviously Bitcoin was a pretty big opportunity, et cetera. Uh, but I do think that, um, there's this mindset difference between Bitcoin investors and maybe other types of investors. So most other investors are looking at shorter time horizons. They're looking for some sort of asymmetry. Uh, and it's much more of an investment decision taking dollars and I am putting it into this. And when I pull it out,