 Alright guys, bang bang I've got Amanda here. Thank you so much for doing this. Yeah, thanks for having me. Alright, let's just get started. What the hell is CBD? You start a company and there's CBD gummies. I don't know what that is. So what exactly is CBD? Okay, cannabis, cannabinoids, you know, cannabis is most people think of THC, right? THC gets you psycho psychoactive gets you high CBD is component of that and if you grow a hemp plant  If it's low THC high CBD, it's hemp got it. Okay, and then What you put into the gummies is derived hemp drive CBD and then you mix it with other things and we'll get to what those are But the idea is CBD has what impact on the body versus THC? So we have an ECS an endocannabinoid system. Okay, which was just discovered in the 90s We didn't know that we had this and it helps regulate a lot of different things  full spectrum means it has all the terpenes in it of the plant. So it actually has what we call the entourage effect. It actually helps with efficacy. So I eat a gummy. Yes. That gummy basically there's like two different compounds that team up. The CBD is like, Hey, we're coming and then we're going to bring the melatonin. I get on my back. I'm carrying the squad. We're going to, all right. Yeah. Perfect. And then the melatonin gets there faster, better, et cetera. Higher potency, efficacy, okay. Potency. I like that. That's like a wizard word.  turn your brain off. So you're not thinking about your freaking to do list. Okay. And you can actually like get in touch with your body. Um, and then the active ingredients then start to kick in and helps with like lubrication, stimulation, et cetera. Okay. And so again, the CBD kind of leads, got it helps calm the brain, helps with calm focus, et cetera. And then the active ingredients heightened that as well. Got it. It's like active ingredient jump on my back. We're going. All right. So you have a sex one, you have a sleep one stress stress. What's that one?  You would have to take an immense amount and like they don't even, you can Google it. It's really hard to find an accurate answer of how much and you would never from our products, like there it's smaller doses. Got it. So like you, you would literally have to like inject it into your veins and like for days and then maybe only maybe exactly. Okay. So do people take like in the morning I feel stressed. Let me take this. Oh, now I want to have sex. Let me take the sex one. And now I want to go to sleep. Let me take the sleep. Yeah.  I am not sleeping well. What's going to help me? I am having anxiety attacks during the day. Like what's going to help me? And so we're a function first formula. We talk about what's the end outcome versus just trying to teach everybody the components of a hemp plant. You want to sleep, take the sleep. Exactly. Right. Okay. Got it. Uh, when you think about this, there's all kinds of issues, right? So most people right now are like, this is about the point where they're like, all right, he said some funny jokes. She has these products. What the hell is she doing? Talk about CBD gummies.  industry buckets everything cannabis related into an MRB, a marijuana related business, despite the fact that CBD products are federally legal. So they just, you see, just start to interrupt you real quick, but you see marijuana, it's like literally the cops are like involved somehow like marijuana related business. They're like, Oh, bad people, marijuana. Right, right. I don't call it. I've got a suitcase coming to your house. Yeah. So, um, so when I started, I was literally having to get on the phone with people that sounded like cars  Exactly. Okay. So we then had to find out what's our options. So we went through square, but they have a very, very small allowance of CBD companies and you have to do an extreme where VC backed companies. So we were able to get into their beta program, but then you have to Shopify won't pass directly to square. So now you got to put in a third party handoff. Okay. And then there's the merchant brokers. Like what?  And then they quickly shut you down or like do they not even let you get up and running because they realize yeah The M word is part of this business exactly okay? So and you it's whack-a-mole like I literally will get down the line of an SMS platform And then they'll be like oh wait wait wait we just looked at your website your CBD Sorry, we can't we can't support you and the same with like fundraising for text message. Yeah, it's probably cuz the word marijuana cops like I'm telling I'll tell you they know that that M word is gonna pop up. Yeah, they think I'm just like yeah, so it's that it's  Like if their LPs are in the Middle East, they, I have like the double whammy cause I'm cannabis and sexual health, which in the VC world, sexual health was just made a category so that you could actually size the market and have comps. That was just three years ago. And so a lot of LPs that are coming from different parts of the world, if they're in that fund, I can't even talk to them. Dumb question. Middle Eastern LPs religious or they just don't like sex or what's going on there or combination.  And you basically use CBD in these products in the gummies and you go and you saw it on the internet except for this one twist. Yeah, I'm fascinated by this and the first time I heard this as I'm assuming most investors they go this is either shady or this is genius and like I don't know how to underwrite it. Okay, but what you basically do is you have like Tupperware style distribution. I didn't understand this until I was like  Facebook will not let me run any paid ads because we're in just a bulls. So you can have a Facebook page. You can have a personal profile, but you can't run paid ads. Right. Okay. Well, is not like weed. He bought his marijuana. He's a cop. Like, love you. Love you. Sorry. Just kidding. But like, I mean, what's up with that? So CBD, anything goes in the body or is it specifically targeting weed slash CBD slash tier THC? Yeah. Anything in just a couple of days.  If you could do paid ads for alcohol, then I'd be like, that kind of is like hypocritical. If you can't do paid ads. But you can run paid ads for Viagra. So how's that different? But is that prescribed? Pimps and hers? Is that prescribed by a doctor? Pimps and hers are not prescribed. And they have... No, but don't they? Oh, maybe not. I don't know. I don't know enough about it. But I wonder if there's like a prescription component of it in terms of if it's prescribed by a doctor, then like it's okay somehow.  So I grew up in the Midwest, small town. Everyone in the Midwest says that. My town's 800 people. That's very small. Okay, keep going. I think my high school is bigger than that. Yeah. So everyone sold, you know, Mary Kay, Rodan and Fields, you name it, right? Those are MLMs. Dumb question. What are those? So an MLM, Mary Kay makeup and Rodan Fields skincare and  tons of MLMs out there and they're predatory on low socioeconomic households. Because less than 1% of women in MLMs make money. What is the loopholes that people expose? It's I think in how they register in their like, corp docs, et cetera. There's some sort of legal finagling they do. So it's not so much the operational components, it's more the legal components. Exactly. All right. I always think of MLMs as when Bill Ackman went after  I studied MLMs because I'm from the Midwest, lots of people sell them. I'm like, what is drawing women to these things? And it came down to really two key components. They wanted to be a part of something that was like a brand and a mission that they stood for. And they wanted to make money and they were being sold this idea of making money. So what wasn't working? That what actually makes them predatory? Huge upfront costs and monthly minimums. You have to buy $500 worth of product every single month. Whether you sell it or not, they don't care. Right? And then the recruiting part,  product. If it helps them, they get an affiliate link. They talk to their friends, they host parties. They want to talk about these things that have been by society stigmatized. Like we aren't allowed to talk about sex. It's taboo. And then we're also compartmentalized. It's like, Oh, you have your, your friend group that you talk about parenting with your friend group that you talk about careers with. And then you have your like your close friends. You talk about sex with, we're creating a brand that kind of realizes that women are multi hyphenates and that we're multi hyphenate. Like you can be a mom.  And we have this entire education and community that is teaching them. So as they're making money, so average woman makes about $100 a month, rather than being like an MLM that's like, now you can go to Target or go buy more Starbucks or whatever. We're like, want to learn about Bitcoin? Let's talk about cryptocurrency. What is it? Let's talk about blockchain, et cetera. And so they're, they feel a safe space to ask all the questions. And that's my end goal is to get more than whatever it's like 10% of women holds, you know, wallets. So,  if they sell that product, they're responsible for that monthly minimum. Got it. And that's like probably a lot of money. That's most of their sales. Got it. Okay. What you're doing is you're saying, don't go recruit anybody. Instead, here's an affiliate link. No different than if I went and a company gave me an affiliate link and I tweeted it. Exactly. Versus if I said, Hey, five friends come over and then like, I'm gonna like tap on the phone for you. Yeah. Exactly. Okay. And so really the biggest difference is  is I have multiple friends who have taken the gummies and people that focus on Twitter will know. And they swear by them. And like one of my friends is very, very health conscious to the point where like one time I had to ask him, I was like, I think I noticed like you don't drink either. And he was like, no. And I was like, you don't eat carbs really. And he was like, not really. And then I was like, okay, well what about this weed thing? And he was like, oh, it's very healthy. And he explained it to me. And it was the whole idea of like the melatonin and the CBD made help.  like brokers and stuff, which we'll get to in a second. But then also from a distribution standpoint, you've almost like created this whole different different distribution plan. Some of it is like oldest time. The affiliate model is old as time. Exactly. It's just that you're now infusing education, community, et cetera together. And it seems to be working. Yeah. Yeah. Why don't why doesn't everybody use I get DMS all the time from DTC founders being like, how do you do this? How are you managing them? And so we see an opportunity there as well because they're  Most the old-school dispensaries were like just cash because of that reason I was joking when I said that but like that actually makes a lot of yeah Because literally they could do any payment processing so it's cash only exactly Man and no wonder everyone was like, oh, these are like bad people because they're only doing cash. But it's like no you're forcing us to only forcing us Yeah, okay. So why don't you do cash? Because we're digital like you want to make sure that it's scalable and doesn't feel shady and who's using cash like women aren't walking around with like like Sally down the street  And basically all the affiliate link. Yep. If you can track that all the way through, then you're able to pay them. Exactly. How do you do the split? Like how much do you guys take for us? How much do they get paid? They get a high, like it's 20 to 25% affiliate commission, which is higher than most affiliates because that's the money that I would have to pay Google and Facebook to acquire sales. So I just redid my entire model to say, I'm not giving a dollar to Google and Facebook. That is going to women who are supportive of the company.  I have 500 women who are so 500. Yeah that are doing the parties. Yeah, there are weed parties happening in this country. Y'all don't know about let me tell you about these weed parties Sally's got a lot of friends. They ain't got no cash, but they got weed All right. So wait, what like how does this happen? I'm a woman and I see this and I'm like I need to I want to participate Yeah, I want to make money. I have friends. They want weed about Bitcoin like all the things  I didn't realize is this community that was happening kind of behind the social media wall. I realized that there's a lot of things that Twitter can't do for women where a lot of women don't want to talk about their sex lives in the public eye, but they want to talk about it in a group of people that can support them, etc. So this idea of a community that they can reach out to, but then what I'm learning because I'm a marketer, I've been marketer for 15 years, a lot of marketers have come in. They're teaching a lot of things.  the marketing as a life scope. For sure. Everything is marketing or sales and sometimes both. When they come in, do you see anything interesting in the data? So you have 500 women that are holding the kind of parties. It's not just parties, I'm assuming. They're also doing other things because it's just an affiliate link. So you don't have to have a party. Hey guys, what's going on? Before we continue with this awesome episode, I want to quickly talk about our sponsor Kraken. For the last 10 years, Kraken has built one of the best platforms to buy  track your favorite project, or just simply look at the trading volume for your favorite assets. It is all the features you need without any of the complexity. It's simply the best place to buy and sell cryptocurrencies. So go to kraken.com slash bang bang to learn more, or go to your favorite app store and simply search the word Kraken and you can download the mobile app there. Kraken's been a long time supporter of this show. So to say thanks, it would mean the world to me if you would go and download their new mobile app. All right, let's get back into this episode. I hope you're enjoying this one.  influencer programs, right? It doesn't matter how many followers somebody has. It's how much engagement and what kind of engagement are people asking like, Oh my gosh, where did you get this thing? Are they truly, truly invested and feel that emotional connection to the creator? And that's the core component of all the wise women. It's like, if they actually tried the products and they slept better, like your friend and he's like, I, I sleep so much better with this thing. You're now more inclined to try it, right? And so it's first  having with the wise men. They're tweeting about it. They're telling, they're posting on Instagram and they're selling like a lot. A lot. Do men or women sell more? Probably women. We just have, we reach more women. Yeah. Yeah. Like on average, men are buying the product. It's like degree deodorant. Their home marketing campaign was like strong enough for a woman made for a man or is like strong enough for a man made for a woman. Yeah. Yeah. Huh. And so I guess part of this then becomes you have to have the right product.  Which is millennial women helping them understand what is it? Yeah, because they can't buy it if they don't even know it or trust it so step one is we're doing all this education around what is Bitcoin was the future of currency and Then giving them the option. Hey, you made $100 this month One in Fiat one in Bitcoin. Yep, so that's step one to me because it's almost like what you're really doing is you're helping people generate income and then once they get the income you're trying to help educate them in terms of  and  from big tech to the people who are your ambassadors community community has been a buzzword in the marketing world for like the past two years. Like how do you build authentic community? If you're actually doing that, then how do you activate them as salespeople as more and more brands do that? There's not good software out there. And so how do we really kind of stay ahead of that? This is a wild idea and I just had it so I could be completely wrong. Hit me. The wise women are basically retail locations. Yeah. It's the future. Yeah.  customers into their living room. Yeah. Our company is named after Brownie Wise who created the Tupperware party. Who? Brownie Wise. She's the woman who created the Tupperware party. That's her first name, Brownie. Yeah. For some reason that makes a lot of sense that you would be the Tupperware party creator and your first name would be Brownie. What is her story? She wanted to empower women after the war to make money in their households. So created this idea of selling Tupperware from your home. Earl Tupper, who is the creator of the storage thing,  that women control the household spending like there's all the kind of data that suggests like if you basically convince the mother of the household game over. And that's why the two most important demographics if you're building a technology company to get into is teen like teenage to like young 20s females who then share talk whatever it's not physical products like hey you said like  Whatever, yeah. Whatever your mom grabbed off the shelf. That's crazy. Do you use the same toothpaste that your mom bought? Honestly, I don't know what my mom ever bought. The thing that I always go back to is the best thing my mother ever did was at the age of maybe, I don't know, probably by the age of 14, 13, my brothers and I all, when we hit that age, we knew how to do our own laundry. And that's like my mom's big thing was like, you have to do your own laundry. But here was the thing was,  Of course, if your sons are all able to use the laundry room at free will, even within the rules, fist fights just randomly break out. Like your brother walks down the stairs and actually knows you're just fighting and your mom breaks up. He's like, what are you guys doing? And you're like, he's wearing my socks. And she's like, how do you know that your socks and you're like, cause they're black. She's like, but he is black socks and not those black socks. Oh my gosh. Like that is literally what happens.  separate washing machines has solved this problem, but if you guys go on trips how How old do you have to be to use the CBD? We say 21 21 that's the thing and so does this infiltrate into colleges? Yeah, so we do have we we've never targeted that demographic yet Just because we believe that again moms have a lot of influence Yeah, we wanted we started this in the pandemic like I raised two rounds in the pandemic because I saw all of my mom friends  I remember in college, there's a group of friends of mine. If anyone got into anything, like, hey man, these shoes are really comfortable. It was like, bam, literally everyone happened. So a demographic we're talking to now is hairstylist because you sit in that chair as a woman for like three hours and you talk about everything. Really? Yeah. Man. See, I don't think guys do that. I don't think guys talk to the barbers. No, they talk to each other, but they don't talk to the barbers and not so much. Okay. It also depends what type of barbershop you go to.  I just caught my own. Yeah, whatever. No, that person knows your like intricacies of your life. Really? Yeah. Cause you go there like if you're like me and blonde and you're going like every eight weeks and. So you just see them over and over and over and over again. And then you trust them because you trust them with your hair. So like if they tell you to get ingestibles, then like your whatever. Yeah. So there's lots of these like it's all about exactly, but it's all about that trust factor. Like who do you confide in for recommendations? And we are,  People just fork it over like as if like, I don't know they'd have no clue where the money goes But they're just like here's some cash. Yeah, and then they're like eat this flesh and blood and yeah, but even that's like our as part of their religion piece but like I've always been fascinated since I was a little kid and they would pass that basket around a Catholic church and people would just put cash in and then it would go to a Random person and I used to always bet I know they're taking it like I like I don't know who that is like like some kid but you're telling me that kids carrying around a couple hundred dollars in a basket  people to go get CBD. I guarantee they go get it. Potentially that you sound not as excited about getting the priest. I don't think they'd be aligned with my core mission of the house of Jesus is the house of lies. Yeah, that's a different house. Pomp like very different house than we're going to have to say. All right. What other groups we think a lot about massage, like where you go to get massages. I think that same dynamic as where you will. And also like where  has a person, but I don't know, a instructor person. Oh yeah. Who she used to go to the classes and I don't really know what goes on there, but she comes back says like, it was a good workout. Okay. And then during the pandemic, the classes moved on zoom. Yeah. And I made the mistake of one time walking into the room while this was all going on and fascinating. They're all like talking to each other. Like I didn't really understand it, but they were like,  this like cult-like mentality of being a part of something. And I think fitness kind of took over in the last couple of years. What's your take on astrology? Is this real? Every time Mercury's in retrograde, I swear something happens, but literally- I don't know what that means. That was like another sign. That was like another language. Literally, like everyone dating nowadays, it's like, should we pair on cosign? And I'm like, what? It's an app that tells you if you're compatible. I'm out. So I don't know. I don't know.  like how do you react in this situation? And it allows you a framework to talk about it. It's like, oh, I'm a Libra. That means I care about balance. And so then I talk about how I achieve balance in my life. I think all of those things are just like rooted in self-awareness and wanting to get people to connect with you on a deeper level. That's how I feel it. So I buy all of that for the most part. What is your birthday thing? What's my birthday?  And what does that mean? Like, does people who are not Libra's care about doing right? Is everyone else a scumbag? I don't know because I don't know if I fully believe in it, but I think it's a way to talk about like, OK, I believe in justice and balance. And here's how I approach it. But what are you? I'm a Gemini. And I have no clue what that means. If I was an astrology girl, I'd be like, yeah, I knew that. I knew you were a Gemini. No, here's the best part. I have no clue what a Gemini means except for Polina one day goes, do you know who  But my whole thing is just the astrology thing is very similar to religion to me, which is also very similar to school where there's a trust, which seemed like a lot similar to like what you're doing, right? Which is just like, if you get people together and they trust each other and they put value in the recommendations that they make, what's the difference between saying, hey, you're born in this month, let me do, or maybe tarot cards are different. Okay, whatever. Same thing. It's all the same.  way so you're gonna have what is mercury keeps