 Alright guys bang bang I'm here with a legend absolute legend of South Florida really the whole world, but what's going on man? How are you mark everything's great? Thanks. All right You are one of the owners of the highest grossing club per square foot in the world with 11 There's a club here in Miami you guys started to take Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies as payment  seem like a idea that you had to do. So when you announced it, I think at first you were like, oh, you know, it's just like kind of a nonsense move. They're just announcing it. They're not going to actually accept it or people aren't going to really pay. But people have been paying in Bitcoin, right? Well, you know, the funny thing is you don't just say I'm paying crypto and all of a sudden you start processing it. It took a lot of complexities to figure it out. And our guys that worked for us were incredible at it. And we figured it out. We do trial and error. We tried a few different things.  profitable move and a wise move and everything that comes with it. And we were proud to be the first ones. And we're also planning on staying with it and leading the forefront because we're very big believers in Bitcoin and the cryptocurrencies. So I know that you hopefully this isn't shared too much. I know that you own some Bitcoin, right? You're very interested in the space. The club's now accepting it and people have already paid, but they're not just paying like $20 for a drink, right? I mean, these people who are buying tables, they're  and you helped me believe in it and it's kind of contagious because people see I believe in it and people see you believe in it and now in Miami everybody's moving down here in the crypto world so Miami's becoming like the crypto capital of the world and I'm just really glad to be learning and meeting people and get involved. I really believe it's the embryonic stages and I think it's gonna be a significant part of our business going forward. Yeah, I tend to agree. There's a second part of what you do. So I think most people know of 11 gold  I was a guard. We had a really good team, Division I. We were one of the top 20 teams in the country, actually. We had a really good team. And I had these aspirations of being a pro, and they were very quickly dimmed when I started playing college. I had a very good first year, and then we had a teammate of mine, Russell Boo Bowers, who was the leading scorer in the entire country. And about midway through the season, Boak  Don't go near American North, you're going to jail. So me the enterprising young man I was, I said I want to be his agent. So I started giving him my Perdia money, I started hanging out with him, I started becoming his best friend, and lo and behold he made me his agent. All right, so hold on a second. You're his teammate, but you realize that all these agents all want to be his agent, and because they think he's going to be highly selected in the NBA draft, all this stuff, and you're like, well why would we let them be the agent, why don't I just be your agent?  like you need to sign them. I go, so you say, okay, let's partner up. So I signed them, we became partners. I started signing other athletes. And all of a sudden I said, okay, I'm not going to be a pro, I know this. And if I stay in the school any longer back then, there was all kinds of stuff going on in college. Learning wasn't one of them. So I said, I better get out of here. So I left college after three semesters and I started my sports business. All right. And so when you sign him and then you start going to other athletes, what's your pitch to them? Oh, my pitch was, my pitch of them was,  business. Matter of fact, I was the first one to take a sports management company public on the national NASDAQ. So how long into the lifetime of the companies before you take it public? Well, I started signing guys up. The first thing I do is get into signing up guys and I was about 19. I got a call from the local PAL representative and he said to me, cause I was a big article about me, my local paper, I was talking to all these guys, I'm an agent,  Did these animals working out like peace? So I go what you the three best here? He goes right over here. He says national champ national champ national champ. So I'll take all three He said okay. We put the trainer obvious listen. Here's the way it works You gotta put the trainer on a salary you got to give the guys a little money each week You got to get him fights and you'll build them up. I don't know anything about boxing So it's okay. I'll take them so I went I said okay. Well, I get the money for all this the 19 year old kid  So I went out and I begged, borrowed, I was literally called every friend I ever met, talked to her dads, her uncles, her aunts, everybody, and I raised the money in a liberal partnership. That was my first big raise. All right, so you did six units at 50K, and now you got $300,000, and what do you do with it? I housed the guys, I fed the guys, I put the trader on retainer, salary, built a little bit of a gym, and then I went out to try to find a fight. So I remember I called up Bob Lee,  first fight. It's a four round fight. My guy gets in there. He knocks the guy from ring post to ring post to ring post to ring post. We're going, yeah, I can't believe we don't have our first victory. There's 15,000 people in the stadium because Marlon's son is a big jewel. The decision comes in. My guy lost. How the heck did that happen? So I started explaining to me the facts of life of boxing because you can't fight a guy in his hometown. You got to knock him out. Nobody told me that. So on the way home, I say, you know what?  All of a sudden sales started picking up and picking up and picking up the fight sold out 3,000 people packed arena packed house what happened was I was playing from Jersey was a little bit of a urban area and the day before the fight two days before a fight was when the welfare checks came out and Everybody got money. Everybody started buying tickets. I didn't know I was just lucky to draw the luck of the real draw I sold the place out a very successful show as the youngest person ever to promote a professionals boxing match Then hold that distinction  Then I started, we took that company public to the number one company on Wall Street at the time called DH Blair, National NASDAQ, built that company up, that company sold for, everybody made a lot of money, a lot of money. That seems to be a recurring theme when you are involved in the business, everyone makes a lot of money. Yeah, that's the idea, that's definitely the idea. And then a couple years later I took another sports management company public and we did football, basketball, NASCAR, we did a lot of sports,  I bought a place at South Beach and I've been here ever since and I was to retire for a year. And what I did is I used to go around to new construction jobs and give deposits on units. This was Miami was just starting to get really booming with the high rises. I bought maybe a hundred condos and I started making a lot of money just on. You were just buying the units and then renting them out. No, no, I just bought the, I bought the units pre-construction, gave it deposit.  right here at the view at Prickle. The view at Prickle right over here, it's right around the corner. We put that high rise, we converted like 355 units there. What you do is you buy a rental building, you basically put some little paint down, paint the walls a little bit. In the garden apartments you paint the parking space a little white stripes, but two banks in each room and just put them for sale. And then you convert them into condos. You got to go to condo docks, you take the rentals, convert them into condos.  and predominantly speaking about downtown Miami. And downtown Miami's not even have any cultures or any distinctions. Fast forward to today, you have the Park West area which 11 is in, which is gonna be the hottest booming area where all the big high rises are being built, where the train station is, the Grand Central Station that takes you to West Palm and Fort Lauderdale now, there's stations being built in Aventura and Boca. Orlando will be opening up next year, then it's gonna go to Jacksonville and Tampa  Then from there you have the tentacles you have the Wynwood you have the Midtown you have the design district Then those are all to the north then to the south you have the CBD district Central Business District Which is right before we hit the brickle then you have brickle which has always been booming because that was the first area really built up with the financial markets and condos because the area of Park West where 11 is people used to come down and big tractor trailers to come down to go to the cargo port you have to come off the exit and  some, we stayed in some. And today my partner primarily is Michael Simpkins when we trot around, Brent cylinders and Iris Saffir Steve. You know, Michael and I own most of it. And then we have a few other partners in other smaller pieces, but we own about 12 acres, enough to build maybe like 20 high rises. All right. And so as you do this, at what point do you say, I want to get into the club business? Cause I think that this story is fascinating in terms of as you're buying up the land, I don't think the club  And he points to the club. There was a strip club there called Gold Rush. We renamed a club that we have up on 77th and Biscayne Gold Rush, but this was Gold Rush. This was the original Gold Rush since 92. This was an outright down and dirty dingy, gum on the floor. You wouldn't even walk in kind of place. You'd have to shower for a week. But it was open 24 hours. And my friend says, what's with that? It's the only thing on the neighborhood.  get a beard, another person, to go in and buy something. So I called up a buddy of mine and said, you're gonna buy my beard. Go in, call the CFO of the company, see what the story is. Just happened to catch when the owner of the place was, he was in a hospital and he was ill and wasn't looking good for him for the future. Let's just put it that way. So we did what we do best, we penetrated him, we got him out of the way.  70s, the 80s, the 90s. This guy was really old school. So I ended up getting on a contract. The minute the word got out that I had on a contract, every strip club operator in the country, you name them, from scores to hustler to Sapphire, you name it, they came to see me. And at that time, my partner, Michael Simpkins, we said, you know what? Let's just beat everybody and see what they have in mind. And why did they want to come see you guys? They wanted to help you operate it.  Everybody's rep. So my partner, Michael Simpkins and I, we're looking at each other and going, man, these people came fast. They didn't just come over a period of a month. They came within a week. We met everybody in the whole industry. They came fast and furious. It was like you were the prettiest girl at the prom. I mean, it was unbelievable. So we said, you know what? Why don't we go try to put together a management team ourself? See, we do this ourselves. Who are these guys? We can find the right team. So we met and started to view other people who's going to manage us. Michael and I, we don't manage clubs. We don't run clubs.  Then we started forming a concept and you know a lot of people came up with a concept They want to do this under that Dennis had a real clear Real clear vision of Michael and I had as well it agreed with I'm turning it into what 11 is today a very very high-end nightclub with a very small component of You have beautiful girls because 11 is anything but us we don't use that word No, many of our staff ever use that word. They feel it's just get a lot of demerits Yeah, you know it's what 11 is  And it was very challenging at first because everybody thought we were nuts. How are you ever going to make that money back? What are you doing? Like, what are you doing? And at the beginning, these other guys, because you didn't have to have a beautiful girl component, the girls, everybody, these girls worked elsewhere. They were telling them clubs all throughout Florida, if you go work at 11, you're never going to work at this club again and you're never going to work at any club again. So we say, oh man, you know, these girls are going to know  And towards the end of the first year, we said, we're onto something. And then all the girls started coming because the word was out. All the heavy hitters were coming there. Money was being made with social media today. It doesn't take long for the word to get out when these girls start making money. And now fast forward today and we're the number one club in the world. We're the number one club in almost every category. You know, we're number one club selling for our school tequila or vodka or 11 voc is unbelievable.  to blockfi.com slash pomp. Again, blockfi.com slash pomp. Go check it out and let me know what you think. All right, let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it. Where did the brand come from? So you have the 11 hat on. It's very unique in terms of, for those that can't see it, it's basically the word 11 spelled, but rather than one L, there's basically two Ls or the number 11, right? So it's E 11 and then EVEN. Where did that brand come from? Well, 11 is on 11th street.  They all got together and Michael and I loved it and we just ran with it and it became iconic. I mean, you see these hats everywhere. I go out of the country, I see them. I got the West Coast, I see them. They're all over New York, everyone in Miami. And like I said, we sell seven figures a year in hats, which is pretty incredible because most people give hats away for name recognition. You sell these hats for $50 a hat. And then we have another hat that lights up and we sell that for $100 a hat. And we can't keep them in stock. Mark Roberts, the hat salesman of the year.  In downtown Miami, so we're kind of protecting ourselves by we want to own both we like monopolies and Gold Rush has really taken off because it's an alternative. It's not didn't like 11 at all, but people love gold rush They love going there. They have a great time there. It's a different vibe so it's a complimentary because pick echo to 11 every night even though some people do so I Mean both places not going to doing fantastic, but 11 is the catalyst  Yeah, yeah. And so the 11 brand now you guys are branching out and you've got 11 residences. So maybe describe like the residence tower and kind of what you guys are doing there. Well, the 11 hotel and residences is our big goal, especially this year is to expand our IP. And we were very cognizant of what happened with Playboy. Playboy went out in February in a $400 million market cap. Today it sits at a $2 billion market cap. Like I can even find a play by. I don't even, I don't know anybody even reads a Playboy.  of course the hats and then we started our own vodka, which, you know, Nikki Simpkins, who's my partner, Michael's wife is the CEO. We've done a really good job and Nikki's done an amazing job of getting it all over Florida. Our strategy with the vodka is let's dominate Florida first, put it everywhere we can, saturate Florida. Obviously, the only vodka we serve at the club, which alone is a huge business, and then we'll take it national. We've came out, you know, less than a year ago and we're in almost a thousand places.  And everybody loves it. The taste, by the way, it's made here in Miami. It's local and we've gotten some great local supports from everybody and it's locus. So, you know, I support everything local and everybody here has been phenomenal supporting it and branching out into other counties. So now we have the vodka. So then we said, OK, how we can make this more iconic, the IP. So last year we we went and we said, let's build an 11 hotel and residences, but it's got to be iconic. It's got to be the best of the best because 11 stands for the best.  best high-rise builder. And PMG, property management group, is built up like probably a hundred high-rises, very successful. So we teamed up with them and two lead partners are Kevin Maloney and Ryan Shear. And Ryan lives here in Miami and we got to get to know him real well. We started figuring out a lot of synergies and we trusted him and he's a great hard worker. He's got the culture we were looking for. So we partnered up with them and we started designing the  Fast we sold it out without a sales office. We don't have a sales office built yet And we sold out the club wasn't even open the club was closed the middle of Covid. It's crazy So it's really crazy. It's a world record We set like PMG never sold anything out that fast nobody's ever seen anything sell it that fast and the clientele we sold it to our mega names that we're getting ready to announce some of them they're gonna mind-boggling names still a lot of You know the kind of people that everybody wants to associate themselves with be around and it's what we're gonna create  studios. It's going to be the place where everybody's going to want to be. And our pool party is be second to none. Nobody's ever going to see a pool party like this ever that they're going to see at a level hotel residences. What is the like average price of a unit there? Right? So just so people get a sense for it. Well, the average square foot price is $1,150 a square foot. And I'd say the average price is hovers around a million bucks. We sold one unit for $22 million, which broke all the records in downtown Miami.  the record for a condo sale in downtown Miami for $22 million and somebody bought it with, I don't know if it was Bitcoin or something else. Well, here's the way it's gonna work. The first 10% deposits we've not announced yet that we were taking crypto. Crypto wasn't even like really on our radar screen. We took the first 10. It was a little bit on it. But then when all the momentum started building and the conference came and I started becoming so gung-ho on it and become such a believer, the second deposits that we're accepting crypto  Very big believer in Bitcoin. All right. And so as you're doing this, what's next for the 11 brand, right? So you've got the club, you've got the vodka, you've got the residents and hotel. Are you going to look for more opportunities to leverage the brand and kind of do iconic things and build out the IP? Yes. There's some things in the crypto field, very excited things that I really don't want to announce because everybody's got a copy of these days. So I do it. I know we're going to be trying to copy us. I'll tell you offline, of course. You're my crypto guru, of course.  We could handle the crypto, we could handle, for instance, like we want to do a cannabis, perhaps. We want to do a lingerie, we want to do sunglass line. We want to do anything that anybody will license. We really want to be in the licensing business, because that's where the money is. You license our name, we'll oversee it, and we'll help market it and push it. But let's say we want to hook up with the top sunglass manufacturer, we'll hook up with the lingerie manufacturer. We'll hook up with the, you know, maybe the top cannabis  and now all of a sudden you can create something that people want and really differentiate yourself from the competitors in that market. Yeah, well I don't think anybody has the brand recognition we have right now. We've done studies and all that. Our brand is super, super strong. It's well recognized. The demographics that it's recognized with, the exact demographic that advertisers go after. Listen, how many demographics you have where you can go from, I mean teenage kids aspire to go to 11,000.  than men on a lot of nights. Really? More women than men. A fact. We do more bachelorette parties than bachelor parties. That's a fact. Wow. That's why the brand is so unique and so strong. Because most people would associate men going there, bachelor parties, that type of stuff. But actually it's more female and more bachelorette parties. I'd say it's, it'd be really out of golf throughout the year. It's maybe 55, 45, which is astounding. Yep. But that's just another example. It has nothing to do with a strip club. Nothing to do with it. It has everything to do with it.  the best experience and they go home and talk about it and so on and so forth. We literally were building a brand. We just didn't know how powerful tool we start looking at each other. Okay. We really got something here, lightning in a bottle. And in the next, uh, this year you're going to see us lay an infrastructure and I think we'll see, uh, 11 getting licensed in a lot of, uh, areas with a lot of credibility to it. You're an IP, uh, company that's licensing a great brand. And what I think I appreciate the most about you is you're  I was the first one to go to a professional boxing match in 19. I was the first one to take a sports management company public before I was 30. And then when I got down here, everybody said, nobody's been reported all this, so many pre-construction. So I put that a little bit in the first bracket. Then we started doing condo conversions. We were among the first, they really got into that. And then of course, I was the first one to start assembling land,  We have great partners and we're all aligned in what we're doing and building. And we first mover and everything we do because we do quick. When everybody's aligned, things could work very quickly. These big corporations, it takes between the red tape. That's why it could take them forever. That's why entrepreneurs will always win the day. So we like to fancy ourselves as entrepreneurs, fast movers, and we're well-financed and we can move quickly and that's, I think, gonna win the day.  I came out my book and my book is more of like rules like my philosophies my business philosophies teachings and I had a huge publicity campaign going like a half a million dollar publicity campaign in place by my publisher I Had the Oprah Winfrey show back then if you wanted the Oprah Winfrey show game over guaranteed number one seller Roger King on the Oprah Winfrey show He had me set up there. I was gonna be there. I wasn't not gonna be the book of the day I was gonna book in a month. We had the whole thing lined up for me  very offering simultaneously with my book launch. So, you know, I go on, my book came out, I go on Giants against the Green Bay Packers on a Sunday afternoon at 12 o'clock. I got interviewed right before the game by Donahan over Giuliani, Rudy Giuliani's wife at the time. Started asking me about my book. So of course I got to talk about the company. I started talking about the company, World Wide Entertainment. I started talking about this and that. I just said enough, two minutes go by. It was a two minute quick thing.  million Oprah Winfrey and this is going back a while back now. This is going back like 22 years. Obviously 25 million went out. So I call my publisher. I said, listen, I got very bad news for you. This guy put a half, like this guy was like ready to go. This guy does 300 books a year. I was the number one book obviously in a year. This guy threw these, we were in gold. I said, let's go