 Alright guys bang bang I have the mayor of my oh just kidding I've deli in here. What's up Prince of Miami the Prince of Miami exactly Let's get started talking about space Varda is a company that you co-founded while working at Founders Fund What is going on in space? Like why do you want to do this? I've been thinking about space since like I don't know I was a kid maybe like 2007 8 like, you know freshman year of high school and it was just like fascinating  I got to start to do this actually professionally. And so that was part of why I actually joined venture was because I found it to be the best way to do it earlier on in my career. I basically thought that there were a couple different paths. One, I had a bunch of friends from MIT that actually went to work at SpaceX, some of whom still work there. But I'm a pretty good engineer. I don't know if I want to be an engineer 90% of the day. What I like is I can do the engineering plus business plus a little marketing storytelling. I like a diverse set of skill sets that I work on. So I didn't want to do that.  supposed to figure out how to co-found a company and kind of was like half EIR, half chief of staff type thing. I actually sourced a space company and I was like, oh shit, I can do the space stuff today. And so it's kind of this whole left turn of my life where I was like, okay, screw the being the founder thing. I'm going to do the venture thing, really lean into this. And I'm going to make sure that one of my focus areas is just like, I'm going to keep doing space. And so invested in that first space company, started spending a ton of time going to space conferences, meeting everybody. And when you see it from afar, it feels like crypto and other industries the same way where it's like, it feels  eventually how Varda came about. But the thing that I kept tracking was like, you know, a lot of the like, let's say like, you know, mobile industry and a lot of like, you know, SaaS was enabled by AWS, you know, getting really, really cheap and you know, 2006, 2007. And I always describe it like Elon with SpaceX is basically the equivalent of AWS, where this asset that used to be extremely expensive, only accessible to governments, like was a pain in the ass. I rocket launches is now like, dude, you can book on SpaceX's website, a 200 kilogram satellite, you can send it up for a million bucks. Literally just like  You can literally just do this purely purely digitally It's that's what I started to track and got me really excited about Varda where I was like, okay this AWS like cost I launch cost are now cheap enough where it's not just satellites that are now economical space manufacturing is economic Okay, so what is space manufacturing? That's the whole point of Varda is to do space manufacturing. So what is that? Yeah, so I describe it as like we're doing space manufacturing for earth There's a lot of people that think about space manufacturing in space So it's like building stuff in space or doing like lunar ice mining and stuff like that like that's that's cool But that stuff's like  The way you can think about it is if you try to print a human organ on earth, it like flops over because of gravity versus if you're in zero G you can kind of keep printing it and you can see you can print a really complex organ. There are semiconductors that have been shown, fiber optic cables, basically a ton of materials that have been shown up there. And so in early 2020, actually before starting Varda, I went and talked to all of these researchers that had done this type of microgravity stuff. And I was like, great, super cool. You guys have done this on the ISS, but the ISS is never going to be like a commercial factory. NASA is not going to allow a bunch of fucking like, you know, line workers up there. We got to do this independently.  I  Space X rocket lab, you know, they could just send the rockets and you can you don't have to go to the ISS You can go to any destination exactly. You can go wherever you want to see that part still stays the same But now okay, we got to go independent of the ISS That means now we got to power ourselves communicate with ourselves that part actually also pretty easy because look at starlink Look at you know Planet Labs. They they power satellites up there. They communicate with them. They have batteries up there Okay, so that part's pretty easy the actual glove box. It's like, okay Well now we're gonna take that same glove box that fiber optic unit that you know Whatever, you know human organs that people are making take  me from the cold air that's basically around me. And that's how most things get cooled down in manufacturing processes. So you have a really hot semiconductor. The way that it cools off on a typical Intel manufacturing line is the air around it basically just cools it down. In vacuum, there's no air. And so if something gets hot, it just stays hot. And so what you have to do is you have to use these what are called radiative cooling tubes. And then the way that they basically work is the little semiconductor glows a little bit red when it gets  Exactly. So that's the maybe tricky part, but other than that, everything in some ways is much easier when you leave the ISS because you can go bigger, more materials, more chemicals. The ISS doesn't have those same, or you don't have the limitations from the ISS. But in the part that all these researchers were really scared of is, okay, we finished those materials, got to bring them back down to Earth. That's what everybody's really scared of. Because the counterintuitive thing is right now it's actually quite easy to get up to space. What we do is we take a rocket, we get it out of the atmosphere, and then we go really, really fast. And that's how we actually orbit. And the hard part for a rocket isn't  with their dragon program, right? So whenever you see the astronauts coming back, the trickiest part of that whole journey is when they come back going really, really fast through the atmosphere. Same thing with the Apollo era days. That's like the most dangerous part for the astronauts when they're coming back. How fast are they going when they're re-entering? You're going like, man, I hope any space engineer reading this doesn't correct me on this, but I think 14,000 kilometers per second. So you're talking like real, real fast. Multiple G forces in terms of... To give you a sense of like, so we take these materials... Yes, you go through roughly eight Gs at the peak.  There's a satellite or a vehicle there and then I have to get back. What is the process to get the materials off of the thing that goes up into the actual testing or manufacturing facility? And then how do I get it back? Is that all robotic? Yeah. So the first time we're actually just sending everything up already pre-connected. In the future, for sure, we'll be doing docking and moving around. But the first time we actually send the satellite looking thing, the factory looking thing, and what we call the reentry capsule, we actually just send that all connected already.  And so you're going so so fast like you have to be extremely precise about like where you enter and so a lot of the problem is like convincing the FEA Hey, we're gonna make sure to do a very sort of like controlled reentry In a very sort of tight area such that we don't accidentally like, you know land in somebody's house and like kill him Is this the whole it was a Chinese rocket or something that was like coming back and if people were like, oh it could land in Asia or the United States You're like wait, that's a pretty big area exactly So that gives you a sense of like how fast you're going like think about like you think about like a 747. Yeah, that's fast. That's 500 miles per hour  really hard. Part of what we're doing is we're coming in hot and fast on purpose. That little atmosphere that's up high doesn't sort of affect our path. And we can actually much more precisely say, Hey, FAA, we're going to come down like right here and we're going to make sure that there's no humans around and like not going to hit anybody. Do you want to land on land or in the ocean? Um, it is much simpler engineering problem to land on land. And so when we, when we fly, we will be the first commercial reentry vehicle to ever land on land. Um, so dragon Apollo, all of those have landed like  easier to just like you throw a parachute up and then you just hit the water rather than like, you know, if you hit ground going those speeds that actually can be like, you know, harmful to the astronauts. And so mostly it's like the reason we land on water is just like, it's an easier engineering problem. Splashdown is a lot easier than hard ground. Yeah. And it's funny because they're reusable rocket lands. They're like, Oh, the land thing, there's like regulations of why don't we just create a drone, a drone ship and then we'll just use that to land on. Like that's wild. Yeah. I mean, that was part of the reason they did the drone ship too, was just like, you know, it makes it a lot easier for testing. You don't have to clear everything.  if we were to eventually satisfy the entire market that we're going after, we would have multiple of our reentry capsules coming down per day, and we would be buying a SpaceX rocket every other day. And that's just us. And so there's a world where SpaceX, between Varda and all the other companies that are coming up, are literally launching a rocket multiple times a day. And we're not talking about that being a decade away. We're talking about that being like, this year, they launched so far already 28 rockets. So it means they're on track for doing on the order of like 50 or 60.  basically $5,000 a kilogram today for like SpaceX. And so when we think about it, we think about, okay, how much of our entire, so I mentioned that whole thing, the satellite, the factory, the reentry, how much of that is actually the useful raw materials, right? Cause like that's what we're really getting paid for. In our early missions, it'll probably more look like 5% of the entire thing is going to be the useful raw materials. Part of why eventually we want to leave the factory up there and dock with the raw materials is it makes it so that rather than being 5%, it's actually like 50%.  for more than $100,000 a kilogram. Turns out, if you look at semiconductors and fiber optics and human organs and things like that, most of those things, if you wear it on a per kilo basis, they actually sell for a lot more than that. And so that was basically what I was tracking in the back of my head. I'd been thinking about space manufacturing for like a decade. It just didn't work if it was $100,000 a kilogram. Because again, that net cost of taking things to launch was like millions of dollars a kilogram. And there's not many materials that sell for millions of dollars a kilogram, but there's a lot of things that sell for hundreds of thousands at all. So really the equation it seems like is what's the cost of the raw goods?  Exactly, exactly. And that makes the economics a lot better because like right now, each time we're paying for the factory with each mission that we send up. But the factory, once the reentry module leaves, that thing just unfortunately burns up in the atmosphere because it doesn't have a heat shield and all the things you need to bring it back down. But over time, we'll just have factories up there and we'll start off with one and then we'll start off with two and then 10. And then like the thing that gets me really excited about FART is again, we scale based off of commercial markets, the size on earth, rather than just pure government dollars. And so if you track that exponential equation of like once you need one factory,  It's actually a lot easier to get to space than it is to build a robotic arm that it's as dexterous as a human is When you think about this You're going really really fast after a massive market one of the things that I noticed you do I've seen Keith Roy on the open door I'm sorry open store deck he recently had is The number of days since you started and I don't know where this came from but I've now noticed on multiple people doing it Why do you guys do that?  way to institute an ethos. Cause at the end of the day, the thing that is always difficult about startups is early on, it's easy to move super fast. When you're like six people in a room, you all can communicate really easy, et cetera. Once you become 600, all of a sudden just decisions start to slow down. Things start to slow down. And so in some ways you can almost always predict how successful startup is going to be just off of how fast they move. And this is just like a really simple cultural way of enforcing very fast movement. Cause when you're measuring things on the order of days, then it's a great, like, you know, I sometimes joke, like, you know, we have like a big deadline at Varda, for example,  You do have launch days, but in a space company, you have launch days. Those are clear delineation and marker in the company's life. And so yeah, it started there and I feel like it is spreading amongst other founders that I know that are also now starting to be obsessive about it. But yeah, every single All Hands, at Varda, every single Monday morning, we start off with, it is day XYZ, this number of days till launch, where we know whatever, 15% of the way to our first launch. Why is All Hands on Monday? Most companies in Silicon Valley have done  I walked into the factory one day and there was like a 70 foot American flag hanging in the factory and I was like, this is amazing. Like in the San Francisco Bay area, being patriotic is actually like somehow a polarizing topic versus something about your, when you're working in the world of aerospace, it's by default patriotic. And we were just asking, it was like, I love that I didn't like ask for this at all. And I was like, who did this? And like a couple of engineers were like, yeah, we just got drunk last night, got a big ladder or this of Amazon and like, you know, immediately installed. And I was like, this is, I love that part of the culture. And then the second is there's just less of like a culture around like, I don't know, there's not this like, yeah, all hands,  closer to like, you know, Apple culture of, you know, no free lunches. We do actually do free lunches, but...  and simply search the word Kraken and you can download the mobile app there. Kraken's been a long time supporter of this show. So to say thanks, it would mean the world to me if you would go and download their new mobile app. All right, let's get back into this episode. I hope you're enjoying this one. You work at Founders Fund and spend majority of your time investing. So Varda is a big piece of what you're focused on now, but you do spend a lot of time investing. I feel like everyone at Founders Fund is red-pilled. Like just everyone has unique views. They say what they want and what they mean.  people's exact underlying politics because there's actually a wide array of politics for sure. Maybe certain people on the team are a little bit louder than others. And so you might think that we're all biased in one direction, but actually the entire team might say is quite diverse in terms of politics and very willing to be very upfront about that. And it's absolutely self selection, both in terms of when we interview people, there is sort of just like that, does the person fit the Founders Fund ethos, which is just like, are they very comfortable being themselves, being actually quite divisive? I in some ways love  And I think it is self-selecting both in terms of people that want to choose to work in that environment But then also I feel like during the interview process we're like man is this person gonna like, you know survive the like intellectual battlefield of founders fund Yeah, and so when somebody comes in new or somebody who's been there for a while Let's use found a fund as an example, but I think there's there's other firms that have some of these dynamics as well You've got very well-known people right that are participating in the investment process You've got kind of legacy investments legacy LPs legacy kind of reputation all this stuff  I would describe as like on the extreme end of conviction based investing. I if one person really, really loved and is like pounding on the table, like the thing sort of like gets done for sure. There's like a amount of rope that is given to you, right? Like if Peter is pounding on the table, that is like a larger check than like if Delene is pounding on the table, obviously. I thought it was the opposite. That's funny. Okay. I learned everything. Something new every day. But like, at least there's that opportunity to sort of like pound on the table. And then what I like about founders fund is cyanbic is like,  as the checks gets larger and larger, you need basically a thumbs up, but the thumbs up is closer to like, you kind of need like, let's say for the six people, you know, on the super large checks, it's more like you need like three people to be really enthusiastic and three people that are more like, it's not a no. I like, I don't think this is a bad idea, not like I'm also as equally like pounding on the table as you are. And so for sure there are times where like I've seen Keith like basically say like, I wouldn't do this investment, but I'm giving you my thumbs up to be clear because like, I don't think it's like a bad idea.  kind of space ish stuff but it's on earth like whether it's like robotics or industrial automation or it's like still kind of like hard tech and there's like a third of the stuff that I do that it's like I literally just say like shit that I learned from Keith and partially because it's like it's easier for me to like work through the investment process when like I'm Investing into a financial services thing like you know ramp for example Because I know that Keith will also understand it really well and we can work on it together and when the two of us are like hey Here's a financial services thing both Keith and Deleon are excited. We really want to do this It's like actually, you know quite easy to get the deal done versus let's say, you know in the world of space there's like less people on the team  So there's definitely like domain areas of expertise. And then what I really like about Founders Fund, especially in comparison to most firms, most firms are not super willing to give a lot of rope to junior investors. They're pretty restrictive. You really can only report to one particular person or they really limit your sectors. Founders Fund, we sometimes describe as like almost like the blockchain of investing, where it's just like, we don't have partner meetings. We don't meet up on any regular basis. Everybody kind of goes off and does their own thing. And the way that Keith runs his investment process versus I run it versus Brian or Peter,  like the entire partnership. We almost never actually, the only time that we ever have full sort of partner presentations is actually only for incubations, interestingly enough. Partially because it's just like, Hey, this is our company. Let's all meet and like see how things are going. But we never do that for external companies. Heretic on is I think the best manifestation of everything you just described is kind of internal. Then you guys are willing to put like a stamp on and say like, you know, this is actually what we believe. Like we believe we should go talk to people who everyone else thinks aren't worth talking to or whatever. Like there's this  So like, okay, cool. We'll just ratchet it up and we'll be more ridiculous on the other side. And, uh, that's not something that most venture funds do. So like explain kind of your viewpoint of that. Yeah. I mean, it's been interesting to see, you know, obviously I've only been a part of founders fund for the past, you know, whatever two and a half years now. Uh, but the firms like, let's say both public viewpoints and the way that it's presented, it has shifted as sort of like the media landscape has shifted as well. Right? So if you think about like, you know, 2010 publishing the manifesto, you know, we wanted flying cars instead, we got 140 characters. The brand was much more the firm,  like the online voice. And what I like is we're just much more willing to, unlike most of the firms, you'd have to really push the bounds. There's almost nothing that you could say on Twitter that would get you fired at Founders Fund. And so people are willing to be much more intellectually honest with their core values. But then what I like about it is we follow up with it. When people complain about, oh, they're coming to Miami and they're XYZ, not appreciating the locals, whatever. And then we're actually funding the largest Series A in Miami. We just back it up.  behind it versus I feel like we do for sure do some amount of trolling, but I feel like there is like substantive like when you read like, you know, Mike's plan as part wires, he's talking about like, you know, fundamental like society issues, right? Uh, in those, and then we follow up with that with like fundamental societal investments, right? I think like, and a role being like the perfect example of this of like, we believe that like in order to maintain Western society and democracy and allow individuals to have freedom, you need to invest in capabilities like the future of warfare. And most VCs are like not even willing to touch the  was actually very intelligent and well thought out and well articulated. And I think that's part of what makes Founders Fund, Founders Fund, right? It's basically what you're saying is the ability, no, we can go shitpost and troll everyone and yell and scream and be idiots on the internet just like everybody else. But then, oh, by the way, we're actually very thoughtful and we also can put money to work and do the things that we need. Yeah, I mean, there's team discussions that we have and obviously Peter being the epitome of this or just extremely intellectual, broad-raging discussions, right? Even when we're debating a particular investment, there's a lot of times where it's in the framing of this  They're a fun time. Like I enjoy those quite a bit, you know, both intellectual discussions at dinner, but then we're getting trashed after dinner. All right. Three people that I want you to tell me what you've learned from them and then we'll move on. One from Peter, one thing from Keith, and then one pick somebody else on the team that you're like, I really learned a lot from this person. Here's what it is. Yeah. I mean, the Peter, like single nugget that I always think about, and this actually like kind of comes from, you know, Trey Stevens who sort of says that this is the same nugget that he shares from him, which is  also having very broad ranging intellectual curiosity, both in terms of the people that you meet, that you talk to, that you read. And so that's definitely, I feel like the thing that I both admire the most from Peter and aspire to. And I think that is something that he does. Obviously he's like, you know, world-class at, but probably prioritizing that is something that I feel like I've learned the most. And sorry, who's the Keith? Keith is probably like that there's actually a science to operating companies. Like I feel like, you know, so I was his chief of staff for, you know, basically almost two years, a year and eight months.  needs to be broken to fit into your company, but actually that they're all the same thing. And I feel like it took me, I sometimes joke, the way that I sort of learned from Keith is he has this gigantic tree of knowledge and in some ways he probably couldn't even describe that whole tree himself. But each time we meet one particular founder in one particular situation, I get to watch him traverse that particular branch. And then I see that branch and then I see another branch the next day and the next day. And I feel like my job and part of why I wrote this series of, I think it was six or seven essays at the end of that two year stint, where I just tried to  through, but this isn't something that he had even thought about. And I remember showing him the essay, I was like, is this framework correct? And he's like, reading is like, huh, that is correct. Like, yes, I hadn't thought about framing it this way, but yes, this is basically the decision making framework that I go through. And so, yeah, I guess the science of operating is, I feel like, what I learned from him. Yeah, it's fascinating that once you understand the science, then you just replicate it over and over and over again. That's why he's had such success is the reason that Keith is a successful investor, obviously there's some amount of reflexivity to it of when you've had such success, the best founders want to have you on their board. But then part of it is, I think,  or like something that was actually quite core that actually ended up helping the company become much, much more successful. And is he perfect? No, but he's right like 90% of the time. And so if you're disagreeing with Keith, you better have like a really good reason you're disagreeing with Keith. One time I was getting coffee with them and I said something and I was like, yeah, you're a pretty good investor. He goes, actually, I've averaged one unicorn every year since I've been investing. Yeah. And I was like, okay, you're really, really good. Like it was just, uh, when you start to actually put data around it, it's unbelievable. I mean, I think 20 years, 20 unicorns or something.  Also, one of the early angel investors in which right but that's not even like something that even like talks about or most people like even realize Yeah, well they only listed top four right so like the rest is get forgotten All right. I feel like we talked a little bit about being red-pilled I feel like you got orange-pilled or whatever you want to call it with Bitcoin and crypto for a little bit It seems like you had conversations with a few folks you can say who they are if you want And you start to go down and then you kind of have like slowed your role a little bit on crypto So if you just talk about like what your thoughts on crypto were before how you started to get a little bit interested in and then what you  occasionally catch up with friends. And I have this friend, Arjun Balaji. We've known each other I think since fall 2011, literally, basically since freshman year of college. And so he's obviously gotten very much into crypto. I don't know exactly when he started, but most recently, he's now one of the investment partners at Paradigm. And so I've been watching crypto from afar, occasionally catching up to him. Generally, I still felt that his store value still really feels like the only, I don't know, what I call a business use case, where I felt like there really was something that made a sense for a business to use. And then we were graduating  Up front but then ideally also have a market where people you know can trade them along the way and do that not only for all their future cash flows But even down to like particular albums The problem is for creating liquidity market for that You can't afford to have like a trading desk behind it right Jane Street's not gonna invest in some random Joe Schmo You know R&B musician from Chicago's, you know trading desk for his like album But DeFi and liquidity pools felt like a way I was like, oh, okay Here's a way where you could actually create, you know an algorithmic, you know liquidity pool and real quick just so for people who are listening who don't know  This was actually let's say, you know, Kanye drops a new album and there's a share price the way that like typically share prices are generated is like you actually have a little like market maker I somebody who's finding buyers and finding sellers and finding they're basically like middle price and then that's how the price gets determined and said the way that I was pitched the liquidity pool was and said there's just like as you buy a share and actually rather than getting given to somebody else it actually gets put into this like pool of money the larger the pool of money goes Logarithmically the price of the stock goes up so that each time you want to buy an individual sort of new share