 Alright guys, bang bang, I've got Dave here. Ready?  That's so the reverse of the bananas bullshit that I'm living through in LA where I hate the mayor and hate the governor. So it's like, yeah, I think that you said that maybe the governor is like breaking the law in California. I want that man in jail that Gavin Newsom is an evil Disney cartoon villain who should be in jail. Just I mean, I know you know it, but like the French laundry thing alone should have taken him down. All right. So let's just start with a topic that I know that we've talked about before, which is politicians for the most part have this like immunity  Yeah, that's a great place to start because basically what you're saying is nothing works anymore and that's we're kind of in the show must go on version of democracy at this point like everyone knows it's not working but we got to keep pretending it's working because otherwise we'd really have to look in the mirror and be like What what are we right now? What are we well? I would say we're basically a somewhat functioning democracy at some level at this point But it's very tenuous right now like there are so many things that are upside down right now like  have trusted voices. Like how many people when you wake up in the morning and you're scrolling Twitter like usually and you follow people by choice but usually I'm like man that guy's an idiot and this is a moron that's a sellout this is a grifter and it's like it's really hard to find people that are basically trustworthy. I'm not saying they get everything right but just like ballpark estimate of like where we're at where we've been where we're going it's really I'm trying to be that for some people and I think I have been but it doesn't mean I'm right all the time but we've lost that trusted group it's just almost completely  But for those folks, there's this natural sense of you can't bullshit the actual asset going up or down. It's gonna do it with or without you. And therefore, for the most part, your money being wagered, you have to think a certain way, right? You have to seek truth. There's basically some sense of reality there. You can't just make up the whole thing, right? Yes. The second group is what I will call the Silicon Valley Outcast.  worried about what other people think about them. They're here to take a path that is not well worn. And so I think that like there's, I like a lot of those guys. Well, they're seeking of truth, right? You may agree with them, disagree with them, whatever. Like they're, they're trying to head into directions. I think that that's it. And then the third one is like what I'll call like pure independence. And one of the, uh, one of the people that recently has gone from, and maybe it was, I wasn't paying attention before and now just, I have been, or I don't know why Glenn Greenwald feels like,  if you look, well, so first off, I would say we shouldn't look at things left and right anymore. You should look at things as sort of top bottom that you should look at them as, you know, you're either for centralized power or decentralized power. So that would be the basic thing. But in a traditional sense, lefty, meaning you're a Democrat, you believe the government should and can do certain things, or you're more of a conservative or Republican, and you basically believe the government's not supposed to do a lot. Don't tread on me, low taxes, states' rights, things like that. So he definitely comes from more of like the  He was doing a lot of the things that we all wanted. Let's get us out of wars. Let's not pay countries to do things that often work against our interests. Let's get rid of regulation. Let's try to get the economy going. So a lot of economic populists that were on the left started liking Trump. So I think, and then what for Glenn that I think really cut close to him was to watch people that pretend that they're journalists, but they're actually journalists, to watch them basically all day long nitpick every little sentence  I don't know if you're pro choice or not, let's say, but I would say you're conservative either way in a certain sense. Like nobody really wants to hear that because the word is kind of scary and then people think you're mean or something like that. But that's what it is. If you want America to continue in some way, if you respect freedom and individual choice and any of those things, I would say in essence, you're conservative. Capitalism, it's individualism. It is personal responsibility. Crazy stuff, right? Very scary ideas. We should actually stop talking. What was it for you that kind of  unless you think about it for two seconds. It all sounds right in that initial thing, like $15 minimum wage. Well, of course it sounds right. Like, yes, we want poor people or people on the lower end of the economic class to make more money. That sounds right, but then there's no economic theory behind that. You can't just artificially tell businesses that they have to pay people this much, blah, blah, blah. And then of course you're just picking a number. So why not 20? Why not 30? By the way, Rashida Tlaib, one of the progressives in the house, she's pushing for 20 and sometimes $25. And it's like, well, yeah,  politics, economics, et cetera. 2011, I think it was 2009, can't remember, but since 2009 or 2011, the US federal government has taken in more federal income tax every single year than the year prior. So for a decade, every year they've collected more, right? They've made more money from a revenue standpoint at the exact same time, every single year, the inter-year deficit has widened. That is not an income problem.  because it's so much part of your ethos. Like if you just, if you grow up in America from a cultural perspective, you're a lefty, right? Like it's like Democrats are good, liberals are nice, Republicans are mean and care about money and war. So you really have to be like whacked with something. So one moment was- When did you get whacked? I got whacked a couple of times. What one of them I'll give you was I was on air with the Young Turks and they're a far left progressive network when I was one of them. And they're playing a video of this guy, David Webb. Do you know David Webb?  Del Fresco's and have steak and have whiskey and have a great time. We became great friends. He's still a good friend of mine to this day. And I'm sitting there watching them and I'm thinking, wait a minute, wait a minute. I know David Webb. I know this is a good man. I know he believes what he believes. He fights for what he believes. He's he's put himself out there. It's not easy to say I'm a black conservative. It's like saying I'm a gay conservative or whatever else. And here you have the so-called tolerant people saying all the worst things you can possibly say about a black man. And they're doing it in the name of tolerance. You know what I mean?  by the color of that black man's skin they think, oh, black man must think these things. Black man allowed to think these things. And I literally remember looking at them like looking at my other panelists and it hit me. I was like, these are the racist. And then once you realize that that they're looking at the world through a prism that is that is very, very backwards, pretty much the rest falls apart. So that's the beauty of the red pill thing. If you can get someone to have their red pill moment, whatever it is, the others, you only need to have one red pill moment.  Do you remember? So there were there were two others I'll give you one other which which actually happened right before but this was the one that like fully that started the process So I probably should have done this one first I was watching real time with Bill Maher and did you ever see this? There's a very famous episode when Sam Harris was on with Ben Affleck and they were talking about radical Islam Do you remember this? Okay, so basically you live in a world that I don't understand that well, so I'm gonna get an education day. No, no, we're both gonna get an education. So  for a book called Waking Up, a Guide to Spirituality Without Religion. So this was not someone that was coming on the show to fight with people. Anyways, Bill obviously not a fan of religion, right? And Sam is like sort of the most well-known atheist in America. They start talking about religion and Ben Affleck, who was about to do Batman for the first time, and he was very jacked up. I don't know if it was all natural, just saying he was like huffing and puffing and red in the face. They started talking about Islam. And basically Sam said that you should be allowed to criticize any set of ideas.  honest person in the world. It's a fundamental thing that you must understand. Affleck went bananas on the two of them and the line that blew up was he said to Bill Maher and to Sam Harris, you're gross and racist. And he was screaming and huffing and puffing and pounding the table. And suddenly, so I should have told you this story first, because when you're talking about that wake up moment, the next day, basically. So I'm watching this and I'm going, whoa, this this gets to what I've been trying to piece together. You know, when you're thinking something for a long time and then something happens and then like the Legos come together.  But like within two minutes he sits down and they're racist. And then what I watched happen over the next couple of days, suddenly everybody, HuffPo, Vox, all the lefty things, suddenly all these articles, Bill Maher's a racist, Ben Affleck called Bill Maher a racist, he's a racist, Sam Harris is a racist. And once I saw that, I realized how the framing was completely backwards. There's a set of people who are trying to talk about extremely difficult things. You could argue that that might be the most difficult because you're talking about religion, you're talking about Islam, terrorism, all these things. That might be the most  We disagree with you on abortion. We disagree with you on taxes, blah, blah, blah. But you defend free speech and that's so important to us that basically people on the right, if you say to the average conservative, what do you think about Bill Maher? They'll be like, ah, you know, he's okay. I disagree with him on some stuff, but he's okay. You ask the average like lefty foot soldier, MSNBC person, what they think about Bill Maher, he's a racist. And that fundamental disconnect is so intertwined with what's wrong with the left right now. Is there like a,  topics. Uh, but naturally it's like, uh, almost like a bell curve. Like, is there some people in the middle who are just like, you know what? Like I think a, I don't feel super strong about it. Right. Like it's not like I'm like an extremist in that end. By the way, have you shown me some information and data and I might change my mind a little bit and like move a little bit more, you know, as the left or the right or whatever, but like that central piece, it almost feels like that's like either disappeared or just like, like, nope, I'm not participating. I'm going to shut the hell up and I'm getting out of here. Yeah. Well, that's partly happened.  government didn't give us rights, you can protect them. And then whether we agree on marginal tax rates or the estate tax or the wealth tax or even abortion or any of those other things are irrelevant. So that's the fight right now. So I would say most, almost everybody, except that there, except the anti-foot soldiers that are literally burning down cities and then the journalists on MSNBC and CNN and then sort of the big tech oligarchs that can figure out ways to pit us against each other. That's the woke thing. And then, you know, and then there's like an  is if we could just give the machine enough power. If Bernie could just have enough power, or now Biden, if he could just take more from some people, if we could just fix all these things in the history that he never fixed. I mean, Biden's been in politics for 47 years. He never mentioned systemic racism before. Now it's his life's cause. It's like, come on. So you either believe that humans are imperfect creatures and that we can just deal with the mess and that you're gonna figure out your life the best way you know how, and I'm just not entitled to that.  No, it never applies to. Of course. I mean, look at the leader of Black Lives Matter who bought a house in Topanga Canyon in Los Angeles, which is 99.7% white. Now I don't care about any of that stuff. She's the one that purports to, but she's bought something like $4 million worth of real estate in the last couple of years. It's like, this is the greatest grift going of all time. Have they sent any young black people to colleges? Have they built any institutions? No, they're just here to tear everything down. That's the fundamental  I think I got that a little bit. But there was a beautiful moment where Mayor Pete turned to Bernie and he said, Bernie, you want to burn it all down? I don't. That was actually the one true moment in the whole thing. That's what they're here to do. We could all do that. We could all set fire to something, but to build something is way harder. When you think about kind of this whole thing, right? And it is economic, it is political, it is kind of a philosophy,  that is an idea. Dennis Prager talks about this a lot. The beauty of America is that it's this idea that people can come from all over the world with whatever their traditions are, their food, their family structures, all of those things that you can come here and America says, hey, go for it. We're not gonna get in your way. Go for it. We're gonna treat you all equally. That's the thing they're trying to undo right now. But I would say the system, because you got 350 million people with all sorts of different beliefs and backgrounds and all that, to me, the best system is one that just gets the freaking hell out of you.  my family lived in Jersey, public schools. And there were good, decent public schools. It doesn't mean they did everything right, but you got like some sort of sense of like a robust education and all that. The schools have been so like, can you imagine having sending your kids to a public school right now to be taught that boys have vaginas and girls have penises and that if they're white, they're automatically racist and that the history of the country didn't, the country didn't start in 1776. It started in 1619. And that the prime, the primacy of everything of the country was driven by racism.  turn on a channel and reincarnate Walter Cronkite. And maybe he wasn't that great and we've just sort of canonized him now. But imagine if there was like a couple people in America that you really felt, boy, you're really getting some honest, true assessment of what's going on here. That would help a lot because otherwise the fraying that we have right now is just going to keep going. But I just don't know. It's a good question because it's like, is this thing just too big? Probably is like it's too big to fail in some way, but now it's too big to succeed.  the global superpower you won, right? Like you're the top. Uh, everyone gets fat and happy, complacent. And then rather than stay on guard and, uh, and be worried about what comes next, you basically just turn inward and all the fat, you know, uh, rich people also are screaming at each other about, Oh, you know, give me your food. Give me yours plate. You know, almost imagine like ancient Rome, right? Like the fat guys laying around, like just trying to like yell and scream at each other. And then eventually like rain, Rome falls. Yeah.  Everyone's still, if we fully opened up our borders the way they would like, we would be overrun overnight. Anyone can leave America, no one's going. The craziest, most bananas Carl Reiner, just pick any of these lefty Hollywood people, they never leave, they never leave. Why? Because it's pretty freaking spectacular here. And they would never make the money they make or live the life they make. And it's geographically great and they know it's good. They're making money off very confused people.  really bad education as we've talked about before and everything else. And then it's like, yeah, now the system is just like, it's just kind of hanging on. And you know, to me, it's like there, we had a real chance. It's very odd for me. I did not support Trump until September of 20, uh, was 2019. No, 2020 was the election. So 2020 and now it's like, so you were anti, just, uh, cause I don't know this anti Trump. I voted for Gary Johnson in 2020.  that I might have to like kind of suck it up and be like, yeah, that guy who talks funny, who's a bit of a dick and a troll and yeah, maybe he is the only thing that the system could choke out. That's what I kind of came to on Trump. It was like, it wasn't that he was this great statesman that we all would have wanted, right? Like I would much prefer that we have a true statesman like get me JFK again, but that doesn't exist. A broken system can only give you broken people in a way. And Trump was just like, I'll do it. I don't want to do it.  I mean, it's almost to a T. Yeah, exactly. No, he was saying the same stuff. He's not as orange. He's not as gruff. His the way he speaks is a little bit different. You know, now it's a little bit. It blew my mind by the way. Like, it was shocking because I was like, oh, my God, like this. I didn't know that. Like, I'm not old enough to have understood that. Like, literally, here is a video. Wow. Does he say the line in that? Does he say the line? Well, I want other people to do it first. He's always because every time that I heard him say it in the 80s when I watch these videos, he always said,  And I want to come back to the presidential futures that we have. But my favorite episode I've ever had on the podcast is somebody DM me on Twitter. And he said, Hey man, I'm a regular dude. You don't know me? No reason why you ever will know me. I like to come on your podcast and talk about why I like Bitcoin. I probably got that message a hundred times over the years. Never even responded to any of them. For some reason, just something in me just said respond, responded. I said, great. Why don't you come on the podcast tomorrow or two days from now?  And I just always think like that is majority of the population. Yeah, there are psychos who want to rule the world, but majority of people do not give a shit about other people or other things or whatever. They're just saying if I can create a better life for my family, be happy and spend time with people I love. Great life. That's it. That's how you find purpose and meaning and everything else. Right. Like think about it right now. I don't know. I met them on the street, but like I don't know what my neighbor thinks about anything. Basically, he could be a communist. You think they think they probably know  But in essence, I don't know what my neighbor does, what they believe in, any of that stuff. And I don't care. As long as the toxic goo of whatever they're doing doesn't leak into my property, as long as they're not doing anything to affect my life, that's the beauty of America. Do whatever you want, it's like you don't hurt anybody. Yeah, I mean, in essence, that's the most libertarian approach to everything. Or like, in some way, it's a very like, and cap approach that there's just no interference in anything. I'm not fully there on all that.  like who died and why are you here? And they're like, what, what? You know, like all of that nonsense. But yes, most people are live in, let live. I firmly, firmly believe that. When I have dinner in private with people, I always like to ask one of two questions. One, we're not going to talk about because we don't have time, but the second one I want to talk to you about. First question I always ask is what's the one thing you believe that you would feel is politically incorrect to say in public? You get a whole plethora of answers from climate change stuff to political stuff to literally, you know,  the rock is going to be the president United States. He's charismatic. He's intelligent. He's funny. There's a bunch of studies that show the most physically kind of dominant person. If you put them up on stage, like people just throw it all out, supposed to be the leader. Uh, and I used to joke that, you know, Trump's like a big guy, six four or whatever, right? Yeah. Sitting next to Dwayne Johnson and he said something stupid. Dwayne Johnson, like, ha ha, shut your candy ass up. Everyone would laugh and like, you could just very quickly see like he could navigate his way to become the president in popularity contest.  intelligent. You listen to like the David Letterman interview. She does on Netflix. You listen and you're like, that's not what the media has portrayed her as like she's actually very, very intelligent. Uh, and then you add in all these other things around fame and popularity and culture, et cetera. And you start to realize like, oh, is this going to be a popularity contest? Yeah. Like, is it literally just going to come down to like who runs the high school, like a student body president campaign and hands out lollipops? Right. And like, they'll be handing out UBI is what they'll be handing out. It's not going to be like,  you still believe they could become president? Well, this isn't out of left field at all, but I honestly believe that Candace Owens could become president. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Explain. Cause I think that will surprise a lot of people. Well, first off, she's been, you know, she was a lefty. She then, you know, she went all the way from left to Trump's border. As I said, she snorted that thing and then bam, she was off the red pill of all red pill. Yeah. And she, she's absolutely clear about her opinions. She's completely fearless. She has fought the machine. She never lets the machine beat her. She fights and fights and fights.  You want Adele Field. Like somebody who's not involved in politics. Maybe like a Matthew McConaughey. He's kind of waking up now. He did a couple of shows with Jordan Peterson. He understands like purpose. He's really into purpose. Hums a little bit, pounds his chest. And everyone's like, all right, I see the movie. And he whispers. And he went to whatever he did in Interstellar. I just watched that again the other day. Like something like, you know, but again, that's just the celebrity thing. But there's substance there. Oh yeah, no, no.  I like Trump, as I said, he was just necessary at that time. He has nothing on these guys. Like their understanding about what the world was, what freedom was, what believing in things outside of yourself bigger than you, allowing people to do what they want next door to you. Like, so it's like we need those people back. But our system and Twitter and algorithms and gotcha and a dishonest media, none of that adds up to a good, decent, learned man becoming president of the United  most thoughtful, interesting, probably creative. They're going to do stuff, right? Like instead of teaching about it, and you know, I'm not fully saying this, but you know, the old adage is those who can't do teach. So the people that you're talking about, they're going to go build these things. That's what's so cool about Miami right now. It's like literally I got off the plane. I could like feel it. It felt real to me. I was like, whoa, there's something going on here. It's happening here. You know, that's exciting and awesome. And it also breeds more of it. You know what I mean? There's a little bravery there. And then you see all of this new stuff happening. And then other people are like, wait, there's something  bankrupt morally or financially. So they're doing it for money. You know, how many politicians go in with very average lifestyles and go out with mega millions, way too many of them. We just won't get, look, I've had a ton of people beg me to run for governor of California because I've been so outspoken about the recall. That's a maybe, that looks like a maybe. I wouldn't say zero, but the state is so freaking corrupt that the idea that you could do anything is.  period. I will not go on MSNBC. I will not go on CNN. I can't say I wouldn't go on Fox actually because they've actually been very good to me. They let me go on and say whatever I want even when it's counter to the conservative or Republican narrative. But I would not play with those children that have just completely wrecked media. I have a show. I have a voice. I would I would talk to YouTubers. I would go on podcasts and I would say here's what I want to do to fix California. We're going to lower taxes for everybody. Twenty five percent tomorrow. We're cutting the budget by 40 percent tomorrow. Sorry.  noticing now around parts of L.A. it's starting to disappear because he knows he has about a three month window before the recall election to fully clean the place up so everyone forgets. So he's just truly evil. But I would say the reason I don't want to do it is because of what you just laid out. I want to build awesome things. I love talking about the ideas that we're talking about here. I love the fact that I'm in the tech world now, which I never, never expected this. And now I spend probably probably more than half my day doing locals related things.