 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Will here with me. He is on a little trip. So apologies for not getting this out on Saturday. But, Will, what's going on, man? Hey, Pompa. Not too much. I'm just taking it easy here in Hawaii. Getting a little burnt, trying to get a little tan. But just taking it easy, man. How about you? Absolutely. The price of Bitcoin is taking it a little easy as well.  range highs up towards, you know, we almost broke through like 41 and a half K or something like that. And then we moved back down and now we just retested range lows this morning. So still sitting in that range, obviously, you know, still until we break out of that range, I think, you know, it's still kind of like a crab market where people are hesitant to take a directional move. I still think breaking above the 200 day moving average is still really crucial for Bitcoin.  and then we're heading into the halving and then you had a big legacy financial crash and all that stuff didn't matter. And then also I think what's going on with China, I think they're actually cracking down on the miners. I haven't seen anything, I just checked like 50 minutes before we got on here to see if there was any selling from the miners. Granted, Glassnode might be missing some of these wallets and then they also can't account for possibly executives that these mining companies  for sure in the data I'm looking at, but there's always a chance that some of that isn't being seen. Absolutely. And then you started off the letter that we published on Friday with NUPL. Maybe describe what that exactly is and what you're seeing in that metric. Yeah. So NUPL is called net unrealized profit loss. So the way it's calculated is you're basically subtracting the market cap from the realized cap, or I'm sorry, the realized cap from the market cap. And then you're dividing that by market cap. And so what you  second, there's a rally. And so, you know, conversely, you have these hope and fear or capitulation zones. And so, you know, in the newsletter, I kind of identified this, this line. It's between between point six and point eight in the ratio. But you see, you know, it's been this kind of inflection point where Newpool has bounced off of that in between, you know, the 2013 double pumps. But then  And that's something that's supported by a couple other things that we looked at in the newsletter that we're kind of sitting at this inflection point. Another one is sober, which we've talked about many, many times, but we've never talked about long-term sober, which is the same thing as just looking at the longer-term kind of howling behavior, just kind of like broader cyclical behavior versus looking at the kind of short-term sober to gauge very short-term corrections.  the simple ratio of market cap to realize cap, what's that telling us?  For me, that was my first big correction because I got into Bitcoin in late August. I remember that one pretty distinctly, but it's also served as resistance, for example, after 2013, after 2018, and then also right before the March crash, which was interesting. This is another thing where we're just sitting at this inflection point here, and over the next couple of weeks, you'll get a better gauge of where that's going.  And then, Flexion Point, just for those that are listening or watching, what you're really talking about is we're kind of in this gray zone. We don't know if there's going to be a breakout to the upside or a breakout to the downside, but definitely kind of going sideways here. There's going to be a breakout in either direction. The next couple of weeks is when we'll kind of find that, which leads us to, yeah, there's people selling, whether it's because of uncertainty or realizing losses, but they seem to be all short-term holders. Talk a little bit about that. Yeah. So I think this is something we've talked about like the last two weeks.  55 days. A lot of the selling has come from those short-term holders. And then also another way to look at this, and this is what I threw in the newsletter is dormancy, which has been trending down for months now. But I think the key thing to look at here is that the short-term holders, and this is the process that started last week, had now been offset by the long-term holders buying, which I think is key to look at that. The short-term holders had been offsetting the selling  I think seeing new whales is something that we're going to need to keep a $700 billion asset afloat moving up. We've really seen predominantly longer-term market participants doing a lot of the buying, but we haven't seen any new large entities coming on chain that would necessarily represent perhaps institutional buying or something like that.  So perhaps that has to do with institutional buying coming in late summer. I know like Nightgig is doing some stuff there. So well, that's something we'll have to just keep an eye on, but that is still trending down. We still haven't seen a big substantial uptick in new whales coming on chain.  you need without any of the complexity. It's simply the best place to buy and sell cryptocurrencies. So go to kraken.com slash bang bang to learn more or go to your favorite app store and simply search the word Kraken and you can download the mobile app there. Kraken has been a long time supporter of this show. So to say thanks, it would mean the world to me if you would go and download their new mobile app. All right, let's get back into this episode. I hope you're enjoying this one. One of the ways that you've talked about this in the past is kind of exchange flows. And I know that there was a change there over the past week  through in there is called exchange net position change. And so that is this 30-day change of the exchange balance from 30 days ago to now. And that had been going way up as we sold off, but it has been trending down over the last two, three weeks. But now finally it moved into the red zone. So that's showing negative exchange flows, which of course is showing in accumulation because people  becoming highly liquid throughout the sell-off, but then had slowly been trending back into a liquid. So this is looking at, you know, kind of a, I guess you could say, strong long-term holder, I mean, not long-term holders, strong hands, right? And so over the last couple of weeks, it's been trending back up into the liquid zone, which is what you'll see the green bar in the newsletter, or if we will throw the pictures in here. But you had this big uptick in green,  or some people can view this as bears to be honest because you see generally that long-term holders scale out in the bear, in the bull market, but then they buy heavily in the bear market. But at the same time, you also had this dynamic that we're seeing where long-term holders are stepping in and setting the floor. That also took place between the 2013 double pumps and then also in late 2016 as well. So it's not necessarily  is that Bitcoin is deeply undervalued in the eyes of experienced market participants, and they're starting to buy discounted BTC. I think when you're in an asset like this, you should watch the people that have been in for a long time, what they're doing, how they're behaving. This is showing in aggregate that the people that have been in the market the longest are buying right now very heavily. The people that have gotten into the market recently,  we're going to 100K tomorrow, but it's starting to flip into what looks like strong accumulation and it's still trending in that direction. Haven't seen anything that is showing any stop in that change where we saw the opposite of that trend into the bottom of that correction, but now the last couple of weeks and especially in the last week, we're starting to see what looks like strong accumulation and it'll be something to keep an eye on into next week.  So NVT is like a very simple ratio of the market cap to the on-chain transactional volume. And so Willie Woo, to be honest, I'm not sure exactly what he did here in this new chart that he put out, but he created some kind of oscillator. You have to ask Willie about that. But from this oscillator that he created, we're in the deepest correction since it looks like since after the 2011 pump, the bull market, and then also after  in terms of on chain, especially that MDT, but you're starting to see long-term holders step in and take advantage of that discounted BTC. And then also we're starting to see, once again, following up on last week, continued accumulation. And I think at this point, it may just be another couple of weeks, but I still stand strong on the fact that we're not in a bear market. One other thing to note that also kind of resembles that we're in a bull market and not a bear market is the new year  So that's another thing that resembles that we aren't in a bear market.  than you would expect to play out. The point is that in my eyes, at least, I don't want to speak for them. I know Willie agrees with me on this too, but we're not resembling anything in a bear market in terms of on-chain. This stuff is perhaps going to take weeks to play out, but it doesn't mean, okay, we're starting to resemble slight accumulation on-chain, prices are going to go up tomorrow. This is stuff, you just have to be patient, it's going to take a few weeks and my  sub to that, but otherwise, man, I'm looking forward to keeping track of this stuff for you and I'll touch your base next week. Absolutely. Thanks so much for doing this, Will. Thanks, Bob.