 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got my little brother here. We're about to. Oh, he's already mad. I call him my little brother. Well, you're my little brother, right? True. But you don't say that. My younger, younger, taller, taller brother. Well, you're not taller, but that's fine. We can say my younger brother, not little younger brother. He's still a little older than me. Let's get into it, though. You have blown up on the Internet. Congratulations. Great job. Thanks.  I'm  who was like, he's a known sports gambler, one of the bigger guys in the world that- Good guy, bad guy. I mean, questionable. Yeah, I mean, like everyone has their opinion on him, I think, but like he won a lot, so- So he's good gambler. Good gambler. But if you're a gambler, you're a gambler. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean, that's fine. Whatever your opinion is on that, right? Yeah. But so some people claim he stole the models from him. Some people claim that- Oh, got it. They don't know what the falling out essentially was, and it's not really public, but they had a falling out. They hate each other. He left. Tony Blum kept on with the company, and he goes and he's  models, you're really good at this, obviously, like show me how to win where the edge is, all this kind of stuff. So he makes a lot of money doing that. He eventually now runs an exchange. He's the CEO of a betting exchange, et cetera. But basically what that afforded him to do was go buy a team and he didn't buy a team at first, but his hometown team, Brentford, uh, was the club that he grew up rooting for as a kid, went to games when he was 10, 11 years old. Uh, I think it was 2007 or eight, they got in financial trouble. They're a lower tier club, so they have a small budget. You know, the economics aren't great.  So he converts it to equity, buys the rest of the team. Okay. How much money total do you think he spent to get the whole ownership? It's tough to tell, but maybe a couple hundred million, maybe less. Couple hundred million? Maybe 50. I don't know. Like they don't really know because there's, he bought it in pieces, right? So the way a lot of these work is you buy out shareholders as it goes on. So the team maybe owned 50% at the time or 51% and he was slowly buying out other guys. So then when his option came up, he converted it. So the aggregated price, I don't know, 50 million, a hundred million, something like that. Right. So, uh, but not Billy.  But he takes a completely different approach as to kind of how he's gonna make the team better. He's like really good analytics. Let's try that So if you think money ball here with everyone knows money ball, right the Oakland athletics where they came in and they used analytics to kind of drive their Reasoning on to why to sign players so he does the same thing which has historically been like a no in soccer in Europe because they think it's a game of finesse and Analytics don't really tell you that much and it matters much more in that sounds like a stupid perspective. Of course, right? So there's there's people argue, you know one  So what he did was he didn't care about wins and losses. He literally, he's famous. He wouldn't even look at the league table of the standings. He was just like, that doesn't matter. Uh, and what he would do is he would look at expected goals, how many opportunities a player was creating, uh, stuff like that. Just key performance indicators that would tell him whether the team was improving or not. So that went on for a few years. Uh, the most drastic change that he's famous for is he, a lot of these teams have youth academies that, uh, essentially like Barcelona or any of these other, you know, premier clubs.  And they're gonna come to our club, we're gonna use them and play them. And his theory behind that was that you needed 35 games to be able to determine if a player was good enough. Right? Do we know why he came up with 35? That's just, it's not really clear, but it's one of his models, right? So you gotta remember this is all based on his predictive models that he was using for gambling, right? So he took those same models and was applying them here. And it's funny because Tony Bloom actually owns a Premier League club too. So people are like, they joke, he just followed the same protocol of what he did there.  the team ended up losing a lot. Cause the way it works is if you're in the top two, you automatically get promoted then three and four play for the final spot. So he lost that kind of playing game a couple of times, but this year he won it. So they're going to Premier League next year. And what that comes with is anywhere there's, you know, it depends on kind of how much merchandise you're able to sell and concessions and they just got a new stadium and all this stuff. But most estimates have it around at least $250 million in year one additional, which is way more than his budget right now. And it could be 350, 400,  data if you're a professional gambler or not. I mean, there's people who just go in there drunk and they bet on something and they lose. Yeah. Well, that's a good point. Cause some people were like, why are we, uh, you know, putting a gambler up on a pedestal and praising what he did? What's different than him in an alcoholic? And it's like, they're way different, right? Like he was using analytics and numbers and intelligence really to, uh, drive a return through a different market, which is similar. Yes. To your point. Yeah. I mean, a hedge fund manager looks at data and then they risk capital for a return and they understand the risks that they're taking. They try to find edge.  haven't figured out yet until it gets commoditized away. It's an advantage. Well, I would say that two things on that is one, significant is 5% and gambling, right? Like you only have to be 5% better than the average model and you can make a lot of money on it because just the way the odds work. But outside of that, it's clearly the same thing because he used the same models for gambling that he did for the team investment, right? Like he was using the same stuff and just, you know, you altered a little bit for kind of the outcomes, but he was using the same models and the same analytics and data. He just used it for two completely separate things. I don't know if you've done this. If not, you should do a thread on this.  that people really enjoyed. Well, you have one of mine. Do you not remember it? I mean, I remember them. All right. Well, what's your favorite one recently? I don't know, dude. I gotta like, you gotta think about it. Yeah. Like, what did I do recently? The McGregor one's great. All right. What's that one? The McGregor one was great. Conor McGregor. Conor McGregor. Yeah. Conor McGregor stories is cool because like, it's like a movie, right? We should call out. There's a lot of people who don't like Conor McGregor.  Clearly works extremely hard at that and all this kind of stuff, right? And just the ability to distinguish himself as a personality, right? There's hundreds of, you know, thousands of UFC fighters that were unable to do what he did, right? And he's really transformed the sport, not only from his ability, but his promotion of it. Is he like the Muhammad Ali of the UFC? Like from a branding and a promotion standpoint? That's what I was going to say is like, he's clearly not the best fighter, right? I think that's been proven. He's lost multiple matches in a row and all this kind of stuff. But from a promotion standpoint, he's the biggest ticket by far.  And he was like, yeah, like y'all came at me once, but if you try it again, like something's going to happen. Uh, and obviously he realized pretty quickly, like that was dumb. And he started going to boxing classes. So he goes to a boxing class. He's going to knock guys out of the dumbbell. Exactly. Right. So I don't know if it was like the next day he started boxing or like a month from that. Can you make a mistake? I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot of boxing classes. I mean, I think he was like, I'm going to do a lot  at this point, um, the UFC started in the early nineties. So it's, it's established, but it's not, uh, you know, the biggest ticket in the world yet. So they start watching the fights, practicing the moves, they start training, et cetera. Um, and he basically is like, okay, I'm not going to college. Uh, I need to make money. I am not in any professional UFC competitions or anything. So I need to go get a job. So he starts plumbing. He's an apprentice for a plumber, right? So, uh, it's funny looking at McGregor now and imagining that, but you know, he was a young kid. And he was like riding a bus or something, right? Like every  Just like from the standpoint of he was like, my back was hurting. These guys all looked miserable. Like he's like, I totally respected the work and respected them, but just from like a quality of life, didn't wasn't interested. Uh, so he makes a decision. I think it was within like six months, maybe three months, maybe even less where he's like, I thought it was like within like two weeks. He was like, yeah, maybe it was even less. And he's just like, screw it. Uh, I'm going to double down on this fighting thing. Like I'm going to try it. Right. And people got to remember at this point, like 18 years old, 19 years old, he doesn't have any jobs, no income.  in Ireland for a couple years. Didn't he lose the first two fights? Yeah, so he lost it. I think he won his first fight, but then he lost like, he was like four and oh or four and two and he lost back to back fights, got down on himself. He was hurt. He was out for like a year and then he came back and that's when he won. Like he basically, there's a few stories about kind of what motivated him when he was away. He read some books and stuff and he claims like my mindset just changed. He claims he just now he's like an animal where he'd train him all day doing all this stuff. But yeah, he comes back, gets signed by the UFC.  this guy's a star. Like, I gotta just put a camera in the ring, like total home run. So he gives them a contract for a couple UFC fights. His first fight is actually a hilarious story because he wins, gets knocked out of the night. Knock out just so people understand. If you fight, you get a guaranteed minimum. Yeah. If you win that point is minuscule to your first fight, 20 grand, 10 grand, whatever. Uh, if you win, you get like a winner's bonus. And then there's like for the night,  And he just, and Dana's like, told you home run. He's like, this is great. And, uh, and the best part about the whole story is I think he bought his girlfriend a car with the six seeker hand, right? Like didn't save it. Didn't say it didn't, but that's just him. Financial education whatsoever. Just like, yo, I'm buying you a, like a Range Rover. Yeah. And, uh, and it's funny because people know him now, right? He was the highest paid athlete in the world last year, uh, which based off a few business deals that, you know, we can go into and we can't, but basically he's obviously good with his business and his money and all that.  best in the world. It's incredible. And his girlfriend's like in the room in his parents house and she's like, she's like, you literally won your first fight. You got paid 60 grand and now you think that your Muhammad Ali. Exactly. Exactly. And it's, it's great from an entertainment perspective, obviously, but honestly, I think he truly believed it too. Right. Well, he ended up and he did become the world champion, the world champion, multiple weight classes, all this stuff. Right. And, uh, and off out of the octagon, uh, he's done extremely well. He had the, uh, kind of the, the liquor company, the whiskey company, proper 12, uh, that he sold this year.  Uh, you know, in a typical year, maybe here in 10, 15, $20 million on endorsements, kind of just like, Hey, your typical stuff, promote our products, monster energy, all the typical ones that you would, uh, you see in the Octagon and all these other places beats all those. But then he did the liquor company, right? The whiskey proper 12, which, uh, was genius because obviously you've seen a bunch of these pop up with, uh, aviation, gin and fine Reynolds and the rock and, you know, all these different ones that people have had just massive exits. And he was probably like in the middle of that, we see a lot more now. And there was a couple early ones that really were successful.  of the business. We hit this one by an additional and those aren't the correct numbers necessarily, but they're just an example of kind of how the deal worked. And this year was the last exit of the deal. He's still a promotional partner. I'm sure there's still kind of maybe a little bit of equity or whatever, at least kind of payments for marketing and stuff. But he made like $150 million. Yes. Which is for 60 G's. Right. And the craziest part about that whole thing for me is like never in the wild, this imagination, would you think that a UFC fighter  Sure. Like best of the best. Yeah. It'd be bad. It would be really bad. Yeah. All right. And so that's also why the celebrity boxing matches are so interesting is because they're basically they're poking the bear, right? Both Jake and Logan are poking the bear trying to get the UFC fighter saying, Hey, you're not getting paid enough money. Come over here and do celebrity boxing. And what's unique about it is a lot of the MMA folks actually aren't good boxers, right? And this is coming from somebody who I'm not good boxer either. Right? So like, it's just, they're much more well rounded. They're not an expert at boxing.  Uh, but what, what Jake has done really well is like, I'm going to be a boxer. I'm going to be legit to some degree of like, you know, fighting real fights and training hard and doing all this stuff. But I'm going to fight UFC guys that, you know, maybe like you said, lack a little bit of that. Can we talk about Ben Askren? Yeah. Ben, I love you. I need to know. Did you train? Ben, I love you to death. You're the smartest person I know. Cause you got paid. I know you got paid. Everyone knows you got paid, but we need to know. You think he trained?  I know that you've gotten to know Rich Kliman and 35 Ventures and a bunch of what they've done with Kevin Durant. What is Rich Kliman doing? Let's just talk about Rich. Rich is an OG. I know. You know him too. He's great, right? He's awesome. What's his deal? He manages Kevin. He runs 35 Ventures, their venture capital investment shop. What do they invest in? Everything. 50, 100 plus investments at this point, right? And some big wins. Coinbase, what was the food delivery startup?  And I said hey man ain't nobody screwing with rich climbs the top of the world. He got sunglasses on on the interview Yeah, yeah, which is great and they've built a great business right like on the court Kevin Obviously is a great player killer killer last night. Oh, yeah Well, I don't know what day this is gonna release tomorrow the Bucks playoff game last night I think 45 points 17 assists 12 or whatever it was right we only play a history you study in last night a lot of memory Jimmy Neutron looking ahead  from a venture capital perspective made incredible relationships. And I think the people that I think the thing that most people understand is like athletes want to talk to VC investors and VCs want to talk to athletes, right? So Kevin was a natural guy that, you know, they're sitting courtside, they want to talk to the players, the best players, all that kind of stuff. So I think you naturally learn some of some of that through those relationships, you obviously get brought a lot of deals through that you are interested investing, you want to learn, you make that clear to them, they bring you deals, you talk to them, you can obviously provide value for Kevin, whether you have kind of his own traditional  you retire and it's 50 years from now, the only thing people care about is championships. They don't care about who you did it with. People forget all of that, right? Like guys that are not born yet, they won't have any clue what the heck happened to get him those championships. They just care about championships. So that's when he went and did. He wanted to win their style, play, all that kind of stuff. So from a basketball standpoint, it was great. Investing wise, he couldn't have done anything better, right? Because you're teaming up with world-class investors out there. You're meeting some of the brightest minds in the world. And not only are you creating personal relationships, but you're seeing the deal flow, you're investing alongside them. They want you in.  I think Joe tried to open the door and it was locked. And, uh, while we're waiting a second, trying to figure out, you know, there's our bell to ring or whatever. I just looked, uh, uh, kind of at the street and there was a black, like suburban or escalated, whatever sitting there. And there was a dude, uh, who obviously was not just a driver. He's a big dude. Uh, and I think he even might've had his sleeves rolled up and have like a tattoo or something on his forearm. And, uh, he just kind of looked at the door and he was like, oh, I'm going to get it.  Right parks wherever he wants. He's got takes care of everyone. He's the man. Yeah, great guy, right? I talked to him for five minutes He was awesome, but it was just funny seeing him the first time and like what's going on here? All right. The next person I want to talk about is Saquon Saquon Barkley. We've gotten to know him Ken Katz Connor all these guys will talk about Danny boy hustle hard You know we're gonna talk about him but Saquon is fascinating because He is what you and I would say is  But what we've talked with Saquon about, which is like you come into the league, you're making some money, you're figuring out what you want to do. You get comfortable for a little bit of time. You do endorsements, you get your name out there, you build your brand, distribution, all that type of stuff, right? All the things that are important when you start investing. So he's done that for a couple of years now. And then I think it's, it's what he's really been trying to do is just build those relationships, right? Those same things that we talked about Kevin with in Golden State is like you call up the five, 10 best investors, you know, the guys that have the best returns or women that have the best returns on wall street. And you say, Hey, look, I want to learn. I just want to learn. I don't even want to you to give me action.  these guys.  I'm supporter of this show. So to say thanks, it would mean the world to me if you would go and download their new mobile app. All right, let's get back into this episode. I hope you're enjoying this one. All right, Saquon, love you. You're gonna be an absolute genius on the investing front. Let's talk about all of our favorite human in the whole world, Danny Boy, Hustle Hard, who maybe first let's just start with who is this? Well, why don't we just tell the story about the first time we met him? Which was, so we went to dinner  you need to be in the tri-state area. Danny boy hustle hard. I'll get you there in 10 minutes. Oh yeah. 10 15 maybe, but 10 15 minutes anywhere you need to be, he's got you. And so when you hear that you're like, man, there's some areas where it might take you hour and a half is don't worry. 10, 15 minutes. He's got you. Yeah. Like I've never gotten to met life in 10 minutes. So, uh, as part of the experience of meeting him, he came to pick us up in, uh, in New York city, Manhattan, and, uh, maybe let's just start with literally how we knew which car he was.  Yeah, the wrong way backs out then parks down like basically the curb where the buses are supposed to go and just lays on the horn Just lays on the horn and not like a quick beep like hey, I'm over here like a hey This is me. Come find me and you and I looked at each other were like, I guess that's it. Yeah We're like no one else would do that. So that's him. Yeah, but then We get in the car. Yeah, I mean say what's up. He says what's up? Cheech? Yeah Multiple cell phones are ringing  red light. Yeah. I didn't know if we were at least to say that he, I mean, you know, he's Danny hustle hard. Yeah. It was hard. Uh, and every single maneuver he uses to get through that tunnel, you're sitting there and you're like, this guy could win the Indy 500. He literally could drive a Chevy Suburban and win the Indy 500. That's how good of a driver he is. And the entire time he's doing it, he is making you die laughing. And you, and you literally feel like you could not be safer.  He seeks out those topics really is what it is. He'll like bring up a question that is like controversial a little bit. You'll like kind of skirt it a little bit to some degree and he'll just go straight on a scale of one to 10, one not being not funny. 10 being hysterical. Where do you put him? Oh, he's a 10. He's like 11 or 12. He's off the charts. Funny. Yeah. We are. Our brother John is funny, but like Danny boy hustle hard, makes John look like a mime. Yeah, he's great. And the best part of the game is he's like,  or investors in Bitcoin. Let's talk about athletes who have decided to get paid in Bitcoin. What exactly is going on there? Who's done it and why are they doing it? Yeah, so there's a few of them, right? And I think the main guys that people that everyone knows about are Russell O'Koon. Sean Culkin did it last. I think he took 50% of his salary, right? He said it kind of November of last year. He gets paid like 13 million bucks a year and he took 50% of his salary in Bitcoin. Yeah, six and a half million bucks a year. He said, pay me in Bitcoin. Sean, he actually tweeted that too. Yeah, pay me in Bitcoin.  Yeah.  a couple other coins. So he got part of it. He just went all in on all kinds of weird coins. No, there's three of them. And I forget exactly what it was, but they're serving Bitcoin was one of them. And he took, you know, a third or third, third, I think. What's up with the goat? Tom Brady mind. Let's just caveat. Tom, I want you to revolve. Yeah. You're owing to in the Superbowl against Eli Manning. I love you. You're great. You got to respect great players. Yeah. You multi Superbowl champion, but against Eli Manning, the best quarterback to ever grace the NFL as a giant, you're going to especially from a meme  when Russ did the, and he got paid and they came out and said, hey, we're gonna pay you. And he was up big and all this stuff. And it was going viral on the internet. He was like, I'm having tons of athletes reach out to me, right? And he said the exact same thing when Tom Brady did it. When Tom Brady put the laser eyes, he was like, all these NFL guys are interested. One, because it legitimizes a little bit, right? And it comes out and he says, hey, look, I'm invested in it. I own Bitcoin, other crypto, whatever it is. But in our quarterback room, we talk about it every day, he said. Our quarterback coach has been in it for a while. He's kind of, you know, got all of us on the same train and stuff.  They would be checking their coinbase wallets or the coinbase accounts showing each other how much money they lot Made or lost in crypto and Bitcoin and literally the coach at one point. Hey, hey put your guy put your phones away Yeah, what do you do if you're a coach in that standpoint, I mean you're like put your phone away We have a game to play and the players like yo, can we make money? You see how much you see how much Bitcoin I just stacked like I'm out here like I'll see ya Yeah, what's fascinating to me though is like some of these players. Do you think that they would literally retire if they  head injuries, concussions, knee injuries, whatever it is, like I'm just gonna go chill and retire, right? Maybe you find something else to do or whatever it is, but if you told these guys, I mean, guys have literally told us, not those guys, but like other guys, they're like, yeah, I'd be out. Yeah. So like, it's, yeah. You know who we should talk about that we haven't mentioned yet? Probably one of the funniest people in the NFL is Strolling Shepherd. Yeah. I'm gonna plug him for his advertisements because this guy is his  Folks there are certain players that everyone gravitates to like man. I like that guy, right? And maybe you can't you don't like personally interact with them whatever but like the authenticity comes through Yeah, it's probably also why the brands like certain players, right? It's like oh this person's really authentic They the audience feels like they're relatable They they you know, we don't have to worry about them going doing crazy stuff or whatever And it just seems like a couple of people that we've talked about like they all kind of hit those Marks and that's why they get the endorsement deals. That's why brands want to work with them all that type of stuff. Yeah, 100% Yeah, I mean look he was  We'll test that out and listen.