 What's up, man? How are you? No voice left, so I don't know how I'm going to do this.  What the hell is going on now? So this is I mean El Salvador and Bitcoin. It's like the the this space moves so fast It's like two weeks ago. The Pope was like we can't use Bitcoin like two weeks later We've got a country putting some Bitcoin like Talk me through like from what I understood. It's they're going to so they've made it legal tender People who don't want to hold Bitcoin they can actually sell it back to the government So the government's gonna hold the Bitcoin and give them fiat. Is that right? So  the reserves of the government, but at the development bank, they are basically creating a $150 million fund. They keep referring to it as like a trust fund. And the purpose of that is they will seed it with dollars, 150 US dollars. They then create a mandate that any merchant must accept Bitcoin, not exclusively. So somebody shows up with dollars, you have to accept the dollars. Somebody shows up with Bitcoin, you have to take the Bitcoin. Now, this is very similar to the in the United States. Somebody shows up with dollars, you have to accept the Bitcoin.  you choice as to what you hold, but you have to at least accept it for payments. And so what that 150 million US dollars is there for is basically that is the liquidity pool, if you will, that will be used to purchase from the merchants. Once it is purchased, the government will hold the Bitcoin in the trust fund or in the development fund. So 150 US dollars is basically gonna get converted to 150 US equivalent of Bitcoin, depending on prices, whatever.  So I actually think it'll be pretty well done. And the whole idea is just like now the government says, hey, we're gonna make Bitcoin legal tender, you as a merchant have to accept it just like you have to accept dollars and we'll help you de-risk, we'll give you free choice in the backend. Let's go. Well, that piece there, the ability for a merchant to just swap it and the government being able to backstop that, that's really interesting. So that means that they're not only enabling the merchant side of it,  and they went into the trust fund and therefore the government controls it, whatever. But I think they're just like overarching a nation state is adopting Bitcoin. And we can debate how sequentially should they do XYZ, whatever, but like it's legal tender. They're gonna be buying Bitcoin from people with dollars. And then now they're talking about mining. What else do you want from a nation state? I've always thought, and I mean, all of us have been thinking for a long time is like,  individuals, corporations. Man, I've been saying this for ages. A couple of years ago, one probably even maybe longer than a couple, like five or six years ago, it was a risk not to be associated, sorry, to be associated with Bitcoin, right? It was a risk to have some Bitcoin. Now it's, you know, more and more rapidly becoming a risk not to have an association with Bitcoin. And that,  It'll be really interesting to see, like, I mean, we saw the laser eyes already with a bunch of different people. So, you know, we don't know what that means yet, but I mean, I would hate to be the IMF and central banks right now. I actually don't even know if it's necessarily combative yet. Maybe it gets there, but here's a pro example. So we explicitly asked on the Twitter spaces, there was convening of heads of state. There was the head of El Salvador.  and yeah, I heard about it, hold on a second, I'm like doing something. And then other questions got asked and it almost like didn't get answered. So people started just DMing me nonstop and they were like, hey, get an answer for that. So I said, look, apologies for having asked twice, but like, what did they say? And the response that the president gave was very interesting. It was kind of non-slobbing, like, oh, we're gonna have a meeting, like, I don't think it's a big deal. He was like, actually, this is good for the United States. This is good for some of these places. And so immediately it's like, well, how?  to kind of unpack where you start to say, listen, a country that is in the developing world that many people cite the murder rate or the lack of economic growth or whatever the thing is now says, we found a way to be more prosperous, to be more safe, to be kind of more beneficial for our citizens, and they're going to stay here. And by the way, we're going to solve one of your problems. Pretty interesting way to kind of frame it, right? I mean, that's framing, dude. The thing is the IMF and central banks  But it's still an assault on that system. Like it rips away. Like it rug pulls the the raison d'etre for a central planning. See, I don't think that it actually is combative though. Like that's part of why I like Bitcoin is it doesn't do anything to the existing system. The existing system can continue to exist. For example, the existing system over the last 12 months has done a fantastic job of doing what they do best, implementing their power or doing all this stuff. Bitcoin has still succeeded.  or somebody's like, oh, Yahoo's my homepage. There's like a certain framing there, right? It's a certain type of person, usually a little bit older, all this kind of stuff. And it's a generalization, that's not always true. But even though younger people have all moved on to other websites, other things, other email addresses, whatever's still a remnant, Yahoo's one of the largest finance websites, for example, in the world. Yahoo Finance is massive, right? And so I think that's similar to what we're watching here, which is like,  Here's what happens. It precipitates on the way out. So it starts to fall faster and faster and faster because what you get is reverse. Like you get if there was a demise reverse collapse basically, right? So, so you're not reverse collapse. You get like, you get a collapse as you get hyperinflation and hyperinflation is a confidence thing. It doesn't matter how much money you've printed. It actually is a complete confidence thing. So when the thing starts to fall apart and the confidence is lost, that's when the whole thing starts to completely collapse. So where will it,  swear now, but pockets of brilliance in a sea of shit, basically. So there'll be all sorts of crap going on, but the pockets of brilliance will be represented by kind of things like that are going in El Salvador, et cetera. Now, the reason I say this is because there is only one way for large nation states or central banks to exist, and that is to blanket tax or to print money in the absence of those two tools. They actually can't fund themselves. A government, a nation  I call it moving from an overlord subject relationship, which is the relationship we have with governments and central banks today, moving to a customer and service provider relationship. But through necessity, that means jurisdictions are going to have to get smaller. They cannot remain large because you cannot economically, you cannot feasibly economically run a large region profitably. So in the absence of being able to profit,  horizon, it's going to fuck us. Yeah, I think it's just different times we're talking about, right? I'm talking about 10 years from now. You're talking about 40, 50 years from now. I'm talking, yeah, a couple more decades. So I think this decade is where we get close to the thing. Next decade is probably where we start to reach the event horizon somewhere in there and like 20, 40 onwards. Like you don't have fiat anymore. There's absolutely no need for it. So if we think about this whole idea of a coexistence for some period of time, I think what else? I've more super interesting, but what should other countries do? Just do they immediately run and take the  for a bit and like go specifically to Macedonia, like where there's no soul left in the country. Like everyone's like all the youth has left. Anyone with a brain has left. Anyone with ambition has left. And it's like sort of left like a husk of a nation and, and like it's broken. Nothing works. Everyone's defeated and you know, it's dead, but those places potentially have an opportunity to do something. Well, it's just the developing world or those that are broken nations, they have the opportunity to leapfrog the current  Like they're not going to look like what they look like today. Is there something about a smaller country also just has less bureaucracy and there's usually kind of more centralized power in the country and therefore they can move quicker. El Salvador went four days from announcement to having its legal tender. Look, that absolutely helps. The thing is some countries don't have smaller bureaucracy. Like so maybe in El Salvador, it's interesting because he's got, you know, he's got some strength there. Whereas like in a dumb ass country like Macedonia, you actually have  don't want to be. But I've never seen a dictator hold a vote and 25% of the Congress vote against them. Like they just get killed. And again, dictators all around the world, bad people, the whole nine yards. But to me, it's just, I think there's a lot of politicalization of this in El Salvador. So therefore people outside will never understand it.  I think we're gonna have a really hard time. And so instead, if you simply just say, listen, it doesn't matter if it's a democratic leader or a dictator, if they adopt this as money within their country, it prevents them from being able to do what we see other dictators do with fiat systems, right? That comes back to what we said earlier, Bitcoin naturally subverts fiat. Like Bitcoin actually, the whole Bitcoin invention is a  is a necessary progression that all human species have to go through, like all homo sapien, all sentient species. Like we naturally, like money is the thing that permeates all of existence, right? You cannot do what you do, I kind of do what I do. And we can't collaborate and interact without some sort of mechanism to exchange human action, right? That's effectively what money is. So money will exist from the beginning of time until the end of time, so long as the sentient species exists. The only thing that changes is  positive actions spiral upwards and negative actions actually correct, right? So at the moment we cover up negative acts. So if you do something dumb, it just gets socialized to everyone else, right? So that actually rots the system. But on a Bitcoin standard, you can actually move upwards, you can move downwards, which is really important. And downward motion gets corrected very quickly and upward motion spirals. So in that kind of a thing, we have the opportunity to sort of progress  That's how big Bitcoin is going to be for all of those things. Like what is the biggest critique of that view? My own personal critique. No, like if you had to think of the critics, what would they say is like why you're wrong? Bitcoin's slow. Like I think the only critique would come from someone who doesn't believe money is this important. Everything stops without money. You can't like you don't have the capacity to do anything. And how do you think about like the inflation?  of what they were already gonna do. That's all breadcrumbs that fell off the side of the table. Like Bitcoin has such a larger impact. Like all of these things is we're just playing games. We're a bunch of like, again, when you spread out the time scale, like Fiat is a 150, 200 year experiment on a far, far, far, far, far, far longer time, time span. And all we're doing is we're placating ourselves. So I wrote a recent article, so I'm taking Jordan Peterson's  particularly with the formalization of the study of matter and sciences, you know, with the Renaissance, we have now tried to take that process and apply it to everything else. So we've tried to deconstruct economics, which is not a study of matter. Like economics is the study of individual human beings who make actions that are different at every single moment in time. Like you cannot replicate an economic period. Like we can't take what happened last week and do it again this week. Like we can't personally do it.  So they're trying to fit reality to the model instead of the model to reality. It's the opposite way around. And so we're literally like, we're driving a car with a fake dashboard, with a fake speedometer, with a fake everything. And we think it's okay because like, you know, the dashboard says we're driving, you know, 60 miles an hour, but in reality, there's a wall there and we're driving 200 miles an hour right into a wall, but we feel good about it.  and a very happy user. I think you will be too when you go to blockfi.com slash pomp. Again, blockfi.com slash pomp. Go check it out and let me know what you think. All right, let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it. What about all the other cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin? I would say at best, they're attempts by people who have no idea why Bitcoin exists. So Bitcoin is a system of rules, not rulers, right? So these guys are like,  sort of sphere will continue to realize that they can't do anything about Bitcoin. Like they'll throw a FUD, they'll throw like, oh, the FBI hacked it. You know, like the, the energy is going to boil the oceans. Like every year it's boiling. My favorite is Senator Warren. What, what did Senator Warren say recently? Yesterday she had some real good ones. Please tell me at least one. I mean, basically, uh, Bitcoin consumes more energy than some countries and therefore we need to, uh, you know, basically regulate it, control it, get rid of it.  or something like a Kadana or something like a whatever, like one of these other shit coins. And all you have to do at that stage. So Bitcoin is enforced at the level of the individual, the node operator, enforces the rules of Bitcoin. Now I enforce those rules of Bitcoin for myself and I do it voluntarily and I come into consensus with everybody else who's enforcing the same rules. That's what makes Bitcoin so powerful. Whereas with all of these other networks, it's not enforced at the level of Bitcoin.  Like that's what it is. So, you know, these guys are going to move over to that and then whoever runs the largest chunk of steak calls the shots. And if I was a government, I'd come in and say, all right, well, this is how we're going to run things. Now we're going to issue the, the IMF dollar on Ethereum or whatever. Well, it's, there's two different things. One, they could just spend a bunch of Fiat and become the largest, you know, staker, right? Or they could nationalize it or they just, they don't even know.  It's obviously very intelligent. I mean, like scary intelligent. And I'm going to always put for people I don't know, like I assume that they're doing what they believe is like the best thing. So like a good actor. And if they do something that is misplaced, like don't assign malice where ignorance could be the explanation. Right. So from that lens, like just game theory it out. Somebody from the existing system  a lot more balls than Vitalik and all of that that have had their countries blown up, taken over, blah, blah, blah. I was literally just gonna ask you, do you think that it's more risky from a nation state vantage point to be the heads of a country that tries to get off the dollar or to be somebody who, not just Ethereum, but just one of these things that the government decides, hey, we're gonna try to leverage this for our benefit and you don't want to do it.  He's like, you don't think he's smart at all? No, not really. Cause I mean, cause cause I understand that he talks about it. I understand what he talks about and he just talks in fucking circles. Like that's the thing. Like he actually doesn't make sense. What do you, okay. So here's an interesting question. Uh, we may disagree on this. What do you disagree with him on or what do you think he's wrong? He's first principles. So like, you know, he was, I mean, so the first principles, he doesn't take a first principles approach to building  he went off and built his own toy. And because he's intelligent enough to sound intelligent and because he looks the part, a lot of people buy into the Kool-Aid idea, they sort of take the Kool-Aid and they're like, oh, he's the boy genius, blah, blah, blah. You ask someone to explain what Vitalik's actually talking about in a podcast, they'll be like, I don't know, but it sounds smart, so I'll listen to him. So it's like, people don't actually know what the fuck he's talking about,  group of people want to have an advantage over another group of people. Like that's the first principles approach to proof of work. Whereas he's trying to take some high level abstracted view of let's tweak some variables up the top here and we can create a game theoretically sound system. That doesn't matter. Like what is missing is the actual first principles of why proof of work actually functions. So to me that tells me he actually doesn't get it. So he's completely missed the point. Is it possible that he understands  All right, let's go. So proof of stake represents the way the world functions at the moment, right? Like he who has decides and decides for everyone else, not just for himself, right? So what that creates through necessity is layers of bureaucracy. The biggest damage we do to the environment as a species is not the use of fossil fuels. Like fossil fuels is actually a direct extraction of energy from something that existed beforehand.  the taxation or creation of money. What that actually means is money represents human resources. It represents natural and human resources combined. So when you're actually leeching money from one thing to subsidize something else, the actual real environmental cost of that is a lot higher than what you think it is on paper. So all of this sort of renewable energy stuff is all like one big mess because it actually is not helping us. Like if we put all of that energy, time and effort into making the extraction  Right. Like, you know, the, the, the more we do, the better we do, the more energy we can. So that's not where the problem is. The problem is, is all in all the wastage. So when you think about what is required to maintain a system, which is built on proof of stake. So government central banking, all this other stuff, the layers of bureaucracy, the waste, like, you know, for the U S to function, you need the military industrial complex. You need the whole banking system.  on stupidity. So the biggest impact Bitcoin's going to have is because it eliminates the wastage, we will actually become a far more efficient society. Consumption goes down. Like we blindly consume shit that we don't need because the incentive is to spend. Like, you know, GDP, gross domestic product is not a measure of production. It's a measure of consumption. It's everything's fucking ass backwards. So tying that to proof of stake is that  environment destroys resources, destroys energy, waste energy, et cetera. So is it fair to say you think proof of stake, if I had to categorize your argument, it is one, those who are rich get to call the shots, which is a direct kind of comparison or revolution from what we already have. And then two is proof of work drives a level of efficiency because less percentage of the energy that is consumed is used for wasteful purposes versus proof of stake would end up being high waste regardless of the total energy.  So it's stuck there until that's sort of ready and then they have to merge everything across. It ain't gonna happen for another couple of years. Does it ever happen? Probably not. And who really cares? I think it happens. I agree with you that it takes a longer time. I mean, at this point, the whole thing we're trying to do here with Bitcoin is we're trying to transform the world from one in which any authority has the capacity to decide for somebody  I have friends like what do friends do? Do we, are we forced to have friends? No, like we find people that we align with, that we have similar values with and we create these communities that they're emergent, they're bottom up. And so Bitcoin enables a world in which we can actually do that voluntarily and by our own volition, as opposed to being forced into these group identity politics and all this sort of shit, by morons who think they can do it  It's the same thing, it's just one's just the younger version of it. I don't think I've ever heard anyone say replacing the bankers with the nerds, but proof of stake for sure, whoever has the most gets it. What about the critique of that that says, well, that just means you have more skin in the game and therefore because you have skin in the game, you actually protect the network. I guess that is a critique.  buy it by buying it. But in this sense, the problem we've got with it is that yes, you've got more skin in the game and yes, you should have the right to make the decision, but money, how the money functions should not be anyone's decision. It should be enforced at the level of the individual. And it like, there's a joke, which is, God gave humanity money and he fucked up.