 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Eric here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Hey, thanks for having me on, Tom. For sure. Let's just jump right into, I think what's probably one of the most interesting things that you've been spending time on since last time we had you on the podcast, which is ShapeShift has essentially transformed itself. You've completely ripped out all of the centralized infrastructure and you really kind of turned into this  And in 2018, that's what got us all caught up in all of the financial regulation and in which we had to impose KYC and I would call highly unethical surveillance on people, which we've been fundamentally opposed to. So we've been searching for a way out of that. You know, we can't break laws, but I also don't want to spy on people and I don't want to be a branch of the government surveillance apparatus. So how do you how do you square that? And the way we square it is by  we are fully out of that mess. And so when you talk about this idea of a user coming to the platform using your interface, but they're actually trading against the decentralized protocol, maybe give us an example of like how that works. Yeah, so ShapeShift is a mobile app and it's a web app and you can hook up different types of wallets to it, right? So you can use Portis or KeepKey or Ledger or Trezor. And basically you have,  And the most important asset of all, Bitcoin was not included. Thorechain came along and we integrated that and launched with them in mid April. So now even Bitcoin itself, you can trade in a decentralized way with no intermediary, no KYC and full self custody at all, at all ends. Thorechain is something I think people have heard about. It's got mixed reviews from different communities. I think that the folks that come from kind of the DeFi perspective or  How does Thorchain work and why do you think it's so valuable to Bitcoin and Bitcoiners? Yeah, great question. So all of the decentralized exchanges to date pre Thorchain were essentially built on Ethereum or more recently on Binance Smart Chain or Solana. And those are all stuck to those ecosystems. So you can only trade the assets that are in those ecosystems. You can only trade Ethereum and ERC20 tokens on an Ethereum DEX and you can wrap a  can trade the only place in the world that you can trade Bitcoin, native unwrapped Bitcoin to tether, for example, without any intermediary at all. And for any Bitcoiner who cares about decentralization and immutability, the fact that 99.999% of all Bitcoin trading today happens with a custodian at a KYC exchange sucks. That is a huge weak point in the entire growth of this ecosystem. So, Thirteen comes along,  that's maybe trading, let's say, Tether for Bitcoin or vice versa? Yeah. So you'd have people, before you go to trade your Bitcoin and Tether, there are people who have deposited Bitcoin, native Bitcoin into a pool and native Tether into a pool. Those pools themselves are not held at any custodian. They are set up in a threshold signature scheme, which we get into if you want, but it's essentially a multi-sig apparatus of validators. So those pools hold the assets. And when you trade Tether for  been possible on Native Viclin before. Got it. And then when you start to think about that ecosystem, obviously there's what I'll call the shape shift user, the person who comes and uses the shape shift interface. And then there's the liquidity providers themselves. Are you only participating from that interface standpoint? Are there other things that you would do in that transaction to help facilitate it or make it better for the people trying to do it? Right now through shape shift, you can  But what I think is likely to be one of the most interesting and valuable ways to have users interface with you. And so once you got rid of the KYC and kind of moved to the new model, what's been the response from the user base? The thing that's made me happiest is hearing customers like exclaiming on Twitter that like shape shift is back. Like we had a very dark couple of years and we lost literally more than 99% of our business following KYC. Like it completely decimated the company.  has gotten to a point where that can be offered. And is KYC the only thing that kind of was impacted here? So now you don't have to do the KYC, but are there other things that kind of come out of that financial regulation world that are removed or friction reduced? Yeah, I think a lot of people don't realize how much the tip of the iceberg KYC is. Any company that is doing KYC, that's what the user sees, right? They have to give an ID. And at best, it's a inconvenience.  that can't be turned off, and that was its magic. Bitcoin arises and cannot be turned off. It is immutable and decentralized. So much of the innovation in the industry right now is about bringing that principle of immutability and decentralization to other areas of finance. That's what all of DeFi is trying to do. That's what decentralized exchanges are trying to do. And so that principle that Bitcoin started is being applied now in wider areas of finance, and this is super, super fun and exciting.  there's less friction to onboard them. So yeah, for them, it only got better. What's been the response? Are there regulators or others that have reached out or have you got any feedback in terms of making this transition from government organizations? We told the regulators ahead of time. We obviously are in talks with them and have been for years. So we just went right up and told them what we were doing.  control money in the deg And they are not going to be this blanket surveillance pf financial decisions like t I'm sure some of them are that trade off and others w and nail. So it's encumben in the industry, I think t struggle is coming and th grows and the more the reg ability to control peop decisions. Um, it's going to  We have always been very long crypto. We hold a balance sheet of crypto and we've made plenty of money on just the crypto market rising itself. We do not make money on trading fees. We think that's a commoditized service that will tend towards zero with time. So someone who's going through shape shift is getting the exact same rate as if they went directly to Unislob, directly to Thorchain. In the future, we have different avenues to make some revenue based on staking and lending markets done through a noncustodial way.  It's a normal credit card that when you swipe, you get Bitcoin back rather than cash back or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too when you go to blockfi.com slash pump again, blockfi.com slash pump. Go check it out and let me know what you think. All right, let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it. One of the things I want to spend a lot of time talking about is this idea of maximalism. Uh, and you know, before we, we recorded this, I tweeted out and said, Hey, I'm having Eric on the podcast.  start with first principles like that. So I have been involved in Bitcoin since 2011. It is like my first life's passion. It has been my career. It has been my hobby. It has been my passion for a decade. And when I found Bitcoin, I saw in it a solution to what I thought was the biggest problem in the world, which is government's control over money. So everything I do since then has been to help bring Bitcoin to the world.  and solves all problems is decentralization. I think that would be a weaker, more brittle structure. Part of the dynamism and part of the strength and resiliency of a decentralized financial world is one built on multiple blockchains that optimize for different things. Bitcoin has taken a very conservative approach to optimizing to be the best form of money ever made by mankind. I think it has done better at that than any other project easily.  It's like, you know, what are you, what are you actually here for? Are you here for orange coin or are you here to actually bring decentralized finance and a new form of money to the entire world? Because the other communities that are building around Bitcoin are, have that same mission and they should be seen as allies instead of enemies. This is really interesting because I think that, um, ever since I met you, right? Uh, it's never, uh, been at question, right? I think your commitment to Bitcoin and  want to see it fail, right? Or for some reason, don't believe in it, et cetera, right? Kind of ridiculous. It's such an absurd notion. Um, and it, it worries me because Bitcoin does have some very serious enemies and we have only started to awaken those enemies. And so if the Bitcoin community and if the larger crypto community itself is infighting all the time and just tearing each other down, they are going to be missing the actual enemy, which is the state, which is the banking system.  It seems like there's a thought process of almost on a kind of horizontal standpoint all of the technology that is going after true decentralization and is trying to bring some sort of value or functionality to this decentralized digital ecosystem via decentralized open protocols. You're a fan of right? You're saying hey, this is all good. It's all moving us in the right direction, but then there's this like social layer  important one, which most people don't recognize. This is technology meant to be used by humans and lives to serve humans. I think it's important and what a lot of the maximalists do correctly is to have a very high degree of skepticism toward any project, right? Whether it's a Bitcoin company or whether it's some new chain or coin, there's a lot of crap out there. There's a lot of garbage. There are a lot of scams. Absolutely. So I would never want people to just like blanketly  And you get this whole generation rising up and realizing that, oh, if they smoke a joint with a friend and they didn't die, maybe the government is actually wrong about other things. Uh, it's like, don't lose your credibility by calling every project in crypto other than your favorite coin, a scam. It does not help anyone. And I think it only, it only perpetuates like a, an atmosphere of animosity and doesn't actually get to the truth of what these projects are. Yeah. What's your process for evaluating a project?  the biggest difference in this bull market, even though there's still a lot of garbage, everything is actually shipped. So you can go use these things. So you don't have to read a white paper at all today. You can go use a protocol. And if you're an engineer, you can actually read the code and see how it works. And I think that's the best way. I mean, what helped me learn about Bitcoin in 2011 wasn't reading a bunch of articles about it or even perusing the Bitcoin talk forums. Those were a good start. But what really got me to understand Bitcoin was when I first downloaded the Bitcoin DQ  Do people use it or not? It's a much healthier kind of mechanism. Yeah, absolutely. If something is shipped and is usable, that's like a, should be a criteria for anyone to take a project seriously. Yeah. And I'm assuming at ShapeShift, rather than having like listing criteria, right, when you're not a centralized exchange, there's almost this like onboarding, right? So how do you choose which protocols to interface with, which ones not to, is it similar? Hey, if other people are using it and it's got traction and the thing shipped,  could add other chains like Bitcoin. Up next, I think we'd really like to get into some of the lending markets like Aave or Compound. Those are really cool. I think a lot of people don't realize today that you can put up crypto into a smart contract, borrow stablecoins against it, and buy a house without any intermediary of any kind. This is something that you couldn't do a year ago. So we're trying to see which of those systems are getting used and which ones our customers want and then bring those protocols  protocols themselves, someone can go directly to them. But we do that filter on our own. That is still a rule that as an American based company, we have to follow. Unfortunately. Yeah. And really that's not so much around the financial regulation or surveillance as much as it is, or I guess it's not around financial surveillance as much as it is more the, the kind of law enforcement and criminal side. It's both. Yeah. A lot of people don't know.  And yet we are not permitted to work with them because of their government. I think that's horrible. And I'm glad that at least on the protocol level, you know, Bitcoin does not discriminate. Bitcoin does not check an effect list. Bitcoin does not care where you were born or what color your skin is or what your government does. Bitcoin is just an open, immutable money for the world. And I think that's so important to see that getting built out to these other layers of finance is really special.  just can't do anything about it. I think the governments are generally like three to six years behind the industry. So they at this point kind of understand Bitcoin. They really don't understand DeFi at all yet. They have kind of like a 2013, 2014 view of the crypto landscape. They do not realize what is actually going to happen, which is that Bitcoin is going to continue emerging as the better form of money and is ultimately going to outcompete fiat all over the world.  enough before they realize the existential threat, um, that enough powerful people will actually own it by then. Um, and the, the inertia to prevent it from growing will, will be diminished, but that's, that's the big experiment. That's what we'll see. How important is it that the banks, the financial institutions themselves are starting to adopt Bitcoin? Is there safety in that? Like the fact that it's not just a bunch of random strangers on the internet that are individuals  this decade for Bitcoin to grow to its current size. I think if it grew faster, if all of this development thus far had happened in a year or two, I think the reaction against Bitcoin would have been much stronger, but it is definitely seeping into the financial infrastructure of the world. That's great. Now, will that continue happening as the banks realize that this isn't just a financial asset that people trade, but it is actually coming directly at the heart of the financial system? I don't know how commercial banks will feel about  conception that it is actually a legitimate threat to money yet. So hopefully it goes for at least a few more years without them coming to terms with that. Yeah. And then what about the financial institutions and their response to kind of the entire DeFi ecosystem? Is that something where some percentage start to participate and then they kind of get out, right? They survive. But the ones who thumb their nose, they end up suffering at the feet. Like how does that work?  financial tooling as Bitcoin was to money. And they're going to be completely washed over by this stuff. Now, it doesn't mean that like all banks are going away or all financial institutions are going away, but just in the same way that the internet completely decimated, then transformed and regrew entire industries around it. Bitcoin, Ethereum, DeFi, cryptocurrency and decentralized finance generally is going to do that to the banking establishment. And obviously these are slow moving institutions.  at a Bitcoin company. They want to work on a decentralized protocol. Are you seeing that on the ground in terms of the folks that you hire, the folks that you talk to that are joining the industry, or is that maybe overgeneralization and still majority of the folks who want to quote, quote, work in finance, they still want to go work at the JP Morgan's, the Goldman Sachs and those places. I think it is largely true and it makes a lot of sense. I mean, generally people have to choose in life between doing something that is, you know,  play and finance and saying, you know what, I'm going to go make 200 grand a year over at this bank or 500 grand a year over this bank, right? You can make that much or more joining a crypto company and change the world while you do it. So yeah, anecdotally, we see this. We see people will join shape shift from the traditional world. And even if they're leaving shape shift, they don't go back to the traditional world. They go to a different crypto company, right? Like this black hole is sucking everyone in. I, uh, I always feel weird sometimes like walk around New York  doesn't mean that you're guaranteed to get wealthy or be right in certain situations, whatever, but the opportunity exists. And so you still got to take the action, got to educate yourself all that, but it does feel like there's a paradigm difference here between pretty much every other trend of my lifetime where institutions are just, they've got more capital, they've got more intellectual horsepower, and they're able to kind of get ahead of it before individuals figure it out. Yeah. Bitcoin crypto is a great equalizer.  fixed money, you allow the world to heal. And we have lived in a world of sick money for many decades, you know, over a hundred years, I would say. I could not agree more. Uh, before we finish up, uh, just what's your pitch to people, right? So people who are out there who use centralized exchanges, uh, or are interested in, uh, finding a new exchange, uh, to use what's your pitch as to why they should consider shape shift or maybe some of the others?  after that, where you are ready to take responsibility and control of your own keys, your own wealth, and to have a little bit more understanding of the purpose of this stuff. And it is slightly harder than using a Coinbase, but not much. And so if you want to use an easy service where you maintain control of your wealth and you get that self-sovereign attribute over money, ShapeShift is a great way to do that. And ShapeShift is one of the only non-custodial services in the world  I think we both agree that the legacy banks, legacy financial institutions, writing's on the wall and we'll see kind of how it plays out. Yeah, they're in trouble and I'm so inspired really by all the awesome entrepreneurs in this industry that are building this stuff. I'm proud to be part of it. Where can we send people to find out more about ShapeShift or find you on the internet? Yeah, shapeshift.com, best place for that. And I am at Eric Voorhees.