 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Austin here. How you doing, man? Great to be here, Paul. Absolutely. All right. We're going to get started with the biggest news probably earlier this year, which was you raised $100 million Series A. Where did that come from? We were at the right time at the right place with great execution by a great team. So we've been working on tax and accounting software for consumers, enterprises, and governments to really fuel widespread adoption of cryptocurrency. So it was awesome to see how we got there.  you know, as the TurboTax of crypto is do it yourself, link your exchanges, link your wallets, and then we produce your tax forms and feed those into TurboTax or over to your account on the back end. Well, a few years ago, we knew that that model wasn't going to last. At some point, exchanges and the actual broker dealers, banks, financial institutions, were going to issue 1099s and actually going to help the users compile their taxes natively within their applications. And so we set out to go and build professional grade  really get in compliance with the tax regulations of their countries. And so that's an exciting market for us as well. So I think people understand the retail market. I think they understand the kind of enterprise market when the IRS says that you're their tax software partner. What does that mean? Yeah. So what we can say, obviously that means a lot and there's 18 months of a long relationship here and RFP process, but they are using our software and data feeds in order to audit the accuracy of what taxpayers are filing with  is applicable to taxes, but it's also applicable just on day to day basis. I got to run my business. So I got to manage my portfolio. And so that's where the accounting stuff comes in. But like, what are those products look like? Great question, Pomp. So this actually started from a kind of this land and expand model as we were entering, integrating our enterprise tax clients. They came to us and said, Hey, you're running gains and losses for all of our users real time. It's incredible. No one is doing that for us as an entity for gap or IFRS recount accounting purposes. And so they're like, Hey, we're struggling to get a big four auditor or  but or accept it as means of payment. And we're starting to see a lot more adoption on that side of things as PayPal's or at least merchant spend to 30 million merchants now and other corporations are starting to accept it as a currency. And so that will automate their books and accounting from their journal entries to their asset and liability reserves to their gains and losses and so much more in real time. Yeah. And so if you raise a hundred million dollars series, a, uh, somebody gave you a hundred million dollars, we could talk about who those people are in a second. Um, but there's got to be a,  So coming up on 70 people will be over 100 here in the coming weeks or months, I should say, adding five people a week right now. And then as we grow internationally, this isn't just a problem in the United States, like cryptocurrency is property. It's not cryptocurrency, it's crypto property. And that's something like 80% of the world's countries. And so this has to be solved across the globe in order for cryptocurrency to continue to proliferate. So you guys have grown, I think you've become by far the leader in this space, both from the people who are behind you,  which one is awesome, but two is I don't even understand and I think most people don't understand what the implications if El Salvador actually does make Bitcoin legal tender. Does that then make some of these tax complexities in the United States smaller? Does it remove them or does it actually not matter? And some of this is like people are kind of wishful thinking. Yeah. And I think El Salvador, it's incredible announcement. Obviously Argentina is close to my heart. I lived there for a couple of years. So really excited to see the adoption there. And I just saw  even hints at what that looks like for these Latin American countries.  tax returns of very, very wealthy people. And I don't remember the exact numbers, but it was like less than 4% income tax is what they were paying. Now people, that's the headline. Everyone yells and screams, whatever. Uh, we should caveat like wealthy people don't make most of their money from income. They make it from capital gains and other types of a wealth generation events. And most of their wealth is in a unrealized gain, uh, kind of status. Therefore they don't pay taxes until they actually sell it or monetize or whatever. But they also understand this idea of tax loss,  those dips selling, harvesting a loss, and then legally repurchasing your position back in at the right time in order to continue to appreciate over the long term, that's tax loss harvesting. And so as you do that, all of those losses start to accumulate and losses carry forward. You can't carry them back. So losses today are better than losses tomorrow. Harvest them anytime you can and you keep stacking them. People talk about stacking SATs and Bitcoin stack losses. And then when you ultimately do  stock at $10, it goes up to $15 and then all of a sudden it goes back down to $8. And I actually sell the stock at $8. I book a $2 loss, right? And so if I then got paid $2 at work as part of income or whatever, I basically could negate the $2 of income with the $2 of the loss from the investment. Basic over generalization. Now in the equity market, there's all sorts of rules around Washington  happening. Um, we're, we're going to see a lot. And, but here's the thing in the equity world, what the most savvy people are doing is they're not waiting 30 days to repurchase their position and their asset. They're repurchasing a position in a 95% correlated asset immediately holding that during the 30 day wait period, and then going back into their original asset. So software does that software can run all these correlations and statistical regression tables, tax pits doing this in preparation, you know, for watch sale rules on both. We're not just a cryptocurrency company.  Yeah, let me tell you about it. So let's start on the consumer side. Any one of a cryptocurrency investors right now can go sign up at taxbid.com, do it yourself, link your exchange accounts. You're going to have this whole tax optimization module. You're going to be able to go in there and see all of your outstanding cost basis lots that sum up to what you own. And you're going to see them by source, where they're being stored, what exchanges, et cetera, wallets. And you can start to see, OK, now as of right now, I have a loss in this lot. I should select that lot.  You're gonna be able to do this natively within their application with tax center tabs are coming to the industry and it's an end-to-end experience to be able to harvest losses straight on those platforms and set notifications set automated trades and alerts and so many other things and so we're excited to share more in some way Shopifies entire motto is like arm the rebels, right? There's no greater rebel than the Bitcoin and kind of cryptocurrency industry And so really what you guys are doing is you're trying to take these very sophisticated strategies these in many cases  of thousands of dollars, but you know, tens or hundreds of dollars that is more, more typical in America today for middle America. Yeah. Is there anything else that you see that people who are interested in reducing tax bills that like a wealthy strategy that they should be thinking about here in crypto? And that's not from like an advice standpoint, but like tax loss harvesting is a great idea. Right. Are there other things that you guys have either built into the product or you think that people should be aware of? So there's a variety of ways to harvest losses and you know, selling is one of them, but cryptocurrency  you get credit for a charitable deduction at the fair market value at the time you donated it and it is tax free. And so you're double dipping from the charitable contribution and the tax free and the appreciation. So we're helping a lot of people on the charity side. And then as well, the tax loss harvesting side by either selling or using crypto today, the product, it feels like is a manual and kind of opt in, right? It seems like though, eventually you want to get to more of like an automated solution. And so is this like a version of almost like a  accounting background in terms of previous success in Salt Lake City, I think you guys were right. And you stayed there and now you've opened a second office. My understanding is in Seattle. And so most people would not think of Salt Lake City or Seattle as the places to go build crypto business. So maybe talk about kind of what brought you to Salt Lake City, why you stayed and started and then the second headquarters in Seattle. Yeah. I mean the whole tax bit story is unconventional to begin with. I mean, I left,  as yourself, Pomp, we should talk a little bit about that too. So as I've gone through that, Utah's just flourished. We brought in so much talent over the last 10 years to Qualtrics and all these other companies. It's called Silicon Slopes right now, right? And so it's an amazing place. The dollar goes a long way. The weather's incredible. You got the mountains. There's so much to do that we're, okay, we need to take advantage and harvest this ecosystem here. Well, Seattle, I grew up there. Like I'm from there. And so when you look at it,  that's an oxymoron, like people go into crypto to avoid taxes and do money laundering. And so we just kept building and building and building. We were in stealth mode for many years, building this enterprise professional security that could scale to billions of transactions at the enterprise level. And really fortunate now that cryptocurrencies just hit this wave that we were ready. And so it is a little unconventional, but perfect timing. Salt Lake City in Seattle. Now I think people are starting to recognize, okay, we can recruit people here. Uh, we're recording this in Miami. You were here for the big day.  really cool to see the amount of energy, but not just on the retail side. Institutional adoption is here. Bitcoin's here. And so we're starting to see Fortune 500 companies, big funds, hedge funds, administrators. They're taking this seriously. Large banks, traditional banks, up and comers. It's here to stay. And so this is a great time and great place to be here in Miami. Yeah. And so when you think about kind of developing a global workforce, we were talking beforehand and you guys are actually having this hybrid model. So some people are like, oh, we're all remote. So we're like, everyone get back in the  It was completely flipped on its head. Everyone remote. And that got tiring and strenuous. And the feedback was, man, what I would do to like have face to face interaction again. And so as we've now shifted to vaccinations available, the feedback was, I want the best of both worlds. I want face to face interaction. I want the camaraderie, the energy, the hallway whiteboard moments that happened with that. But I also want to lock myself in my room at times and just be heads down and get knocked shit out. And so, you know, that's what we've, that's what we've been doing.  our goals and those and the, and the like those days. Then the other day is team specific. Hey, get together with your pod or your team and figure out what works best for you. So just being flexible there. Got it. Um, as you look forward, taxes are only going to become a bigger and bigger idea. Uh, one, uh, we see lots of cities and states now saying, wait a minute, this industry is, there's a lot of wealth generation. There's a lot of companies being built, all that stuff. Like maybe we want them based here, right? Whatever the city or state is, cause there's tax revenue associated with it.  I keep my eye on more more so than the price of Bitcoin. I ignore that it's all about adoption in my mind But I think the second is cryptocurrency has not been a currency today people aren't Transacting that point of sale and so over the next couple of years I do Forsee that changing where it makes sense to spend currency from a tax perspective at times But also ease of use and transaction fees and just the electronic nature of it So I think that's another thing that we're gonna start to see and then third I think just  Before we continue with this awesome episode, I want to quickly talk about our sponsor Kraken. For the last 10 years, Kraken has built one of the best platforms to buy and sell cryptocurrencies online. They've got a brand new mobile app, the Kraken app. Today, you can go on and buy Bitcoin or up to 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies in the world. And you can do that on the go 24 seven. All you have to do is simply download the app, connect your bank account, and you can get started investing with as little as $10. It only takes a minute to get started.  say thanks, it would mean the world to me if you would go and download their new mobile app. All right, let's get back into this episode. I hope you're enjoying this one. Yeah, it's really interesting too, where I'm an investor in Taxbit, I'm an investor in BlockFi. So let's use those two as examples. And BlockFi is one of the early partners that's starting to incorporate some of the tax software. It's like a no-brainer when you talk to the executive team, right? They're like, of course our users need tax help, right? And we want to be able to do that. And some of it's like we want to remain in good standing with  But like, it feels like now people are waking up and it's becoming very obvious that this is where we're going. Yeah, that's exactly right. We obviously love the BlockFi team and you know, you can connect your tax bid account, all your transactions right there within their app, you know, with one click and your taxes are done. Well, just wait for what's coming. There's so many more announcements between our two companies around the corner. It's even going to take this to a whole nother level. Um, but that's how the equity industry has existed. Pomp is you don't have to go and figure this shit out on yourself. The equity brokers have those tax center tax  the  going to hold multiple assets and like that's going to be our interface with the client. Or do you feel like we're going to get a replication of the legacy financial world where, you know, I have an account for my equities. I have an account for any commodities that I own. Usually I've got an account for maybe currencies. I've got an account for my bank itself, right? And my savings account or checking account. Like how do you see this playing out and how are you guys building your software to be ready for this? I think it's all coming together. I think we're entering the 21st century of banking. I think traditional banks are shaking in their boot.  form specific and then having tax and accounting built on integrated into that is super powerful and you're going to be able to really take advantage of your wealth and your situation and control it much easier than traditional finance today. Yeah. Um, what are the downsides to all of this? Right? So when you were talking to investors or you were talking to a potential partners or customers, like what are the things that make them hesitant or like risk that they associate? Is it just a prioritization thing? Like,  culture and how you scale. It's chaos and it's always chaos under the hood of the fastest growing tech companies. So it's exciting. It's challenging. It's fun. From our business in particular, privacy and security are at the forefront. Like we take that so seriously. We're investing so much there and you know, there's a lot to do and there always is anyone that says that they've arrived when it comes to privacy and security, I'd be very weary of. And so we aren't an asset custodian. That's great. We're a  tax enforcement, like that breaks all the foundational backbones of how America was built. But they gave it a chance and they said, okay, we're going to let this play out and we're going to, you know, allow the practitioners in the industry to go and solve the KYC, the, um, you know, AML and the tax and accounting challenges. And, you know, fortunately tax pay, you know, solve that on the tax and accounting side and other providers on the AML KYC side. But we have a long ways to go. When you talk about D five, how are we going to scale that?  becomes decentralized infrastructure. Uh, is there a way for you to kind of plug in and still automate some of this or is it going to be completely reliant on the individuals coming and kind of uploading information? And that's, that's the piece that can't happen. Just, you know, conversations with the IRS and others like voluntary tax reporting has never worked in society. The 20 years ago, the equity space all changed 10, nine, nine bees came out because voluntary tax reporting wasn't working. There was this massive tax gap is what the IRS defines. What is that? A tax?  So if you don't file, it's a robotic audit, you're going to get audited and so there's really kind of no more option here. So the decentralized world, my hypothesis is we're going to start to see the next generation of tech companies on the KYC front. How can we layer on some of this standard protocols that exist in the centralized space and then take that to the next level. So firsthand conversations with our investors and so many others. There's a lot of innovation to happen on that. Yeah, it's interesting when you think, I think it was one time saw, and I'll probably get the numbers wrong, but directionally  a lot more. We're still in the early innings, not just in crypto in general, but the compliance and regulatory side of things too. So yeah, it'll continue to close. And I think Coinbase is S one just brought a lot of knowledge to the space about how many people in America are transacting and they publish those quarterly reports. And so that's been fascinating to see. How important is it the U S tax regime versus like other countries or other countries, uh, this sophisticated, this kind of, um, the one where I can think of as overbearing, but that's kind of a negative  But you've got the UK tax authority Australian tax office this Canadian revenue agency They're taking it seriously, too You're seeing UK subpoenas across popular platforms all the time. And so it's not US specific by any means it sounds like Similar to institutions institutions hated Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies until they figured out how they could make money from it now. They love it, right? Governments are kind of the same thing right of like Oh We can't figure how to like collect taxes or whatever as they become more effective at doing that  progress towards more regulatory compliance that we're starting to bridge that gap. And that's, that's huge for the industry. Yeah. It feels like, um, the financial incentive is very strong, right? If all of a sudden now, uh, a government can figure out how to make money from it, right? And make money is just taxation. Uh, there's likely to be that. Uh, but also it also feels like, um, it's kind of the, uh, jaywalking example, right? Jaywalking is technically illegal, but if you can't enforce it, is it really illegal in New York city on paper? Right?  from increasing or being evaluated and carried out. I understand where they're coming from. Me too. I'm a CPA. I hate taxes. When I do my taxes at year end, yeah, it's not a pleasant thing. But it's still a law. Exactly. It's kind of like the accreditation laws. I always say, I think they're stupid. I think they should change. Yes. But I'm still only going to take money in a fund from accredited investors if that's what the rules say. Because I don't want to get in trouble. Taxation feels  people actually, in some cases, lower their taxes with the tax loss harvesting, right? That's it. How can we take this unsexy topic that people hate, even the professionals like myself, and make it a little bit more sexy? People like saving money. They like keeping the dollars that they've hard earned, that they're working every day for. They like keeping those in their pockets. And so how can we help people do that in a legal way, in a tax-beneficial way to them? And so that's where I get really excited about our businesses, the end result.  and know that you have the most accurate solution out there. We've resolved thousands of IRS audits. We've got your back all the time. The IRS uses our software. Second, you're going to have human to human interaction. Our customer support team, our real people in Salt Lake, in Seattle, not off-shored. You're going to get the best of the best that really understand US taxation themselves. So you're going to have that experience. Third, the exchanges are using Taxbit. The platforms that you use are using Taxbit, many of them. And so just know that that whole  What's the pitch to them as to why they should partner with you should absolutely reach out to us our enterprise page as soon as you see a demo of how it's not just going to get you in compliance with the IRS, it's going to drive transaction volume net new users a better user experience natively to your interface full liability on all of your information reporting. You know how many times you know founders are losing sleep on the exchange level of compliance on the tax side. We're taking that all on we're that confident in everything we do. So reach out to us. You'll see a demo and you're going to be able to get a demo.  I was like the smallest investor in the round. So Tiger Global and Paradigm were the co-leads. And so really, you know, outstanding investors there. No one's ever heard of either one of those. I doubt it. Very small firms. Yeah, exactly. Incredible, helpful people there. And then we had an amazing syndicate from industry, Galaxy, PayPal, Gemini, Coinbase, and then just strong influencers such as yourself, Ryan Smith, the owner of the Jazz, you know, Bill Ackman, good friend,