 I'm  Like that's cool. There's a dog in the office. And so that's what Miami feels like coming from San Francisco. And I hate that because I'm, I'm still living in San Francisco, but it's truly what it feels like. It's like that may be the best description I've heard of Miami so far of like Miami is the startup office and San Francisco is the one you know what I mean, right? Like when you go from one to the other. Yeah. But I also think there's other elements of truth to that, which is I continue to tell people that folks who have moved to Miami, uh, one, they're serious. There's nobody who like is here.  move to work, then like my maybe will be because there is some gravity in Florida to just like, you know, get you to just chill. So, you know, if you can resist the gravity, it's going to be great. I don't know. You know, they're the startup scene here. I feel like there is the great filter because for to pick up and move is no joke, right? Even if you're, you know, 23 years old and you're young and you're single, you still got to move like it's still not to find a place to find a place. It's a decision. It's not an easy thing to just sort of it's not it's not an easy two way door. It's more of a one way door. And so  right for a couple of days liked it came back like a week later this time I was like wait maybe we should actually do this and then we were here within like four weeks and we just said let's figure it out and are you going to this Bitcoin Bitcoin conference is going on right now yeah I haven't been to it yet have you do you attend any of it I went it's absolute madness so and had you gone before to previous years so tell me what's the progression think of in prior years it was low single-digit thousands it's now 10 to  And then like kind of over time it became more commercialized, whatever. I think that we're not quite there yet, but like you can feel, you know, it's getting closer and closer to that, just law of large numbers. But the quality of the actual like content and the speakers and all this, you gotta remember that if Bitcoin, I think it's at $180,000 Bitcoin price, 50% of the force 400 is gonna come from the Bitcoin and crypto industry. At 180K. About, right?  Very different group of people, but I do think it's interesting when you have that kind of wealth transfer because also you have to remember that who front ran the whole thing. It's all retail. Yeah. Right. And so it's like, this wasn't a thing where, Oh, rich people are just going to get richer. Cause that's usually what happens when you get the concentration of wealth in the quality gap. Instead what we have, this is a, none of these people on the list before. Right. So it's like, you're, it literally is a wealth transfer in that sense. Right. This wasn't old and rich get richer.  I also think there's a much more long-term thinking that goes on here, just given the nature of the asset, right? When you live in a world where the underlying currency gets depreciated, it's obviously the financial incentivize for short term. When you have this idea of Bitcoin and kind of an appreciating purchasing power, if it works, right, which still is an F, but most likely will, it just makes you think much more long-term. And so like, how does that change what people are doing?  So I thought that was in and somebody else. I think your guy Jordy was saying he's like, I was backstage at the thing. He's like, dude, this is like my YouTube suggested feed walking around, you know, talking to each other, which I think is just cool in general. But I have these ideas of like, I think that somebody. So you said this can be bigger in the South by Southwest. Bigger and there's a couple of different ways you can measure that. Right. I don't know how big South by Southwest is in terms of attendees. Right. But I think bigger from like an influence. Yeah. Right. Right.  And I was trying to convince him to do North by Northwest and just do the, like some people retire at Southwest Southwest, too saturated. Cool. Let's just restart with North by Northwest. Let's just do a new one. Um, or like, I think if the crypto community decided to like fork burning man and just created like a new version of burning man, and instead of, you know, burning the man at the end, it's like, you know, something else, you know, I think that there's a lot of energy around getting this group of people together that share some beliefs. Um, but in these contexts that are, you know,  I think  Tech started to kind of break that up a little bit because like the kid in the hoodie could have built a company that was worth Can't underestimate anyone. Yeah, like but still we know who the founder of Facebook was we knew who the founder of Twitter was like there was still this like hierarchical structure to it a little bit But if you weren't in the industry, then you kind of had to be careful Bitcoin crypto like anybody. Yes, like literally you could walk up to somebody and you don't know if they have  you just don't know. Right. Yeah. And you can't because it didn't take a lot of money to get there early. What is what get what really gets you there for the most part. And so anybody could have been early and there is a sort of a layer of anonymity around it that if you're like you said, if you're smart, you choose to do. I have a theory. I don't even know how we would go and figure this out. But majority of the people who are in what I call wave one or phase one, they actually are not that wealthy.  And so like around the, you know, maybe a hundred to a thousand dollar price point. Those are people who are coming in with much more money. They were much more sophisticated for the most part. There's more infrastructure in place. Uh, the ability to secure the assets, like, like it was just a little bit different phase three was when like, okay, now like me, mega wealthy, et cetera, we're coming in, but that phase three was when we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like, okay, we're coming in. And then we were like  I'm interested in investing and I'm interested in content. And when I put all these things together, it's falls under this like solo capitalist slash solopreneur idea. I don't know if there's a term yet that like, okay, this is the one we're going with. But like when you say those two terms, I think people know we're talking about. Yes. I think people know, some people know what that means now. And what I think is going to be interesting is the more people who do this, the more, I guess like of a light is going to be shared.  this one, uh, can we like either work, we start with, we start with investing and then we go into either building and making content or we start with content and then we go and we say, Oh great. We have this audience. Maybe we should start leveraging that through building businesses and launching products or, um, investing in businesses. And that seems to work. And I think that that's, how do you think about it? Like is it content first or is it the investing slash like products first? So I think it's, uh, neither. I think there's a, so I drew this like dynamic.  a skill at being able to get the gift of gab, right? So you can actually like create content. Bullshit with the best stuff. Yeah, exactly. A professional bullshitter. Okay, great. So, you know, there's a lot of people who work in tech, not all of them are passionate about crypto and were like brave enough to sort of like be out there in the forefront before it was cool. And then also like of those, how many can actually create consistently entertaining content? Very few. So you end up competing in these like N of one, like arenas where it's like, well, there's not that many people I'm even competing with usually, like,  somebody to reply to my email. I'm trying to get somebody to buy on my website. And so like, that's why I write. I want to write to get a result. And I've learned a bunch of tips on that. One tweet has generated a course that's going to do over six, you know, it's going to do six figures off of one tweet. How do you do that? Well, because I have this audience asset, which is like a group of people who like, listen and trust me. And so I think that that's the, for me, I'm like, that's the asset you want to keep pumping into through contact. Usually. So basically use that for everything else. You've basically gone out and you found the customer.  And you turn that into kinetic energy, right? A ball at the top of the ramp. It's only potential energy, zero kinetic. As soon as it starts to roll, all that potential becomes kinetic. That's how I think about audience. Audience is the potential energy. And one thing I would just kind of my edit to what you just said is it's not that they want more Sean. They want more of something in their life. So like, let's say they want more money in their life. And so they might decide to co-invest with me through my rolling fund into startups or they want more  When they have a need, I basically build a product for it. So that's like, I built a Chrome extension. That's just like a to-do list of one thing. Cause that's how I run my day. I have one, one big thing I do every day. And so I built a Chrome extension for that. And that helps people who wanted that. I'll do a paid newsletter. I'll do a rolling fund. I'll do, you know, so I'll create all these different products to try to see, can I, can I give the same batch of customers like more value? All right. Let's talk about the content first and then we'll get into some of the other stuff. Uh, from a content perspective, how do you think about the different platforms and like where you focus  I'm going to go for Twitter because Twitter has this retweet button. So if I want my message to spread like this platform has that as a spread button like built in and so that's pretty powerful. So let me like, let me use that to like grow the top of the top of the funnel. And then, you know, so, and it's like, well, should I do 10 platforms at once? Like, well, no, probably not. You should probably like build one platform first focus and then transfer. So I basically just did the same thing. So when I think after, after that podcast, I was like, all right, I'm gonna build my Twitter.  trusted relationship. You know, when I sold my last company, I thought about, all right, what's like, do I just do this again? Like I got off the roller coaster. All right. Do I just like wait in line and go again? Like that seems weird. Or do I like, is there other rides at this amusement park that seemed fun? And the one I thought seemed the most fun was I don't know about you, but like I had always had these books and podcasts that like had really like shifted me. Like shaped my life, like really shaped my thinking or like just kept me entertained when I was bored.  It'll take time, but I think I'll get to that million people a day that listen, I think it's ambitious, but give me five, 10 years and I'll get there. There's something very intimate and I don't have it fully fleshed out yet, but someone puts headphones in and you're speaking into their ear, but that is a very intimate experience. If I was to walk up to you in the middle of the sidewalk, yeah, that'd be weird, right? You'd be like, hot dudes, stay away from me. I like you, but we're not like that. Yeah. And so if you think about when else does that happen?  but somebody told me that Clubhouse for them, just in terms of audio. So it wasn't necessarily a Clubhouse specific, but audio was really helpful for them because they just had a child. And so they were taking care of the child. It was a hands-free experience, right? And so they were able to just kind of listen, participate, whatever. And so I do think podcast is a very unique thing. What's hard about podcasts is you can definitely convince people, hey, there's a product or go here or do whatever, but the actual action of doing it  podcast feed out to click play. And that intentional action is a much higher bar, I think, to get people coming back over and over and over again than any other platform. Right. It's not easy to share. If I share with somebody a podcast, it's like, Hey man, gut got an hour to listen. Like, you know, like that's a, what kind of friend am I? And so I think that's why podcasts are really, really hard to grow, but it's also quite defensible when you have a big audience. It's good. If I could go back, I would have skipped podcasting gone straight to YouTube. Um, I think you're more YouTube  who's the CEO of Twitch where they acquired my company. And he, we were like kind of like writing the like annual strategy letter or there was, I was reading the annual strategy kind of like memo in the company. And one thing I wrote was like, I just left a note. I said, I think the data shows that a lot of people use Twitch as like a second screen experience. And at first team was like, Oh no, is this bad? If we're not the four, if we're not the tab that they're staring at the whole time, it's like, well, no, they actually wanted to like pop in, pop out, listen in the background while they're  is actually a bigger market. There's more available sites and there's like less good options for it. And I think Clubhouse, one of the reasons it rose to its initial hype was it was a partial attention social network. You didn't have to like be looking at the screen and using your hand to like navigate. You could just be doing other things. Rich from Lightspeed, which he's a TMT analyst and basically spends all day thinking about this stuff. He once told me this, and I think it's probably the best way to think about all of the different platforms.  with Netflix, which is competing with Twitter, right? And Fortnite or, you know, and again, I mean, you can go through it. Like literally, there's probably the hundreds of platforms. And the way to think about it now, I think, is I just look at like, how much time do I spend on my phone? Right. I'm scared of my computer time spent, but on my phone, I know I spend anywhere given the week between four to five hours a day on my phone. And that's phone calls. That's text message platforms, all the stuff. So let's just say that every hour is pretty good. That's that's that's low. Yeah, I think that's low.  ask to get them to do that. And then if you're doing it two or three times a week, like, you know, nearly impossible. And so I think that like, when you look at all the platforms, you start to then actually want to almost prioritize what are the passive consumption platforms, right? Like if I can get you to listen to me in the background while you're at work, that's a way bigger advantage for me. We're done using that hour. Yes. Then like, okay, you have to sit down and read this 20 minute email. Yeah, exactly. Like good luck. So the, the, the best  They just mapped out a customer's day. So, okay, if a person wakes up at 7 a.m., what do they use? What technology do they use between 7 to 7.15? How do we build a product that's gonna fill the while you're brushing your teeth time? Okay, then how do we get to the next? And so they just mapped out every hour of the, every waking hour of someone's day. And this sounds like kind of like big evil tech, but hey, look, this is what they do. They're making slot machines. They're trying to like get you to keep pulling the lever is how do we, how do we fill up every hour? Every, you know, for every minute of your day,  like maybe the time you're spending on email or Facebook or whatever. And then you kind of have like, oh, well that's a Netflix. It's like an hour experience. Then you have like, I'm in line and I'm gonna just send a quick text message. So then you fill in kind of like the smaller pebbles and you put those in. And then you have the sand and that's like the passive experience of stuff. You could just, it'll fill in all the gaps. So if you wanna fill the jar, you gotta know which type of product are you building. Is it a big rock, a small pebble or is it sand? And then that's the way it can stand.  Okay. Yeah, we're going to build it. Tif-tif keeps growing. Tif-tif keeps growing. They reported a new number. Oh my God. The analyst says it's eating YouTube's lunch. Hey guys, where's that shorts product? Get that shorts product out there. They get it out there. Okay. Numbers look okay. Cool. Um, put it in the feed, put it bigger in the middle of the feed. Uh, every time you scroll three times, show it again. And like this product managers that are trying to get shorts views up, right? Or stories. Oh, Snapchat's rising. Hey, Instagram, Facebook, we need stories. Put stories in. Okay, cool. It's good. Put it at the top.  And then that changes and you're like, ah shit, the double rate thing ended. I gotta go back over where I wanted to be anyways. But for a moment in time, there's like this, like it's the money ball. There's an extra point you can get by using these platforms. So I've been dabbling with that right now, which is what are the things where I pick the same amount of effort or maybe even sometimes less effort making some content and get double or triple exposure either because the platform's juicing it or a topic is just like, dude, every time I talk about Bitcoin, it just gets bigger. Or like if I say some conservative thing, you know,  like, uh, it's more like, you observe it. You're like, okay, there's a truth. I accept it. I'm not, I don't have to act on it. I know a lot of people. I have good friends that are like, dude, Twitter threads work. I'm going to do, but I'm going to publish four a week. I've noticed that any more than four is not optimal. And I'm going to publish them all at 9am. So now I wake up at seven and I do the thing and I'm like, that's cool, but that would suck the fun out of this for me. So maybe I'm leaving stuff on the table by not doing that, not optimizing it using all the sort of schools at my disposal. But  discipline. You're like a, you know, you're an army guy, you have discipline. I know you wake up every morning and you write the newsletter and that's hard. Like I could not do what you do. Uh, because I'm like a lazy bastard who like, you know, just, but you're also on the West coast. It's harder. It is harder. But like, I do, I think about this a lot. I do think that, uh, what Ben Thompson is in Asia, right? Yeah. Yeah. So like, I do think there's something about, uh, either living in the Eastern part of the world, moved to Greenland or something. And you basically get a right during the day. And then you put your night is the morning, uh,  I'm gonna launch a fund from zero. I'm gonna raise some money if you want to know learn how raising money works You can follow along I'm gonna build an e-commerce project if you want to see how you come up with that how you get to a hundred thousand in monthly sales for that I'm gonna show you that I said I'm not gonna teach you because like I don't know if you I'm not gonna like turn this into content Like I'm not gonna turn this into it like a you can do it I'm just gonna show you how I do it So it's like you're getting to sit next to me at my desk I'm just gonna tell you what I did that day and then if you learn from that or you think you could do it great and that thing got to  And anybody else was like, just sit down and write it. It's just writing. That's easy. It's free. You know, like you write it mom. Yeah, exactly. And she was like, tell me what to say. No, but that was, you know, I learned that wasn't sustainable for me. In that situation, why not just hire one person and basically just get on a call with them for 20 minutes, tell them what you did that day and then they write it. So yeah, I could have done that. The problem with the main problem with that one is actually that it wasn't just the writing. That was like my big mistake. I was committing to starting these three things. So I had to.  BlockFi, BlockFi's got four different financial products for crypto investors. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account. You can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use our cryptocurrency exchange and have no trading fees or you can get a new Bitcoin rewards credit card. It's a normal credit card that when you swipe, you get Bitcoin back rather than cashback or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too when you go to blockfi.com  My friend was telling me about this. He goes, dude, there's like, they're going to be so happy. We're talking about this on the podcast. Yeah. Go sponsor me. I'm I'm I'm on an, I've never been, but my friend was telling me, he goes, he goes, dude, it's genius. He goes, there's basically a strip club, but it's not seen as a strip club. He's like the guy who started this, there's like geniuses out. He's like, I don't know how they did it, but it's like, it's kind of like a restaurant you go to and I've never been. So tell me where I'm wrong. But he's like, it's a restaurant you go to and it's kind of got like elements of a restaurant and a strip club and a bar, but it's not, he's like the  Like if you wake up in the morning, you're like, you know, I'm a sort of strip club today. You could show me a picture and I'd be like, that's the kind of guy. Right? Originalization. I'm sure there's some nice ones too, but like, you know, you get the point. Most people who own clubs also a specific type of person, right? When you come at it from a business and entrepreneurship and like, Hey, I'm a real estate developer. And oh, by the way, there's happens to be this big warehouse or this like old club that was here. Like we should do something. I think that you just come at it from a very different, like my  I think they last on average two years. A club does. And then it like turns over. I've heard that the average club life is shorter than the average NFL player's career. Right. Like think about that for a second. Like we all know that NFL players don't last that long. Right. So clubs last shorter than that. And so I think that like you just have to look at like what is the mentality of the NFL players. And I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing  be kind of in the formation creation phase. And then like, to what extent do you like the people are having success or they're having success because they actually came from a unique background. So their point of view was like, I was given, I'll give you this example. We'll jump to the, to this point and then we can go back to wherever the starting point, most people who were in the like content creation phase, let's say 10, 15 years ago, take somebody like Tim Ferriss, love Tim Ferriss, loved his books, met him. Great guy. He wrote books. That was like the playbook.  do all these 10 raise of fund, whatever, like Tim Ferriss invested, but he just invested, yeah, I think his own capital and did well, but like he could have had, you know, a role did well because he had what I'll call insider access, right? He was in this circle in Silicon Valley. He was able to get the best deals. And so you should invest an Uber, you know, very good call to get, right? But he was able to build this fantastic platform and then ultimately able to monetize it. But he outlined  like, oh, I'm the CEO of a company. We raised, you know, $16 million and we built this team with this office. Well, I'm going to go do a podcast. Like it sounds like, oh wow. Like, you know, step down much and like, but when you go into that, you're going to come in with this totally different mindset. First, like different level of ambition, different like set of skills and knowledge. They're like, Hey, why don't we, why don't we raise a fund off this audience rather than just charging them for tickets to a event that we throw or $9 for my book.  right away, you could take only like 99 accredited investors. And so that was for me a very interesting thing to see, oh man, if I just use the traditional playbook every other podcaster is using, which is I'd like to read ads out loud, then I was only going to be capped at 75K of total potential value. And then just by bringing in a different perspective, because my previous background of angel investing, I was able to generate 4 million of annual investment commitments that was  because that just wasn't their skill set. And also I don't think they enjoyed it. I think they really, really wanted to spend their time on their craft, whatever the thing was that they were interested in. Business was a second thing. I think what all these platforms have in power is the exact opposite now. They have business people showing up being like, wait, I can have an audience? I don't need a business manager, I am the manager. And oh, by the way, I have the audience, I have this, whatever. And so you start to see some really, really unique things that are happening where it's just, again, almost an outsider to the content creation.