 The  immediately you saw a reversal. Bitcoin did the complete opposite of what everybody expected it to do, but nonetheless, we had kind of a sweep down to range lows around 31K, and then we've had kind of this sharp rebound into today where we're sitting around 37K. Price action wise, we did get a strong bounce off of those range lows, so that's a good thing. Then another non-on-chain thing, I think it's interesting to watch how  trying to get at in the newsletter this week is that we're kind of in this reaccumulation process. We had talked about, you know, we're kind of consolidating and it's going to take a while. After we had that original dump, it was going to take a while for, you know, those that loose supply to kind of find a new home. But I think this week you're starting to see some of that supply move into accumulation. And so we can we can kind of get into the different metrics, but that's kind of like the high level of it. Got it. Let's start with  this big drawdown in Sober and it was the largest drawdown since March of last year, which off the bat is good because you have this big reset of profit taking. But then we have another drawdown with, I think it was like two days ago. And so that's showing that what it looks like to be a double bottom and kind of a higher low, which is something good to look for. And then also you have a higher low in the oscillator while you have a lower low in price. So like  down to see one kind of serve as support. Throughout the bull market, one usually serves other than major corrections, usually serves as that bounce threshold because in a raging bull market, people aren't going to really want to sell at a loss. You really need a big swing in momentum, like what we've seen over the last few weeks to get people to start to sell at a loss. Throughout the bull market and most of the corrections we had had, Soper had bounced off one  long-term holders were out selling the long-term holders. So if you look at like a month's change, short-term holders have moved 422,000, roughly BTC out of their holdings, while long-term holders have added 389,000. So you get this net difference of shorter term holders selling 32,000, like if you do the net between the two, right? But over the last seven days, that's kind of reversed. So over the last seven days,  because you have, you know, these contrary forces where the short-term holders had been selling really hard, but now the longer-term holders have kind of edged them out, and you're now seeing that net positive between the two in favor of the long-term holders. So that's something that shows me that perhaps this reaccumulation process is towards the later stages. A few weeks ago, I would have said maybe it's going to be a month or two, but  change. Maybe describe that a little bit and kind of what you're seeing. Yeah, so Glass-N-O-N has this metric and it basically looks at different addresses and then clusters them into entities and then looks at the selling behavior of that entity. So first of all, they have to hit a certain age threshold, which is 155 days, which is, by the way, for anyone who's wondering, the same threshold for the long and short-term holders. So over 155 days.  supply thing where we were calling it the Rick Astley chart because these holders look like they were never going to let us down. But they did let us down in late May to early June. But that now seems to be reversing back into what looks like accumulation. So that's something to keep an eye on. And once again, that's in the newsletter. But seeing that flip back green, in my opinion, would be really bullish because you're starting  you can go on and buy Bitcoin or up to 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies in the world. And you can do that on the go 24 seven. All you have to do is simply download the app, connect your bank account, and you can get started investing with as little as $10. It only takes a minute to get started. With the new Kraken app, you'll have your portfolio in your pocket. You can track your portfolio, see who the winners and losers are every day, track your favorite project, or just simply look at the trading volume for your favorite assets.  Yeah, so futures and open interest had pretty much been flat since we had had that big drop on that, you know, Wednesday down to 30K. But over, you know, it was funny when we broke, and maybe this was just timing, but when we broke that triangle, which was, I think, the pattern a lot of people were looking at, to be honest, we had kind of the spike in open interest. And then when it snapped back up, I think what had happened was a lot of people had loaded up  And that's definitely what happened here because everybody it seems like took that one side of the trade you saw funding like drop off a cliff and then all of a sudden you had this big reversal, but Right now when you know one interesting thing Just on the high on that same note is yeah There's been a big spike in shorts throughout the week coming from Bitfinex Which I the only other time that I've seen anything like this like recently was the day before we had that big drop on that Wednesday, so  Yeah, the miners is an interesting one because for a while we had been talking about miners are stacking, miners are stacking. What we've actually seen over the last week, actually the day after we dropped the last episode, miners started selling and especially from China. So, you know, glass node, they can't recognize every miner, but they can kind of like look at the main ones. It looks like some of the transfers to exchanges have come from the Chinese miners  second largest pool in China. It's not like they're dumping all their supply and it's something that would have some crazy effect on price. I'm talking like 5000 BTC, nothing crazy that's going to significantly move the price. It is interesting to just watch. We have all that stuff. China's coming out saying they're banning mining and it does look like we've had this drop off in hash rate, but also some  that could be causing things that would be abnormal on the on-chain metrics, mainly be just because they have to move, they have to get access to cash. So it makes a ton of sense. The last metric that I wanna look at or kind of last analysis is plan B stock to flow. I think this infamous analysis at this point, there's a lot of people who think it's accurate, there's a lot of people who don't think it's accurate. Where do we stand? Is it still valid or has it been invalidated? Yeah, shout out to plan B, really good dude.  currently having the second largest, or actually, I'm sorry, to the downside, the largest deflection in the history of the model. It's something to keep an eye on. I saw he posted something. We're sitting on the very lower bound. He has the main stock to flow, the model price, and then he has these two bands around that. We're sitting him right on that lower band. It's crunch time for S2F, and we'll see you over the next couple of weeks.  Absolutely. And so it seems like this week, the big theme is just that the reaccumulation phase, uh, is nearing an end, right? Which means, uh, yeah, there was a ton of volatility. There was fear, there was greed, all this stuff that played out. Uh, but we've been going sideways for a little bit and people have been reaccumulating strong hands have been buying more and more. Uh, and at some point here, uh, that's going to end in the short term, uh, with likely, but you can't promise, but likely a move upwards. That fair to kind of categorize the analysis. Yeah.  open interest to the market cap to kind of engage when the futures open interest has a stronger effect on price. And then therefore it would be more important to look at things like funding rates, et cetera. But yeah, I think if you have a strong move and that's what we kind of saw today in that tick up and not today, yesterday, and that tick up in futures open interest, I think it's showing like when we have a strong move, you're gonna see traders come back in. But while we're in the range, people are still waiting.  pretty quickly. I think you may be on to something here. So keep up the great work and everyone here on YouTube, you'll see us again on next Saturday. Appreciate it, Pop. Take it easy. All right, everybody.