 All right guys, bang bang. I've got Josh here. Thanks so much for doing this, man. Thanks, Pop. It's great to be here and great to be in Miami. Yeah, for sure. You are a former Navy officer and you served in the National Security Council. Let's just start first with military experience. Like what you do in the military and then what got you interested in going on to the National Security Council? Yeah, I did a lot of Middle East sort of intel  in 2014 or 2015, he came out there and he met some people at Facebook, most of the veterans, and there was kind of a big effort to set this up, right? Yeah, so I wrote a bunch of white papers back in 2013 just talking about how this was a big challenge that we had to figure out how to work with Silicon Valley with startups, shorten that time between innovative technologies coming to market and the Department of Defense using them. And so there were a bunch of people involved. I was just one of them. But yeah, by 2015,  that needs to be made. If the president doesn't want to make it, the president can delegate it down or take a recommendation from specific members of the cabinet like the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Treasury, Secretary of Energy, the director of the Central Intelligence Agency and a bunch of other folks. The president could say, hey, what do you think about X? Like, should we go do this really complex, risky thing? If they want to get recommendations, they can delegate down to their deputies. And if those people want to  and actions and strategies that the president wants to execute. And how much of this is like for discussion purposes, right? So the president or somebody else who's high ranking, they want to better be informed or kind of solicit feedback. They come to the National Security Council. There's a bunch of discussion. There's a bunch of kind of information shared. And then really, it's not an organization. It sounds like that kind of has a vote, right? And it's like, yes, no, and there's an action taken. It's more so information  And then you'll like write up that memo and take it to the president and be like, what do you want to do? A or B. And so in many cases, yeah, there are like big fights that happen. And then in many other cases, you're right. It's just advisory. And the president will ask those members of the cabinet on the national security council, hey, give me some recommendations. How should we proceed here? But it really is up to the president. So each president gets to sort of craft a national security council that they want. And you were specifically focused on cyber for the most part. Yeah.  It's like, what are those conversations like? What are the topics that people cared about? How informed are people on some of these topics? You have to remember that when you're a member of the cabinet, when you're the secretary of defense, when you're the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, in many cases, you may be a subject matter expert in one area, but you're overseeing these organizations that are incredibly complex. And the selection bias for people that end up getting to those types of places is often that they've proven their chops as a subject matter expert, and then they've moved into some kind of management.  They're doing so much from a day-to-day basis that like, and this is what the NSC staff ends up doing. They'll get a two-page briefing memo on the drive over to the White House and they'll read that and then they'll walk into the room and they'll have to have that conversation. And that's why the NSC staff plays a really critical part in many administrations because instead of just bringing people into a room and like the cabinet, the National Security Cabinet, which is also known as the National Security Council, you can imagine they come into a room and someone says,  or went against to the actual National Security Council, the actual cabinet members that advise the president on foreign policy, they have very specific things that they're discussing. Yeah, and what seems so fascinating about this is something like cryptocurrency is probably not very well understood, right? So you need staff members who are doing education. Then they're identifying like, hey, here's all the things we all agree on, right? Like this asset exists, right? This asset is worth X dollars, like, you know, whatever. But then there is obviously the lesser known, the topic, probably the more  So what happened was that the Department of Treasury was debating issuing a rule, a regulation, and something was released. And so the job of the NSC in a situation like that is to circulate amongst the decision makers, hey, here's the piece of paper that this agency is thinking about putting out. And then if other people have equities in that topic, the meeting is where they can air those concerns.  that the Department of Treasury was considering. And so that's what an NSC process looks like. You have a department that's thinking about doing something that's well within their sort of legal remit to do issue regulations. That's what these departments and agencies do. But then when it runs into potential conflicts with other departments and agencies, the NSC basically acts as that traffic cop and is like, okay, you want to do X. This other department has a concern about Y. So how are we going to sort of find either some  narrative-driven world to something that is more kind of mathematically based, something that is much more focused on incentive systems and coordination and governance in a decentralized manner. And so from a narrative-driven world, it really feels like small groups of people, right, is kind of the first example. Two is heavy, heavy credentialism, right, of I went to a certain school, I worked at a certain place, I've got a certain level of wealth, I've got a certain position within the government, et cetera.  technologies, whether it's Bitcoin or Ethereum or other things like that, or bit networks that can allow people to enjoy some of the tools that we've come to expect from the Internet in a decentralized way. I think that this is the direction. This is just from my experience where where things are going. And the reason is because they're more resilient. I think that they allow people to see the benefits of their efforts. And so with  One in an investment bank or a private equity firm or something like that. One in a big newspaper and then another on a radio station. And certainly there are some people in New York City that are able to do things like that, but the internet allows you to do it much more. And so the past 20 or 30 years, and I'm really preaching to the choir here, I know, but the past 20 or 30 years saw people build platforms that allowed people like you to some extent, people like me,  all the answers, right? And I think that the internet, as you've described, has kind of exposed some of that of your hero is still human, right? They still put their pants on one leg at a time, like the whole nine yards. But also, I think that there's been a number of events from the war on terror to the global financial crisis to the pandemic and plenty in between where people just lose a little bit of trust, right? A little bit of faith. And it's not always something  evolve over time. I think it's sort of a yes and kind of a scenario. You're still going to have the importance of people going to these, in many cases, great schools, great organizations. Think about it from the perspective of the Facebook PM, right? Like, you know, when I was back in Silicon Valley in startup world, being a Facebook PM meant that you'd gone through, you know, a little bit of formal training and then a lot of on the job rigor. And it meant that  that this person must be a rock star. And so I think that you're gonna have those two kinds of worlds, but as those pies get bigger, there are gonna be folks that aren't Facebook PMs, but they're going to have built themselves some massive audience, or they're gonna have a reputation that's derived because you can look at their commits on GitHub, you can see contributions they've made on Stack Overflow, and you're gonna be like, wow, this person's a legit developer, they really know CPMs,  that I think we're really seeing the growth of. Yeah. When you start to think about the impact on the centralized entities, right? There's some things like, let's say a company or a business, right? I think we've now seen decentralized versions, remote work in some way is it's still a centralized company. There's still a CEO from a structure, but you're decentralizing the actual physical presence, right? And so we're getting some of the degradation again. But what about like the government, right? In terms of is there a decentralization?  over the past 18 months, where as government workers have been asked to stay home and not come into the office, I've seen folks have come and told me about, oh, X got much more efficient. And then in many cases, oh, it's no longer that efficient. And I think that what we're gonna end up seeing and just given my experience in the military and then on NSC, I think it'll take a while. But as we have more tools that allow folks to understand like what  authority organizations. Some of his demographics, younger people always have just kind of thumbed their nose at some sort of authority, whether it was a parents or a school or something else. But it does feel like there's a societal shift underway here, right? Where many of the organizations that we used to put incredible credence in what they said and what they did now, maybe they're still important, but they're just not as important. And the trend is not working in their favor. Is that your read on this? Yeah, I think that one of the most important things that we're  as real that will allow people to essentially build their own models on top of models, both in their own mind and then maybe models out in the digital world. And they can say, look, we can all agree on some set of facts. Maybe we don't agree on the conclusions that we draw from them, but we can agree on a set of facts. I think the more we can drive organizations towards creating immutable facts, I shouldn't even say creating, recognizing, publishing immutable facts that allow people to then think about those and come to judgment on those.  you get Bitcoin back rather than cash back or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too when you go to blockfi.com slash pump again, blockfi.com slash pump, go check it out and let me know what you think. All right, let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it. One of the areas that the national security council is probably thinking about a lot right now is this whole idea of like ransomware and central points of failure. And as we get into more and more of a decentralized world, I think that some of these will go away,  There are famous ransomware attacks that have happened in the past four or five years. But core of what happens is like, hey, I can no longer log into my computer. And then the attacker that did that sends me an email and says, hey, if you want access to this, you have to pay a ransom. And so we've seen this all over the world. There's a famous attack in 2017, not Petya and WannaCry. These are two massive campaigns that were undertaken that led to the attack.  actually, even if you paid the ransom, didn't unlock those machines. It's really challenging because again, you're dealing with an anonymous internet based malicious actor and you don't even know what their purpose is. Some of these ransomware attacks that have spread around the world have been targeted very narrowly, but then they've spread all over the world, you know, possibly, you know, by mistake or maybe it wasn't intended to do so. But, you know, in many cases, these things are uncontrollable. I mean, they're digital  around for a while. And I think what we're seeing now is it is expanding in terms of the scope. And so what it used to be was, hey, maybe someone would lock you out of a computer or maybe they'd lock you out of a network or something like that. But over the past really 30 years, we've started to put computers into industrial control systems. So you mentioned a few big industrial systems like Tampa Bay Water Treatment Facility, a series of  There was an actual attempt and that was not ransomware, by the way, but there was an attempt to dial in over the Internet and change some of the operating parameters of that water treatment facility. And so on the ransomware side, what you have is people that are dialing into computers, locking a user out. And then in this other situation in Tampa, you have a malicious actor trying to log into that system and change the operating parameters. Now, I think that in some way, some of these trends are going to converge.  meet processing facility and that actual equipment that's processing the meat all of a sudden doesn't operate, like that's a real problem. Yeah. So it's almost like getting into the CEO's computer. Maybe you can get some ransom or whatever. But if all of a sudden you should own the operations of the business and essentially what you're trying to do is you're trying to get to the most critical piece of infrastructure. And if you take that out, then all of a sudden you got everyone's attention. Exactly. And not only is it a problem in the short term, but that equation  Is it pretty easy to track down where it goes from there? Is there a way to basically use that to like catch who these people are? Do they usually not get caught? Like kind of what's the maybe like the law enforcement angle of this? I mean, that's a really interesting part, which is that, you know, the many of these currencies, Bitcoin, especially the the chain is, you know, people can see who owns what coins. And so, yeah, in many cases, they are asking for Bitcoin. And while I can't get into how long Bitcoin is,  or a water facility for a water company, but they also are like the electrical grid in a major city, right? Like it seems like that's a pretty similar type of thing. And if all of a sudden you can take over the electrical grid and check out electricity in the city, like maybe mass chaos doesn't happen immediately, but you know, you only have to go a couple of hours, if not a day or two, and you're gonna have mass chaos. Yeah, it's a big issue. And there are a lot, there's a lot of attention to this.  like the most important? Is it nuclear reactor, energy plants? And some of this you may not be able to talk about, but just like what types of things are the really big things that everyone knows that's in this world? Like, hey, we gotta protect A, B, and C. There's a lot of important stuff out there and a lot of it's connected to the internet. And so I think that one way to sort of judge this is you look to see where the government is spending time trying to buy down  of which there are many as like officially defined by government, government documents. So energy is one, like what are some of the energy is one you can think of chemicals as well as like the chemical industry. Then you could think of like pipelines, you could think about transportation, but yeah, there's a ton, right? I mean, think about it. Everyday life, like if you had to unpack, if you had to unpack everything that you do on a day to day basis and ask,  and  not only people are thinking about today, but are gonna be challenges tomorrow. Yeah, it's fascinating when you start to think of just like, what are the things connected to the internet that we would not want to be affected? Yeah, it's a lot. All right, I wanna talk about kind of how we fix some of these problems, both short-term and long-term solutions. To do that, maybe let's talk about this Tampa situation. There's a water treatment facility  the private industry puts out. A lot of it has to do with like how you protect and segment those types of systems, how you conduct maintenance on them, like are you updating them regularly, how are you attaching new computers into the networks that are governing those systems. Honestly, and you'll know this from your time in the military and from my time in the military as well, like the basics get you very far. And this is not new. My predecessors said this, my success  the low hanging fruit and you can protect yourself against those sort of like drive by types of attacks. I think first of all, obviously you have to go and protect these types of systems by using best practices. And then as you move up that chain, like once you've done the basics, you can start to do more elaborate things. You can monitor the networks, monitor the endpoints. You can start to think about looking at the standard behavior of like that water treatment equipment.  to use big machine learning algorithms and they're just going to start to figure out like what is normal behavior look like? What is abnormal behavior look like? And that's where we're going. So, you know, you have a very almost manual environment today. And I don't mean manual because there are, there is a lot of digital instrumentation. Many of the companies that make this equipment, you know, Siemens, Rockwell, ABB, General Electric, I mean, they're highly digitized. But the point is that in many cases,  a lot of the nuance and the things that are probably the most valuable are not very obvious to those who don't understand the problems, don't understand kind of how kind of complex these control systems are, right? Something as simple as just, hey, we should monitor. And if it goes without outside of some band, like let us know. Okay. Makes sense. When you start getting into the actual like pH levels of the water, right? Super complex, super nuanced. And so I guess, is it the belief that like you're going to get vertical specific type solutions, right? So like somebody's going to go build  for specific industries. In fact, it's happening now. And then over time, you're going to have people build out that additional layer of software that's going to essentially be much more of a Swiss army knife and even that's happening now. Got it. What's up about Bitcoin before we stop? I expected this. Yeah. What are your thoughts on Bitcoin in general? Let's just start there. And this is you personally, this is not anywhere you've worked or anything. Yep. I'm a big believer in decentralized systems.  When you think about that asset, and let's say that it's gonna coexist with a bunch of other assets, is there a national security component to this of embracing it or not embracing it? Is there an economic, is there some sort of societal implication that really kind of interests you? Or do you think it's just the complexity of all these different disciplines and that's really where your interest lies? My thesis is a lot around  We saw a country literally say, yeah, El Salvador say that they were going to, I think, consider that there's a law that they're going to try and pass. But, you know, I think more that's going to start happening, especially as, you know, we've seen a lot of central banks deal with the past few years with monetary policies that like average folks may not have really understood. But maybe if they knew and some do, maybe they don't agree with it and they're going to vote with their pocketbooks. I forget what the quote is.  back in college on, um, on, uh, the Indian subcontinent and, uh, like the 18th century and the British and, uh, same story. You had small principalities that were devaluing their currency and it caused a lot of upheaval on the Indian subcontinent. And there, there are precedents throughout history where these types of things have happened. And I just think that, you know, uh, something that we have to pay attention to.  and then went and said, wait a minute, you're buying up stock. And you start to print more and more stock certificates, right? Like physically print them to then dilute the adversarial action of somebody buying up a stock, trying to get any controlling stake. And I think about that happened all the time until investors got smart and said, wait a second, we're gonna create an anti-dilution clause. You cannot kind of maliciously dilute me without these products  you know, just don't allow for it. Right. Yeah. I think this just goes back to a comment that I made earlier, which is like, what can we do? What can organizations of authority do? And it's like, publish clear sets of facts, let people decide. And so again, okay, we're conducting our lives denominated in US dollars. And, you know, people aren't thinking about that. And as they start to realize that that's what they're doing, I think  I think one of the pieces that we don't think a lot about, right, you have experience that most of us don't, which is how do those centralized entities that it's nearly impossible to see a government, for example, becoming decentralized, right? How do they navigate this world? And some of it may just be there at a level where it doesn't matter, right? I always joke and say higher education, probably in trouble, right? From a long, you know, trend perspective, Ivy League schools,  power paradigm that we've lived with for humanities, lived with for thousands of years. And so on some level, there is a need, right? There's, you know, collective defense. There's the propagation of law and order. And so as I think about like what the future of these types of power structures looks and feels like, you know, I think to some like great sci-fi authors that that have been talking about these types of things for years, Neil Stevenson,  Is there like one or two things that you're like, Hey, when this happens, that'll be really big or something that you're specifically kind of watching? Yeah. On the security side, uh, biology Srinivasan put out a really interesting tweet storm a few days ago, talking about the future of security, talking about, uh, bug bounties and, and things like that. And just in his, as an example, a bunch of friends and I have a small little like a group chat that we,  what we can actually do from a security perspective because right now a lot of security technology relies on a lot of information flowing across a system. And it was this moment where I think, at least in this little chat, a bunch of us and there's some crypto people in there, there's some security people, some venture people in there. And my reaction, I put this in the chat, is that this must be what it felt like 20 years ago when people were looking at the internet.