 All right, guys, bang, bang. Got Fred here. Thank you so much for doing this. Thank you. Great to be here. Absolutely. Let's just get started with Marathon and kind of your background. So Marathon is one of the largest Bitcoin miners in North America. What did you do before you were on the board and then became the CEO? So 25 plus years running technology companies across a variety of sectors. FinTech was a big one. Matter of fact, my first programming job was at a bank.  I joined the board in 2018 really that help him with kind of this transition to Bitcoin mining and blockchain. I've always been fascinated by blockchain. I think it's a great leveler. If you look at kind of how the internet developed and brought kind of the democratization of information, I think people exposing data on the blockchain is going to change how businesses operate. You can imagine companies like Salesforce who effectively hold your CRM data hostage. If all that data were on the blockchain, not only could you use Salesforce to  into more of an operating role at Marathon. And I think now is the time where you'll see the miners become more professional companies. You know, we're real enterprises. If you just look at the build out plans, most of us have, you know, we'll be billion dollar revenue companies within the next year and a half to two years. And those become big companies and they need to be run in a proper way with good governance. Give us an overview of Marathon in terms of just staff revenue kind of footprint globally or in North America.  very well capitalized company. We have no debt, close to a little over $400 million of liquid assets today. And we're very focused on just building out our production. So we'll be at about a little over 10 X of hash rate and come Q1 of next year. We're a little over just hitting two right now. So I think, you know, the growth rate is happening nicely. We're seeing great production of Bitcoin in our pool, which has been great. And we're not kind of cross this threshold where we're producing over 10 Bitcoin a day.  There's basically three main topics, I think, that everyone's talking about marathon. And I always caveat these conversations with the following. One, most people immediately jump to conclusions before hearing the other side of the story. Two is that when there's controversy, people always think that it's negative impact on a business. So I look at Robinhood, right? Everyone was like, drop Robinhood. And everyone was yelling and screaming about GameStop and then the halting of trading of stocks. User acquisition for them went up more than ever.  around separating or creating premium for maybe a country that it's mined in or a specific energy mix that it's used to mine the Bitcoin. What's happened so far for you guys from this perspective? Like where are you guys going or how do you think about this moving forward? Sure, great question. So we listen to two audiences, the Bitcoin community and the institutional investor community being a public company. The institutional investors, when asked, do you want a Bitcoin that is green?  institutions that the Bitcoin we buy are sustainably mined and that they're you know, fully effect compliant But if they're not willing to pay for that, there's no reason to do it. And so we then reversed our stance And quite publicly on Memorial Day weekend, you know, I put out a video saying, you know, we're going back to the vanilla node we're gonna develop and mine Bitcoin just like everybody else the exact same Bitcoin no different and Yes, we hold all our Bitcoin on our balance sheet and you know We're somebody to come along and say I'll pay you extra for Bitcoin that  What are our commitments? We've already made a commitment that our next deployment of 70,000 miners will be fully carbon neutral and will take the existing fleet that we have, make that carbon neutral over the course of next year. There will be 100% carbon neutral and will be tracked and held accountable to that by the public markets over the course of the next year. And then I think it's really going to be a question of how the market develops with what sort of financial instruments people develop. A fund, for example,  So if you're demanding ESG Bitcoin, which frankly isn't a thing, right? It's almost saying, Hey, I have a Bitcoin and like, where did it come from? Where was it sourced from? Right? To some degree. Uh, but it's acknowledging that all the Bitcoin is the same. It's just the, the production process is different. Um, but I'm not willing to pay more for it. It means that actually they don't put more value on it. It's pure virtue statement. Right. And then I think the second piece is when you get to like the OFAC compliance stuff, right? Uh, the Bitcoin community believes, well, the whole point of Bitcoin,  Financial products or like like how does this play out in terms of we've been able to decipher like don't listen to what they say watch what they do with their money But does that necessarily mean that they won't go after this or do you think that this is only gonna get louder is gonna become more of Kind of a mainstream conversation. I think part of it is very much virtue signaling by the institutions because they're Activist investors are holding them to the to that mandate So I think it's not gonna blow over and just the conversation will continue to be there  mitigate the impact you're having on the climate from that perspective in the environment. However, you know, Bitcoin miners and the industry plays a key role for power because we enable a renewable wind farm or solar farm to get into business and provide base load for us and then build out their power distribution network. You know, the biggest problem in power today is not that there isn't enough of it that's green. It's it can't get to the right places. And that's a grid and distribution issue.  incentive for renewable energy R&D at this point. Absolutely. It's just the financial incentive to get the cheapest power is literally, as you stated, you guys are mining 10 Bitcoin a day. That's almost a quarter or half a million bucks a day of revenue for just you, right? Not the whole industry. And so you just kind of keep going through it. I think today, you know, 35, $40 million a day in mining rewards around the world. And that's only going to continue to appreciate like there's nothing else that  and  if I want more users, then I need more energy, more transactions, I need more energy. Bitcoin, not necessarily, right? In terms of just the ability to stuff tons of economic value into a single block and increase the economic value, but not necessarily increase that energy consumption. And so a lot of the analysis that's done in terms of, you know, Bitcoin is going to do whatever in the future. It's just built off a premise that they just don't understand that one simple fact. Talk a little bit about geographic distribution, the mining industry, right? You guys are all focused within North America.  dropping below 50 percent of the global hash rate in North America grows. I think you're going to find that you'll have kind of a 30, 40 percent in Asia, 30, 40 percent in North America, and then the balance in Europe and other ROW, so to say. There's some great opportunities for Bitcoin mining in the Middle East, for example. Imagine the solar power capability. So, you know, Bitcoin can be mined anywhere you can get renewable energy. You don't need infrastructure. That's the beauty of the industry. And so I think you're going to see a pretty good decentralization going forward.  Economics is a bit like water running downhill. It'll always find its way downhill. Right. And the Bitcoin market, you know, when you think about any time friction is introduced into the market, it moves around it somehow. And so I think, you know, there's always going to be the search for the cheapest power. There's always going to be the search for highest efficiency. And the market is just going to continue to develop and get better and better, more mature. And people are going to get just more used to dealing with these very decentralized businesses that are created on the blockchain. So I'm super excited about  really important thing. I think it's undersold because one of the key developments on the Ethereum platform is smart contracts. It lets you do these DeFi businesses. It lets you really take Bitcoin and the blockchain to the next level. So between what people like Stax are doing and other companies, Taproot is really going to enable the ability to do the smart contract and the ability to have a contract that is gradually exposed as it's executed, which I think is a key part of that. It also allows for multi-sig.  of winning a block. Got it.  company, right? And from the philosophy behind it to the team to the business you're actually in the revenue driven holding Bitcoin on the balance sheet, converting your cash into Bitcoin. Like, I mean, literally you go and check all the boxes. And then this ESG thing pops up. Oh, fact and taproot. And it feels like almost overnight the Bitcoin community went from like, that's awesome to like, you know, I mean, literally fuck marathon, right? And like, just like dump the stock and like absolute, uh, I say only Bitcoin community can do like the chaos, you know, by flipping a switch.  who do we really want to support? What do we think they want? Not unlike any company that's a startup, right? You know, you make your assumptions about what your clients are going to want. Um, when push came to shove, we realized they weren't willing to pay as we were talking about before for that value. And the community was very vocal. And, uh, I'm a big believer that in these decentralized networks, you really have to do what's right for the community because they do have a loud voice and it's important to listen to that voice because we all know  path or do you think that the community kind of trumps revenue? Right. And it's a weird question because you get into this, like revenue is the point of a capitalistic, you know, for profit business is literally to get profit. Uh, but then there's like the community aspect to it, which isn't necessarily revenue driving, but could be beneficial or hurt the business as well. And so what's the trade off there, I guess, or the framework to decide. So I think one of the key aspects most people don't think about, um, is that, uh, there isn't an infinite supply of the coin.  only Virgin Coin. And here are the terms and conditions and we'll pay you this much more. Miners will then make the economic decision themselves as to what they're going to do. But I think still, unlike the oil and gold industry where you can decide to turn on or turn off your reserves and grow volume that way, we don't have that luxury in the Bitcoin industry. We can only buy more hardware. And then what a lot of people don't realize is there's a lot of luck in mining Bitcoin. It's not just you're going to  to develop in this industry around essentially doing derivatives based on hash rate. So that I can decide to buy a couple of terra hash on the open market, almost like you do energy credits. I think we're going to start seeing that develop and that's going to create a whole different asset class for institutional investors because now you can actually invest in the Bitcoin ecosystem and do arbitrage on derivatives that way, which I think is going to be really exciting as more and more financial products around that come out.  Or did you hear kind of similar feedback across the entire ecosystem? We got similar feedback across the ecosystem our peers in the industry looked at us and said, you know You guys aren't really playing but the good of the community got it Yeah, and it's interesting to kind of think through there because I think that some of that is Unknown, right? Like how do other miners feel about this? And and I guess another piece of the analysis would be if all of a sudden, you know an institution can't be say we'll pay you 10% more for that Bitcoin How many of them would have called you up and said hey, what's the criteria right like?  So preface I wasn't actually on the call. Okay, our chairman America Okamoto was on the call but going into it what we really wanted to do was Really work with Elon to help him understand kind of what we're doing He put out a tweet that showed the carbon footprint If it was all based on coal, etc, etc of what was happening with power consumption and so we really want a address that with him let him know kind of what we're doing and that we are much greener than you know, he  that will benefit every single consumer in North America and around the world and the Bitcoin mining industry could fund a lot of that because it's helpful to what we're doing. So I would love to collaborate with them and any other technology providers in that space. Yeah. I forget who said it, but somebody said the use of the word council, right? Was probably too, uh, not thought out enough, right? And like maybe association would have given a different, uh, inclination to it. And so let's hold that constant of like, forget nomenclature for a second.  So the goal is really to provide a forum, if you would, for any miner to basically come and learn and also for us all to educate the marketplace, not just the regulators, but also the general marketplace about what we're doing. And so part of that is going to be publishing commitments. Here's what we intend to do over the next year. We've publicly said that our next deployment will be fully carbon neutral and we'll achieve full carbon neutral over our whole fleet by the end of next year.  You know, the good thing about this industry is every Bitcoin is the same. We don't control the price. The market controls the price. So there's no product differentiation. There's no pricing differentiation. So it's really operational excellence. And it feels like a big differentiation here is that as far as I understood from what I've read and people I've talked to, there's no like, hey, we're going to come together and make decisions, right? It's more so we're going to come together. And what we're going to do is we're going to agree from a publishing standpoint, like what kind  Like 2017? Yes. You guys are basically doing the former, right? It's like, we have all this data. We understand our energy mix. We understand, you know, so much of what each other's doing. Like we should all come out and say it because it's going to be overall good for the industry. And so looking forward, you're publicly traded company. There's not too, too much you can say, but how do you see maybe like the mining industry in North America evolving? It sounds like you think more hash rates going to come into North America. It's going to get greener and Bitcoin kind of continues to do its thing.  create is big and it's important that we are good stewards of that. Um, and we're, we have to be good stewards of our shareholders capital. And so as fiduciaries, you know, public companies have different responsibility than private companies in that, um, we have a broader shareholder base, different interests. And it's really important for us that we provide our shareholders with great exposure to Bitcoin and help develop the market, but also provide a really great return on their investment. What's the thing that you're most looking forward to moving forward? Oh, there's like a specific mile  to the internet analogy. Late 90s, you had to buy Unix servers and write custom software to set up a website, and it was a multi, multi-million dollar exercise. Today, you want to sell online, you go set up a Shopify store. It's super easy. And so I think the Bitcoin industry is moving there. The faster it moves there, the better. And I think we're still in that kind of honeymoon period with a lot of these startups in the DeFi world, where the concepts aren't fully  categorization. Yeah, I think a better way to say it maybe is, hey, we listened, right? We reacted and we want to maintain a dialogue. Keep talking to us. You know, I understand that if when you're not happy, you want to complain, but you know, personal attacks don't help necessarily. Let's have a dialogue. You know, we have said to a number of influencers in the industry, hey, listen, you know, we're more than happy to have a group of people sit down and  community, make Bitcoin, everything it can be. And there's just so much still to be done in this industry. And, uh, you know, I think there's just a lot of people who want to do it. And if we all work together, I think we're going to get there much faster. I couldn't agree more. I listen, uh, a sign of intelligence is changing your mind, right? Like that, like, that's not a bad thing, right? It's actually a very good thing. And I think that, uh, the world could probably benefit from people doing that more often, right? Listening to folks, getting more information, changing their mind. Uh, and, uh, I think you guys are serving as a great example.  questions is good talk too. Great, thank you very much. Appreciate it. Of course.