 I'm not sure.  So, you know, to the horror of my parents and, you know, the church community here, I have in New York City at the beginning of the bottle service era, models and bottles, as it later became called. And so what you basically are like walking around New York City trying to meet like rich people who like to party or beautiful girls and then get them to come to a club. Yeah, basically. OK. And if you can put those two things together, you know, you also need the right DJ, the theme. You need to make it interesting. You need to be at the right club.  to just charge everybody afterwards. So that was 10 years and look, I was chasing all the markers of success, the car, the watch, the model girlfriends, the flying on somebody's private plane to Paris and Milan and Blisios, Brazil. I mean, just, it was the whole lifestyle. And- Was it fun? Yeah, it was, but it was almost like the frog and water getting boiled. So it started with smoking and then it was two packs of tea.  brought up with. So I had this moment at 28. I was in Punta de Lesta, partying in South America. We'd rented this compound. My girlfriend was in the cover of a fashion magazine. We had a yacht that came with the compound, people serving us. And I'm like, this is not how I want my life to be. It was like a game of musical chairs. And the music stopped. And for the first time, there was nowhere to sit. And I came back to New York City. I said, I'm the worst person I know. I'm spiritually bankrupt.  Exactly. Exactly. So, you know, you can imagine, you know, I'm 28. I'm applying to Doctors Without Borders, the Red Cross, Save the Children. You know, these organizations I've tangentially heard of and no one will take me. Of course, I'm denied by 10 groups. And then finally, one organization says if I'm willing to pay them $500 a month and go live in post-war Liberia, then I can join them. So I'm like, this is it. It's opposite. I'm going to pay to volunteer and I'm going to the poorest country in the world at that time.  dirty water before. We were joking earlier, you know, I sell vase for $10 a bottle in clubs and people wouldn't even open the water. They would just order 10 bottles, let it sit there and drink champagne instead. So I learned that, you know, half the 50% of the people living in the country were drinking disgusting, dirty, contaminated water and 50% of the disease in the country was because of bad water. So I wound up finishing a year turning it into two years. And at the end of two years, I was like, I have to do something about it.  first thing you do when you come back and you're like, I'm going to go try to solve this. That's a really, really big goal. Yeah. So I had that. So there was something about having the pictures. I'd taken 50,000 photos. So my, my role on that, um, it was actually a hospital ship. My role was as a photojournalist. So I was paying 500 hours a month to take pictures and write stories of the impactful work these humanitarians were doing. So I came back and I would go out to the clubs at first and I would open up a laptop and I would make like six or seven presentations a night.  didn't trust charities. They were cynical, they were skeptical, they believed charities were opaque and not transparent. They said, well, where's my money actually going? How much would you even get to the people that are suffering? And I thought, wow, this is a huge opportunity for a paradigm shift for a new business model. What if a charity could reach out to all these skeptics and cynics and say, we're gonna do things completely different and encourage them to do things  was very unique at the time. That then kind of led to this realization that with non-fungible business models or two separate accounts, we could use technology to track where donations went. So we were the first charity just to geolocate all of our wells. So I could say to you, here is exactly where your donation went. Here's a satellite image of your well in Malawi or in Ethiopia or in Guatemala.  700 people to come. I gave them open bar for an hour. And then on the way in there was this giant plexi cube and you had to donate $20 to walk in the club. And we collected 15,000 in cash that night. We immediately took it to a refugee camp. We did our first wells. And then we sent the photo and video proof to the 700 people. And we said, you came to a party. You may not even remember coming to the party, but you did. And you gave $20 and your money helped these communities.  I said it perfectly. This is not a... I remember having to speak after the head of a cancer charity once. It was a big conference, 10,000 people. And he walks out on stage and he says, how many people here have had cancer? And some hands go up. And he said, okay, how about a family member? More hands up. How about a friend or a loved one? The entire audience. And then he starts his speech. Right? It's not true for dirty water. I mean, how many people have had to drink dirty water or walk eight hours  technology, like 10% of the world is drinking dirty water. 10% of the world doesn't have the most basic needs. It's just not something people think about. You know, we take water for granted. We take our long showers and we have water and bottles for convenience. And so that's been that was really the second thing that we had to do was create these campaigns, these awareness moments. We created PSAs where New Yorkers would go to Central Park Pond. Actually, Jennifer Connolly was in our first PSA and I convinced Terry George from Hotel Rwanda  edgy awareness building You know initiatives that then started to get people to think about water a lot of the donors are In the technology community, right? So investors entrepreneurs people who work at tech companies, etc How did you get that subset of people interested in this? Was it just like one or two folks and then they kind of brought their whole email? Okay first one I had come across a guy named Michael birch who had just sold bibo to AOL  And I had this moment where I had $881,000 in the bank account that I couldn't touch, right? That was going to go out and build 80 wells and two weeks of payroll. And, you know, the advice I was getting from everyone at the time was go borrow against the 880. You'll pay it back later. You got to pay your people. You have to make payroll. And I was like, no, I will shut the charity down and send the 880 grand out. Like if we borrow one penny, we have betrayed the trust of the public like this.  intros. Then I remember speaking at Twitter when there were 48 employees, the very beginning of the company. We were the first charity on Instagram, day one. I remember speaking at Facebook's old University Avenue campus. So it was it was the early age of social media. And I just believe that for us to succeed at our movement, we would have to grow it online. And we were early there. So we were the first charity to get a million Twitter followers at the time and  Then these two different value propositions kind of began to maybe solidify the public, which is now well over a million donors from 150 countries, loved knowing that 100% of their money would go. And then business leaders and entrepreneurs loved building the thing and knowing that they were kind of the backers, the builders, they were paying the staff and the people. But you have to do these things in perfect balance, and that was the challenge. Too much money in the overhead set account, then you're not efficient. And too much money in the water account, if you missed that,  2014 he's handing out bitcoins to people 2014 he came to a gala and I remember we raised a couple million dollars at night and he wanted to pay his gala pledge in Bitcoin and his gala pledge was 1500 bucks So you do them? I think the math was three hundred and twelve dollars a coin. Yeah, so all 569 bit well, maybe just a little bit of context So when charities take donations of any kind the best practice is you immediately sell whatever you were given to put it to charitable use, right? So if you gave me a hundred thousand dollars of  to 35 million. So we helped 100,000 people with all that Bitcoin, but we could have helped 600 to 900,000 people. So that's really, that's where this kind of idea. So 500 Bitcoin that you sold for four to $5 million. 4.4 million dollars, exactly. 4.4 million, but it could have been 25 to 35 million if you had held to more in the future, potentially. Yeah.  never going to take in any substantial amount of Bitcoin for philanthropic use if we follow this best practice. Because people don't want to give you the Bitcoin then have you sell the Bitcoin into cash because their whole thought process is that over time. There's a universal, at least I believe I've experienced and again, this isn't my core business. I'm running a, at the moment, like a hundred million dollar a year annual charity that's trying to help 2 million people a year, but everybody  that would hodl Bitcoin for a period of time. And we basically said, okay, at least one full cycle. 2025, we're not gonna touch it. We're not gonna sell it until at least 2025. So give it to us now, take the tax benefit now, right? Because if you, I mean, as you know, so many people, I don't even think they think about it, but if they sell, they're gonna have to pay huge capital gains on all of it. So we say, donate it to us. We will allow it to appreciate, we're gonna sit on it till at least 2025,  do one? Will you do one? Then I said, all right, well then I wonder if I can get a match behind it. So can we turn one Bitcoin now into two Bitcoin and then we hold both in the future? And then so this started to work and people started saying, yes, I guess, you know, a lot of the whales. But the whole idea behind this, just so people are clear, is the Bitcoin Water Trust is part of Charity Water and folks are donating in Bitcoin. Yep. They can donate in dollars or anything else and you'll turn it into Bitcoin. At the moment we're working on  Right. Now we could look stupid. So there is a risk. This is a little bit of a swing, right? If we're wrong and all the Bitcoin we collect today that could have helped people immediately get clean water depreciates over time, then we have helped less people get clean water. And that's why charities never do this. Because like, who are we to, you know, to take any sort of position on anything? So, you know, maybe just one last thing just to jump back on the story. So I've been at this for 14 years now from that first party.  over the last 14 years or really the impact that we're able to make. So we have helped 12.7 million people get clean water. Okay. So listen, it's about a square garden, 700 times. Okay. So it is 700 back to back sold out shows at the garden. It's a lot of people, but you put it against the problem I'm trying to solve. It's one 65th. So I've done one 65th. I'm 46 years old now, bro. Like I want to solve more than 1.6% of the global problem.  where because of this strategy people are willing to give it both big and small. We had someone's giving us 50 Bitcoin. Actually Tyler and Cameron are matching the Winklevosses are matching the first 50 Bitcoin of this fund. So I think there's there's an opportunity for people to you know to give it a significant way. And then I want people to be able to give 15 bucks worth of Bitcoin 60 worth of Bitcoin you know one hundred and forty dollars. And we're one of the other things that you and I were talking about and you were helpful.  in, hold Bitcoin, and then five years from now or more, when you go to build that well that previously cost $10,000, now you spend a tenth of a Bitcoin, right? Or whatever it is. You can build 10 wells. Yes. And when you do that, what you're actually able to do is you're able to use a global currency to accept, hold, and spend and do it across all these different countries. But what you're really benefiting from is the appreciation  you know, like if you give me one Bitcoin today, thank you, you very generously joined the founding group, but if I took your Bitcoin today and I sold it, I can give three communities clean water. That's a lot, and that's significant. And I'm already doing that. You know, people can do that if they want to. They say, no, actually I've got a lot of Bitcoin and I want to help people now. We'll still allow people to do that. But I really believe in the future, you know, it could be 30 communities with that same Bitcoin. And, you know, would I rather help, you know, 30 communities or 10 communities  It only takes a minute to get started. With the new Kraken app, you'll have your portfolio in your pocket. You can track your portfolio, see who the winners and losers are every day, track your favorite project, or just simply look at the trading volume for your favorite assets. It is all the features you need without any of the complexity. It's simply the best place to buy and sell cryptocurrencies.  that game on anyone in the world who's listening to this or watching this on the internet that feels compelled from literally, you know, .001 Bitcoin all the way up to 100 Bitcoin. And we built a leaderboard. I think we're showing it at .0005 or something. Okay. So you get on the leaderboard. If you give .005 it's on the website. It's about 20 bucks. All right. And so anyone in the world can participate here. And the idea is to get Bitcoin or dollars converted into Bitcoin.  all paid in Bitcoin.  $1,000 Bitcoin and million dollar price point a billion dollar Bitcoin water trust that helped 20 million humans 20 million on top of the 12 and change that you've already helped plus what you'll do in the next five years you'll be somewhere around 40 50 million people right? Yeah, it's incredible. That's the goal. That's a dent. That's a bigger debt. It's a bigger swing listen There's always the pessimist who says oh, but you're only helping 40 million 50 million of the 700 million and then there's the optimist like me who says  Yeah, and I won 5,000 to go to 6,000 and 9,000 and 15,000 and 20,000. When you think about where this puts charity water moving forward, is there a world where like if this works, you then go to like all Bitcoin or you go dollars in Bitcoin or like you just say, hey, we just want to do it the one time and the one Bitcoin water trust or like, is it too early to kind of understand what the pathways there are? I mean, listen, getting a bunch of people this far has not been trivial. I know.  to  and the people served in Bitcoin, not in dollars. I think you're on to something. For those that are listening, how can they go figure out if they want to donate? Where do they go? Sure. Well, just charitywater.org slash Bitcoin. So we made that simple. Charitywater.org slash Bitcoin. People can go literally just connect the wallets and you can donate with a tax receipt or anonymously or suit anonymously. So you can use your real name. You can make up a name.  every once in a while when I'm sitting in a panel and like I don't know what the heck some of these people are talking about because it's just beyond me. You know you're sitting here and all of the opulence and the you know the open bars and the parties and you're like but 10 percent of the world is drinking dirty water. So I really hope and believe that Bitcoin can be used as a force for good in the world that Bitcoin can directly provide human beings on this planet.  looking at this as a vehicle, maybe not just to grow their incremental core business, but to take a big swing and to go out to a donor. I mean, I've heard from so many of these whales and like, yeah, I don't give to these donor advice funds. They're just going to turn it. So I'm holding it on. I'm holding it all. Well, is that donor going to give to you in five years? Maybe, maybe not. Maybe they've moved on. Maybe they found another passion. Maybe they found another cause. So I think that's, that's what we're trying to do here is both honor the intent and the long-term  If it works, what is today, you know, whatever, be about a hundred million, no, actually it would be what, less than $50 million donated in becomes a billion dollars. It's a pretty big deal. Yeah. Right? You know, it's 40, 50 million bucks that goes in. And then in five years you hand out a billion. Seems to me like that's a pretty good upside downside trade.  And none of those values should go away, but charities need to think big. I mean, we just, we need to get tired of the incremental complacency and these problems are so big. Like we're the largest water charity in the country and I'm going to help 1.7 million people out of 785 this year. That's not enough. It's not enough with all the abundance in the world, with all the capital that is out there. So it's, I think it's up to us to be creative.  You know, we talked on the phone once about kind of having enough. I mean, one of the struggles with this whole project is nobody wants to give up their Bitcoin. So we have to make the issue of human beings getting clean drinking water, Trump, everybody's like, you know, desire just to accumulate more, a little bit more, a little bit more, a little bit more, a little bit more. And I think that's, I don't even know exactly how to do that yet, except telling the story, being as passionate as I can about just helping people, helping people  And the philanthropists of the future, I believe will come from this community. The greatest philanthropists in the future. I think the most radical acts of generosity, maybe even impulsive, and I think that's okay. Sometimes people build these huge foundations and layers and layers of bureaucracy and grant writing. I think there are extraordinary people in this community that can go see a problem and say, not on my watch. I'm gonna solve that.  You know we can we can really make an exponential dent in in the global water crisis I Think you are on to something my friend. Where can we send people to find you on the internet? I'm just Scott Harrison at Scott Harrison on Twitter and storage best place Yeah, what's bigger for you Twitter or Instagram Twitter Twitter all right, and then charity water his family stuff That's a nobody nobody cares about my kids Charity water org slash Bitcoin slash Bitcoin all right if you're listening  Bitcoin, every single fraction of Bitcoin will go straight to help people get access to clean water. Well, I appreciate all the effort and I think Bitcoiners will come through. Cool. Thanks for joining us. You've been a big encouragement and a big help to me. That means a lot. You're doing a great job. All right. Thank you so much for doing this. We'll do it again in the future. See you, man.