 All right guys bang bang I've got Preston here. Thank you so much for doing this. Yeah, absolutely. All right You've been doing the we study billionaires podcast for seven years Let's just start where the name come from because a pretty good name Well, it actually started off with a name just the investors podcast and then we realized it was just too generic it was great for search engine optimization, but it was too generic and We were just like well, you know, we  that just materialized as we realized like you just can't talk about value investing every show. So we need a little bit more breadth. In 2014, 2015, when you guys started, it's pretty early for podcasting still. Like why a podcast and not an email or a blog or some other medium. So I was on a, we were at the Berkshire shareholders meeting and I was just leaving Omaha on a flight and I bumped into  discount cashflow analysis on a, on an equity and trying to determine what the valuation of it is through an IRR. And so like you go from knowing nothing through all of that. And I think there was, uh, I can't even remember maybe like 35 videos, uh, course completely free, put it on YouTube, put it on YouTube, designed a website then that housed all of it and then had additional information underneath the videos. And so I was telling him about this website that I had made that teaches people  getting passive income and he has a podcast, you should listen to it. I said, okay. So I downloaded it before we got on the plane. We, we go on the plane and I'm literally sitting next to him on the plane. No way. Okay. So I need to listen to this guy for some reason. There's too much going on here. Right. And so I downloaded the podcast and I listened to it and I was like, holy hell, this guy is doing this out of his house. Like this is like the barrier to entry here is like nothing. And, um, I just thought it would be kind of like,  And I mean, they're so detailed. He's getting into his opinions on what the valuations are. And so I was like, Hey man, would you be interested? Never met Stig in my life shot him a, uh, you know, an email, would you be interested in just like doing, you know, a conversation like once a week, once a month, whatever we'll record it. And then with an RSS feed, we can just pump out whatever we create. He's like, well, like, you know, English is my second language and it's not in my first language.  And we we garnered a decent sized audience just pumping out these conversations talking about this company that company this great investor that investor and we Eventually, you know turned it into we study billionaires where we were just studying anybody who was an investment guru and how they do it How many think you've done this point? I say that again, how many billionaires do you think you've studied? Oh god, I don't know a hundred fifty Yeah, I would say probably  at a different meeting and they introduced me to Jesse, who's Sarah's husband. And then Jesse and I became friends and then he took me on a hiking excursion. And so like you, it's, we have had, so the answer to your question, yeah, some people have like, we have interacted with, but a lot of the other ones we haven't. And it's just, yeah, it's crazy. Uh, let's say 50, just as an easy number. So you said 50 of the world's most successful, you know, wealthiest people. Yeah.  people say influence them or the people that influence them and then kind of study them. Cause then you can kind of more inherently, you know, understand what it is that drove them. So early on, like with like buffet, like security analysis, the intelligent investor, how to win friends and influence people. Like there's these books that he has said have influenced him in a major way. So we started trying to read those. So the common thread, the first one that I would tell you is they're just,  he's not real popular in the Bitcoin community, but for me, he should be popular. He's a great investor. He's a great investor. He's influenced me deeply in the way I kind of view things optically from how to invest. But I learned very early on, and this is a great example at one of his shareholders meetings, a person asked a question to Warren. He said, how did you pick your predecessors, the people that are going to come and replace you? Like what is the thing that you were looking at? And Warren's response was,  a Bitcoin book because I kind of suspect he hasn't read one. Um, but yeah, that's a enormous part of the success and it's a common thread that you see almost on every one of them is they're just knowledge pigs. Yeah. Do you think that they're reading, um, for the sake of reading or do you think that it's a personal curiosity? It's like, what's the latter? Okay. So like they say, Hey, I want to learn about shampoo. Like you gave the example, they then go and find as many books as they possibly can about the topic and go read that. It's not just, Oh, a friend told me this  I need to read, like I don't put too much credence in the recommendation. But like when somebody who's, who's reading, like Jeff Booth's a perfect example. Like Jeff and I have become very close through doing the podcast and just talking. When Jeff Booth tells me to read a book, I know the filtering process that he has done is tremendous because he does about 50 books a year. Um, and so I, I place a lot of weight in that. So that's something that I think a guy like Buffett and, and others,  I think most have this, you know, at the end of the day, and anytime somebody's achieving something at a very high level, you have to ask yourself why. Why are they so driven that they have to achieve or accomplish that? And typically when you pull the thread back, there's something that early in their life shaped them in a way that maybe like Tony Robbins is a great example. He was broke poor, right? Like couldn't even pay for a meal and was like, that's it. I'm done.  There's stories of him when he was like 14 years old, like running pinball machines in barber shops. And you know, the barbers, he's working deals with the barbers so that he can put it in their shop. Like, Hey, you're going to get a cut of whatever percent if I can put this in your store. He's doing this at like 14, 15 years old. And the barber's like, so who do you work for? Oh, there's a, there's this gentleman that I work for, but no, it wasn't, it was born like he ran. Yeah. So like early on he had this, you know,  not very well off. Um, I do think that I understand that most of the wealth of billionaires and even millionaires, but, but really billionaires, it's not inherited wealth, right? This is value creation and capture, um, in their lifetime. But how much of it is driven by a family either, Hey, I have really loving parents and they're together. And so they provide this great life for me. And then I'm able to go on. Maybe like a Jeff Bezos seems like that's probably his story versus more like the Tony Robbins. Uh, I'm running away from something.  like we really want to focus on the people that actually generated all the product or service that created value to society and how they did it and why they did it and that kind of stuff. But to answer your question, I'd say it's a probably a split. Yeah. What's fascinating to me is I think the story or kind of narrative around wealth specifically in America, but globally is, Oh, most of the people just inherit stuff. And I started to look and the data says the exact opposite. It's like 80%  or do you see, no, these people are drastically different. They just all ended up in the same spot on like a scorecard of wealth. I think when you, when you look at people who have like what I would classify as like mega wealth, which is billion plus, like if you want to grow that and you want to go from a billion to five to 10 and higher, what, what you have to become is an amazing capital alligator. So like buffet Bezos,  after selling his stake, sure, is it anything that's aggressive over a 20 year period of time? Not really. Why do you use that as a measurement? Just because that's a measurement of capital allocation? Well, I think when you compare it to a guy like Buffett, he's dealing with capital that's way bigger than Marx and he's still compounding it at a market rate. The last 10 years have been a little hard. I would argue why I think it's been hard for value investors, which might be an interesting kind of  kind of hit a roadblock and it's harder for them to go through it because they're running into similar dynamics of like, how do I transition from being a great operator to now being a great capital allocator in addition to continuing to be a great operator? And that's not necessarily an easy transition, or at least it isn't from, you know, how I've, the people that I've studied and looked at. The people who are great capital allocators, did most of them start out as operators and then eventually transition? So it is a true transition.  financial becomes very mathematical. You're looking at free cash flows. You're looking at, okay, how's those free cash flows valued versus all the other competitors in that space? Is the discount worth it based on risk-free rates? And so when you start getting into the risk-free rates and you look at why value investors have struggled over the last decade, it's because the cost of capital is being manipulated. And my personal opinion, I think most would agree. It definitely is. When you think about the capital allocation, how much of this is capital allocation  So think about Michael Saylor's amazing example of voting rights. So here's a guy who's been able to retain a majority of the voting rights of his company through decades of operational execution. Right. And now he's at a point where he's looking at the retained earnings of his company and saying, I need to do something with this because I'm getting debased so heavily. And so now I need to become an amazing capital ally.  voting control that you have an opinion in the grand scheme of things. Maybe your idea for how to allocate free cash flows gets completely diminished to the point where you're ineffective. You're still in charge, but strategically you're really not. And so the ones that are able to retain the voting rights I found are the Jeff Bezos. He's been able to control the board really well, even though he doesn't have  have all of the options on the table to choose from. That's right. And the almost evolutionary decision making or the iterative decision making ends up giving you kind of iterative results. Right. So if you, that's right. I'm just going to improve this product a little bit. Okay. Well, maybe you get another 5% a year, but if you actually want to have the outlier returns, you have to make outlier decisions. And I think that there's a disconnect a lot of times where people want outlier returns, but they don't have the courage conviction that the stomach for outlier decision making, right?  company XYZ, let's bolt them onto our existing organization. Let's pay a ridiculous premium to do it. That way I can say that I added 10,000 more employees to the organization, right? And maybe it's going to increase the top line and whatever their bonus is based on as far as financial metrics. And like you're getting away from what is going to provide the most shareholder value and it gets much more polite.  It's no, the best way to raise money is to build a great product, build a great product. Everyone's going to want to give you money. Um, and so it feels a little bit like if you're an employee that's risen through the ranks, you probably risen through the rank cause you're actually good at following directions. You're good at being somewhat valuable, right? Yeah. You, you navigated the politics, all this stuff. And so then when you take over a CEO, again, transitioning, can you go from that person who's used to kind of fitting within the system to then thinking, uh, in kind of the bold bets, thinking about it in a much better kind of sustainable longterm way.  businesses to become huge businesses. And then when that consolidation happens, you're not able to have these entities with voting rights to go out there and make bold calls in any type of large organizations anymore. That's where I think Michael Saylor's micro strategy is such a unicorn of a company is once you get up into a billion plus market cap, it's kind of hard to find people that still retain  on the company's performance because it's such a small allocation. Instead, we got literally the exact opposite where you had a person who's like, I'm going all in. That's it. I'm all in. And you're seeing the stock price follow the price of Bitcoin for good or worse. And you couldn't have gotten a more demonstrative situation for corporate balance sheets. And, you know, in a few years, I'd say within five years, you'll get a demonstration on what  has, let's just keep the numbers generic because we're doing public math. If you've got a billion dollars worth of Bitcoin and you're getting 5% interest, well, all of a sudden you're making $50 million of buying power through lending. And if the company, like MicroStrategy, I want to say their bottom line after taxes anywhere from like 50 to $70 million. So now if he can take his Bitcoin position, which is bigger than a billion, and it can match the income  on the income statement and it's not just going up in value with the assets that he's holding on his balance sheet. So it's incredible to think about, I think he's got a three to $5 billion spending where the price is, right? Bitcoin balance sheet. The company was a billion dollar business in August of last year. Right? So in less than a year, it's now valued, you know, what five, seven billion, whatever the number is on the market cap side. And you start thinking about what business five billion  I mean, I would argue at today's price, you only need probably a 1% allocation to protect whatever retained earnings you have for a company. What do you think about Tesla and the way they did it? Like forget Elon's tweets and all that stuff. Just Tesla's strategy in terms of buying, holding, I think it was like 7% maybe, somewhere in that range, selling a little bit right before earnings, like just what's your kind of analysis of the whole thing?  network, uh, the power wall. I never thought about it from that vantage point. Yeah. And to be fair, uh, if I'm trying to be as intellectually honest as possible, and I don't have it in front of me, so I'll have to go back and look at exactly what the tweets were. There was a time where, uh, I think I tweeted something and I was like, if you said to me, pick the company that is going to be the first to launch their own coin, I said Tesla or Amazon. And my thought process was Tesla would use it within the energy network, right? Like it's like a credit or something, uh,  sense that he wants to know how much liquidity if he needed to get out of it. But yeah, but it would just do it right around the earnings report. And then just come in and blow out earnings. Yeah. No, it's it was, it was, but in short, like the reason I just didn't think that it was going to be him was, you know, I guess I look at my own company, like if my company wasn't making money, like the last thing I'm going to do is go buy a bunch of Bitcoin and then have to sell it as, as I have  I was surprised. And so the thing that's surprised me even more is his energy comments and stuff that he's come out and the bigger block size stuff with Dogecoin. And I'm thinking, now I was talking with Jeff Booth and Lynn about it and Lynn Alden and they're both like, Hey, he's, he's a huge public figure and he's learning in public. And you know, that's, that's pretty much the only thing that I can kind of hang my hat on that makes sense is, is that he's learning  And they come back like, all right, Bitcoin is real, right? Yeah. It's weird when you are the second richest man in the world and you're doing it on Twitter. But yeah, I mean, yeah, I guess that's a pretty good explanation of just say something. Right. Like, I mean, if you think back, how many dumb things did you or I say when we were first starting learning about everything? And someone was like, ah, let me show you this or let me, you know, go read this or whatever. Like, that's how you learn. Yeah. You know, so I read his autobiography. We've studied Elon on the show. And one of the things that sticks out  You know, painful. The memes can get, I mean, people in the Bitcoin space are ruthless on Twitter. If you say anything that's out of whack, right? Or you're just off on, on your comment. And so I think for Elon, maybe, and this is me, you know, psychoanalyzing Elon, Elon Musk, but, um, I think for him, maybe he viewed that as bullying and the whole Dogecoin thing is just a total middle finger to everybody online. And I think he's funny.  He's an interesting one. Um, along with some of these, do you think that they're happy or do you think most of these billionaires are happy or do you think they're just rich and lonely and not happy? You know, uh, so Ray has a quote. He said, um, you can have anything you want, but you can't have everything. And so when I think about, you know, some of these people that I've studied, um, it's become very evident to me that you are sacrificing something and most likely it's your family.  comes at an expense. As an aero guy, you can't do an equation where you've got lift without drag being part of the equation. It's a great way to look at it. And so when you look at it, you have to ask yourself, okay, so what is it that I'm giving up? And so when people, and I think it's important for people to have these accomplishments in their life, I'm not trying to say that people shouldn't try to achieve, but I think when you master  between the two is something that I've personally learned from studying all these people and how you want me to run Tesla and space X and everything else and neural link and all like get the hell out of here. No thanks. Right. Never. Yeah. I want to do that. It's incredible. It's amazing what he's done, but yeah, just at the sacrifice of something else. That's right. What's up guys. Before we continue with this interview, I want to quickly talk about our sponsor Kraken.  in-depth articles and guides on every single asset that they list. So you can get up to speed quickly and make smarter investment decisions. Visit kraken.com slash bang bang to get started today. Again, that's kraken.com slash bang bang. All right, let's get back into this interview. I hope you're enjoying it. Dalio. Uh, you said you were a big fan of him. What, uh, what's kind of his story and what's the fascination there? So the thing with Ray, I would have never found Bitcoin without Ray Dalio, but like period.  flows. Like why would you own a lump of gold that literally produces and generates no free cash flows? Like this thing over here has the potential to grow and expand and produce more. So like, like gold was just like a laughable kind of topic, like within any type of value investing community. And so then we were reading a book on, um, Ray Dow, in fact, it was a, it was a, um, Tony Robbins book where he interviewed money  is he's not trying to predict the ups and downs necessarily. What he's trying to look at is the correlation between asset classes. So typically in the last five to 10 years, it really isn't the best example of this, but historically, if your bond market's bidding, your equity market's selling off and the money's going into the bond market because it's providing higher yields for the risk being assumed. And then vice versa, if the equity market's booming, most likely the fixed income bond market's kind of going down in relative terms in pricing.  It was so big. So what Ray's like, if I lever that and I own equities proportional to that, and then a similar thing happens between commodities and currencies. So when a currency is going up, the commodities kind of perform poorly and vice versa. So the way he would, he would organize his all weather portfolio was based on this. And then the big movements of where you wanted to be positioned inside of that really kind of came down to  I found fascinating and like way different than how I had learned. So, but they have a commonality and then neither one of them likes leverage. Well, I don't know that you can necessarily say that because, because Ray had like always levered his, his fixed income side of his portfolio. So, but I think Ray understands how damaging leverage can be to a portfolio and specifically because Ray blew up.  It answered a lot of questions for me that I had about the overall economy in the market that I felt was drastically broke. So like coming out of the 2008, 2009 crisis, I never felt like anything was ever fixed. I felt like they had just kept putting bandage after bandage on it. They kept pushing interest rates down to nothing. And I kept telling myself like, how in the world are they going to solve this? Right. And then you study Ray and you're looking at these big long-term debt cycles.  these equations anymore, right? And so all that really started like really kind of clicking the place when I started studying Ray and why gold was important. And then it was like Bitcoin. Well, what the hell is Bitcoin? Right. And he talked about it or no, no, he didn't talk about it, but his opinions on why gold was important for the portfolio because of the currency collapse was for me like this. Wow. Okay. So that is important and that could happen. And we are in this