 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Yago here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Thank you for having me. You're fresh off the plane. We are ready to rock and roll. 100 percent. All right. Everyone is talking about DeFi on Bitcoin. I tweeted something. Everyone comes with a pitchforks. They think I'm an idiot, which means they think you're an idiot, too. So let's just start with what the hell is DeFi on Bitcoin?  of all of them to be the global reserve currency in 10 to 15 years. True. So then the question is, all right, what is a world where you have this digital reserve currency Bitcoin look like? And what you want is you want to have a financial system that is as transparent and as incorruptible as the monetary asset itself. Right. We don't want to just change money. We want to change the ways we use money. And that's what DeFi for Bitcoin is. And that's why everyone thinks it's a huge  It's hard to do, if not, not possible to do at the time. Instead of waiting to figure out how to do that or waiting for the development of a layer to some people went and built a new platform, Ethereum, which had composability, smart contracts, all these aspects that deliver value to the Ethereum ecosystem. Since then, there's been more and more smart contract platforms built, but basically there was a new way of thinking about this.  layer two, Bitcoin's got layer two as well. When you look at those two systems, most people believe that all of DeFi is going to get built on Ethereum. Most people have written off that no DeFi is going to be built on Bitcoin. This is like the ultimate market setup where everyone, in my opinion, I think yours as well is overvaluing one side of that equation and completely ignoring it, not even just undervaluing, just completely ignoring the other side of the equation of DeFi on Bitcoin. Right.  I really want to use the Ethereum blockchain, right? What people want is the features that the technology provides. So we have gotten confused because it's true that the Bitcoin blockchain has a network. It has a network, but it isn't the network itself. It's not what's capturing the network value. Where the network value is captured is in the asset. Now, up until now, that wasn't obvious. And the reason it wasn't obvious is because everything was working  we're seeing now is that layer ones do not scale. You cannot put a huge amount of functionality onto a layer one and expect it to scale. And beyond that, that coming back to what I was saying earlier, where the network effect is not in the blockchain, it's in the assets. So Bitcoin is a powerful network. It has a powerful network effect because it is the network of people who want to have a store of value. They want to have access to the reserve currency of the future.  Right? Tether doesn't care. And in fact, Bitcoin doesn't care either. When you take your Bitcoin and start using Bitcoin on Lightning Network, you're effectively using a secondary network. When you use Bitcoin on a side chain like rootstock, you're using it on a secondary chain, right? A totally different network. But you maintain the same network effect and the same access to the network effect because it's the asset which is the network. The actual underlying technology. So we look at the Ethereum ecosystem because they were smart enough  I create a financial application. You create a debt, right? Your financial debt uses mine and mine uses like maker or whatever. And so it's very convenient for us to be on the same chain until you get to 2021. And what happens in 2021 is suddenly we realize that there's a huge amount of use of these chains. They cannot scale. And so what starts to happen is people start looking at layer two technologies.  There's obviously fees skyrocketing and a lot of backup on the actual transactions of the chain because people are trying to use it, right? But they can't use it because the layer one doesn't scale. And so now they're being forced to go and pursue all sorts of different scaling solutions. Some will work, some won't, whatever, right? But that's where really they're kind of learning their lesson because they experienced the pain now they go and they try to build layer two. Right. So they're both encountering the same problem because they've both finally, you know, in 2017,  that the holy of holies, right? The fact that the chain would remain the same, that it would always be reliable and that the store of value would always be based on a high reliable system would not be touched. High security, high decentralization, not so worried about layer one scalability or what's the latest innovation, bells and whistles, et cetera. Just pure security and decentralization was a direct trade-off with everything else, but that was an intentional trade-off. That's right. Okay. Ethereum is making a different trade-off. Okay.  smart chain, right? All of them are absorbing huge amounts of users and flow from Ethereum. And what we're seeing is more and more depth are migrating to one or more of these different chains. And so the composability that provided this network effect, it's breaking, it's breaking, which means that it wasn't a true network effect. I think it was a temporary network effect, right? You can have a temporary network effect.  a true network effect. And I think Ethereum did have a true network effect. It's just that that network effect itself could not scale. Okay. Now that network effect is not going to disappear entirely. I don't think Ethereum is going to disappear. I think Ether, right? ETH is going to continue to have value in the future, right? But the trajectory is not what people are anticipating right now. What people should be paying attention to is that there has been a complete change in the trajectory of where Ethereum is going. And that's going to  Ethereum has from the beginning pursued a narrative around technological superiority in specific use cases or specific functionality. So smart contracts, composability, all this stuff. What we're now seeing is people have taken what I would consider a pretty revolutionary technological change that Ethereum originally started with and the evolutionary iterations  technology, but we're not going to use ether as that asset as you described, right? You then start to see Binance smart chain trade off. Okay. Faster block time, way more efficient, much lower fees, two times the transaction volume, right? Almost immediately. And it's very hard to argue that developers aren't moving to go use this stuff, but it's more centralized, right? And so every single one of these decisions is a technical trade off. You're trying to accomplish X, but you're giving up or getting  All that other stuff is the trade off, right? We're going to give up all that. We're going to say we're not good at that stuff, but we are the most decentralized. We are the most secure. These other platforms, chains, side chains, et cetera, they're all saying we're going to give up on the decentralization, not fully, but we're going to compromise some of the decentralization or some of the security. Well, they don't say that. Some of them would claim that they're not making that trade off. Okay. But I disagree. So I don't think we've actually seen, this is the incredible thing about Bitcoin, right?  They have maybe other properties, but we haven't seen sort of a zero trade off improvement, right? Cars have clearly gotten better over the last 50 years, right? Like they're in every way. No blockchain has gotten better in every way over the last 10 years. The thing that I think when I talk about this to people who aren't super deep in the weeds like you or I are, as I simply say, Bitcoiners are pursuing decentralization at layer  on layer two, but I'm tied into a more secure chain and actually have the same throughput, the same fee schedule, et cetera, at layer two as you do, then why would I use your layer one tied in if it's less secure, less decentralized, et cetera, if I can do the exact same thing with the same functionality on top of Bitcoin? Right. And I think this goes to the very heart of what many people misunderstand about what's going on with crypto. Right. I don't think that it is a new computer technology.  So that's why it's imperative that Bitcoin not try to compete in features because there would be misunderstanding what the game is. Then now, so that brings us to where we are now, right? So now we've got this world where you've got a huge amount of features that have been built. Ethereum and the Ethereum community, the Ethereum developers have funded and built out phenomenal technologies, right?  The very center of gravity of this entire ecosystem is Bitcoin and the Bitcoin chain. Before you go there, is it fair claim to say that the inevitable endgame when you get fracturing of smart contract platforms and you get a multi chain world, that there is a constant pursuit of the highest throughput, lowest fees, kind of most efficient blockchains. And therefore it may take years and years and years, but you incrementally continue to get more and more centralization  A perfect example is Ethereum and Binance Smart Chain. If I want faster throughput, I want faster block times. If I want lower fees, what do I do? I just bring more centralization, some more efficiency. Right. With that said, and this is a key piece to it, is it then brings to the forefront. Is it more important to have the efficiency on the technological front and to have the throughput and the low fees, or is it more important to have the decentralization? And this is ultimately when you pit the smart contract platforms versus Bitcoin,  Bitcoin will simply be adopted by Bitcoin. And in 2014, a paper was written which described this thing called sidechains. And sidechains basically was a description of exactly how this was going to happen. What a sidechain is, is it's a chain. Remember I said the network effect isn't in the chain, it's in the asset. It's a chain which shares the security of Bitcoin. And actually there is an additional network effect, which is proof of work. Right.  technical, but I think it's an important point is in a block of transactions, approximately every 10 minutes, there is a certain number of transactions that fit into that block. One of the big debates previously, well, should we increase the size of the block so more transactions can go in or should we keep it the same? We kept it the same. But what is important to understand is if you almost think about it as a, uh, an Excel file, right? Just for easy kind of visualization and each cell on the row or on the column down was a different transaction.  you get the security and the decentralization of Bitcoin's layer one, but you're able to now exponentially increase the amount of transactions and economic value that gets put into a per block basis, which ultimately could swallow the entire financial system if we wanted it to, without having to change block sizes or kind of the core structure of that Bitcoin blockchain. That's right. Correct? Yeah. Okay. So we actually already see this happening and we see this happening in  for transactions and you move them to a separate chain. And now you do all of you, and you can basically treat this chain very badly, right? You can have it be pretty centralized. You can have it be high throughput. You can give up most of the assurances that you would want and you don't care. And the reason you don't care is because you have this high throughput on the layer two on the rollup, but for it to be approved, right?  exact same thing with Lightning Network, right? And uses a different way of approaching this, but basically both of them are attempting to do the same thing. And now we have Bitcoin side chain technology, which is allowing you to basically combine the best of both worlds. So you can take smart contracts, you can take scalability, and you can take Bitcoin security and put them all together into the tastiest decentralized  So that, you know, Bitcoin miners, they basically discover a new block on average every 10 minutes. But to do that, they create huge numbers of hashes which don't discover a block. So what you do with merge mining is you say, all right, we're going to allow you in that process to discover blocks on this chain as well with some of the hashes that weren't discovering Bitcoin blocks. So you're doing the same thing. You're getting the same security. You don't need to bootstrap on  So if you think about what rootstock provides, it's all the functionality of Ethereum merged with Bitcoin as the base asset. So you don't need a new token and the security of Bitcoin. When you use rootstock, you said Bitcoin is the core asset or kind of the native asset to rootstock, but you get the flow of the token.  crypto asset value is in Bitcoin. It's inconvenient to have to have a new asset every time you want to transact. And so when you're making transactions with Bitcoin, one of the things that sovereign and rootstock provides is the ability to just pay the gas fees in Bitcoin itself. And what's cool about it is that where does that Bitcoin go? It goes to the Bitcoin miners. So it actually expands not just the capabilities of Bitcoin, but the security assurances of Bitcoin as well. When somebody uses  You can basically compete with the Fed, right? You've got Bitcoin, you can issue dollars, which are not issued by the Fed and are more secure than dollars in the bank, right? It's got lending and borrowing. So you can lend your Bitcoin and earn yield in it. And some new features are going to be coming out that I know some people are working on, which is probably going to make it the number one place to earn yield in Bitcoin anywhere in the world. You can also borrow Bitcoin so you can go along Bitcoin. And one of the ways that you can do this is with another feature, which is  like a Uniswap is actually very, very popular. Right. But it is Uniswap is a decentralized exchange. It doesn't have decentralized borrowing lending and all that other stuff. Right. There's another, you know, decentralized application or decentralized financial application that has decentralized lending, decentralized borrowing, right? All right. So when you look at the ecosystem in general, there is all of this functionality. You just have to swap it in out of either different assets or go to different platforms, all that kind of stuff.  would they be more efficient, lower costs, more decentralized, or actually would everyone just stay and use the most secure chain with the base asset, the largest base asset, and then just do all the decentralized lending, borrowing, exchanging, et cetera, all on that one platform? The reason I got excited about sovereign is because I think that there's very strong chance that it is basically the financial protocol of the future, like the financial operating system  I never want to use centralized exchanges. But what's become more apparent to me over time as the project has grown and sort of as a result sort of it's become more clear how big of a thing this is, is that everything could be replaced. The banks could be replaced, the hedge funds could be replaced, the payments companies could be replaced by what is effectively a open, transparent and incorruptible  right? Your Mac provides you with the basic functions of an operating system, right? You can boot up the computer, you can, you know, install software, but in addition to that, it also offers you some of the basic key applications. It gives you a browser, it gives you a word processor, right? But a lot of people build for that ecosystem. And, and, and I think it makes sense for sort of like the application there, if they're going to be the same thing. You have the basic financial primitives, things like  When you think through  One, best we had to allow people to do what they needed to do, but they, there was counterparty risk in the Ethereum ecosystem and other smart contract platforms. The assets are not decentralized, but the infrastructure is decentralized, right? And when you especially look at things like sound money and all this stuff, right, you get into like a very weird world where it's obviously different than Bitcoin, but the infrastructure is decentralized. And I've always thought that  Right.  the base asset or the native asset or kind of native reserve currency of the internet is Bitcoin and the vertically integrated decentralized infrastructure? Or is it actually, no, it's all just interoperable. And so I'm gonna go from Bitcoin to Ether to name your next asset. I'm gonna use all sorts of different decentralized infrastructure and it's like a full multi-chain world where I actually don't care what the layer one is because I'm just seeking highest yield, most throughput, lowest fees. Look, I...  And then other people looked at this and they were like, wait, I can just make money. I want to do that. Like, I don't want to have a nine to five job. I just want to go fork Bitcoin and then say, I have a new coin. And then I go to a conference and I say, Hey, did you hear about my new money? Oh, you've got a new money too. Well, why don't we exchange some of your money for my money? And then, you know, like just skip the middleman of work and go straight to making the money. Right. But they needed to be able to justify that somehow. So, you know,  I think Ethereum is never going to go away. I agree with that. It has created a huge amount of value and it is the king of utility coins. But like I was saying, I think the trajectory that people are expecting is not the trajectory they're going to get. A lot of other things are pretty much going to disappear, like Shibu Inu. No one's going to be talking about it in a year.  are massive network effects and they have a center of gravity. And that center of gravity right now and probably, and this is why I say the most likely asset of all the assets you look at in the world of today is probably Bitcoin. Oh, it's inevitable at this point. Oh, I don't think it's inevitable. I don't think anything's inevitable. I don't think we get to be that complacent. I agree in the sense of nothing is actually guaranteed, but I think  Look at the internet. The internet was going to be freedom for everyone. It was going to be free information for everyone. It was going to mean that on the internet, nobody knows you're a dog. And for its first years, it was this ideal place that you could go, you could have civil conversations with anyone. It was totally up to everyone. It was choose your own adventure for the entire world. And what ended up happening was it ended  It's like the short term seems so great, right? You've got this coin and you lock it up and you get more coins, right? Imagine you could take Bitcoin and lock it up and just get more Bitcoin, right? So people look at like Bitcoin as well. Oh, it's very, it's like Puritan and it's solid and it's conservative and you know, Ethereum, I can get more Ethereum, right? And so on a retail level,  Right. And it's going to have the pressures of a publicly traded company. Right. And they can make a lot of money by getting a lot of people to give them their Ethereum and stake. And then they can tell people, listen, if you convert your Bitcoin to Ethereum, you can make even more money because Coinbase can make even more money that way. Right. So I don't think there's an inevitability here. I think it's really, really up to us. That's why I think the work that you're doing is so important. It's why the work that I do is important to me and why I think everyone who is in this space needs  And that's the whole point of all of this, right? Don't trust. So, yeah, I know there was a bit of a tangent, but when you talked earlier, you said there is altcoins, shitcoins, et cetera. I think a lot of people struggle to understand the difference between what I think you would categorize as Bitcoin, altcoins, and then tokens, right? You guys have SOV, which is a token.  No argument that it's our money. It's literally like a somewhat risky version of the dollar, right? But it has extreme utility. It can be used for various things. So that's the difference between a coin as I see it, right? Bitcoin is a coin which is effectively trying to be a reserve currency, a store of value as well as a  has very specific properties to it. And as of right now, it is the leading cryptocurrency. That's right. And you're making a difference between a cryptocurrency having to be decentralized and having to be some money tether while acting as a currency. It's more of like this, like digital currency almost to some degree where it is simply a use for store value, medium of exchange, but it's not decentralized. It's not sound money. Right. And then it's trying to go for something else. That's trade off.  indirectly, but it pays those fees out to the MKR holders. Now, if you think about a world which goes through hyper Bitcoinization, Bitcoin is the central monetary asset, but you have this entire decentralized financial system that's built around it. You're going to want tokens to represent all of the different financial assets, commodities like gold, equities, futuristic equities like MKR,  a monkey is equity and then a human being would be whatever comes after equity. It's like the human being at the next level, I think, where equity could go if it becomes programmatic. So it's