 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Will here with me. Thanks so much. How are you doing, man? Doing well. How's Miami going? I'm doing alright. Great way to start off a Saturday morning, little on chain metrics. Let's just jump right in for the week. It seems like we basically are just trading between like $32,000 and $40,000 and it's like range bound. Explain a little bit kind of how you see where we are right now. Yeah, so  a directional trade in either way because people are just waiting to see what the market is saying. We've had relatively low volume now heading into the weekend. Weekends are always lower volume than weekdays. It'll be interesting to see perhaps if we have any moves with low liquidity. For now, we're just pretty much range-bound. It's one of those things where, in my humble opinion, this isn't where you take any  that we've seen come back a little bit, but not not substantial at all. And then the futures contracts like you can go in and see you know the number of contracts that have been opened. And since we had that drop, I mean, it's pretty much just dead for anybody that that as is subscribed to the newsletter. If you look on that first picture that's up there, that bottom part of the chart that that's the futures contract. So you can see after we had that big liquidation event. I mean, no one no one wants to step in here. People are just  of this is when the metric goes down, there's more stablecoins in relation to bitcoins, right? So seeing this metric really take a dive down in the last two weeks, I think says twofold. First of all, obviously, Bitcoin's market cap has gone down a little bit, but also the fact that there's a lot of stablecoins. And I think that kind of illustrates that there's money sitting on the sidelines, similar to what we were just saying, that's kind of waiting to see a  people are just kind of playing chicken and you see that. Not only the futures contracts, but also the stable coins. It just seems like people are just waiting down on the sidelines for now. Yeah. And you have this chart where there's these like clusters of price distribution and kind of where a lot of volume trades. And I know that you've called out previously between 53,000 and $59,000 there was a ton. And then also previously between 7,000 and $11,000, but it feels like you're seeing a third  chain volume, not exchange volume, but on chain. So, like you were saying, we had this big kind of distribution zone between 53, 59K. And that was one of the reasons why I was pretty bullish when we were in that zone because it looked like a really strong zone of support. We had 10.5% of supply had moved above between 53 and 59K. But yet, once we lost that 53K mark, I mean, it was  I'm sure that we'll throw in the charts in as well for this video, but you'll see these three very distinct clusters. So you have that one between 53, 59K, this one between 32, 40K, and then you also have one from earlier on in the bull market where, perhaps someone even considered this the bull market, but between seven and 11K, like you were saying. So that's about 19% of supply. And that's like a huge  I'm not saying it necessarily would get that low if we broke that, you know, broke down, but that's a really strong support zone there with the on chain volume. And then also I know that that's a big technical support as well, where, you know, obviously that was the previous all time high. So that'll be a spot that a lot of people are looking to buy as well.  quickly and make smarter investment decisions. Visit kraken.com slash bang bang to get started today. Again, that's kraken.com slash bang bang. All right, let's get back into this interview. I hope you're enjoying it.  also in that upper 50 to 60K range. And those coins, of course, are selling at a loss. But I think one thing to take away is that a lot of the selling is coming from newer market participants rather than people that have been in this market for a long time. And you can see that through this metric called dormancy, which basically just looks at the amount of, it's not necessarily an average of the coins,  It's been younger and younger coins selling, which I think is an important trend to see where at the tops historically, it's been younger coins selling towards the middle to beginning of the bull market. And then the older coins are coming in. I'm sorry, the older coins are being sold into strength towards the end of the bull market.  Yeah. And then what about realized losses as kind of as people sell? Yeah. So realized losses is just, you know, if you, if you bought a coin at a higher price, um, sell it at a lower plate price, you've realized the loss. Um, you know, if you bought it at a higher price and you're still holding, then it's unrealized. So, you know, this is, this is just saying people are selling at a loss and they have been since that big, uh, capitulation event. And this is trending down though, which is a good thing. So it looks like, you know, these coins are,  across the middle of the screen. And that's the threshold for breaking even, which is one ratio of one. And we're right on that line. So that's something I'd be looking to watch as well, is you start to see whoever's going to capitulate, sell at a loss, has done so. And while we're ranging, you have still some of these coins that are looking to exit the market.  supply holdings versus the short-term holder supply holdings. So Glassnode for this uses 155 day threshold, which comes out to five months to determine if an entity is a long-term holder. And you're seeing those entities have been stacking really heavily while it seems like the shorter term holders have been selling off pretty significantly. And it's interesting because over the last month, the selling from the short-term  the buying of the long-term versus now we're starting to see long-terms over the last week stacking heavily than the shorter term. That's something that I think I would like to see going forward. That's age. Then if we're going to talk about the size of the cohorts, you've had this pretty clear downtrend now for two and a half months, actually, I'm sorry, more like three months where we've seen less and less whales coming  100 to 1000 BTC entities. So I think there's definitely some reshuffling of holdings there. But overall, the trend of entities over 1000 BTC has been trending down while retail continues to trend up. It seems like retail has really been stacking harder than they almost ever have in the history of Bitcoin. I mean, I had this chart and it shows the supply  momentum back to the upside. And possibly that's something that we'll see if we have a definitive move to the upside out of this range. We'll have to wait and see. But I would be, if we have a strong move out of this range and we start to get some momentum back to the upside, I'm going to be watching that number of whales chart closely to see perhaps some of that money that's waiting to get a position now and trying to get the best position possible. If they get that confirmation, perhaps if the  but if we do break out to the upside, you'll see people pile in and then also on the downside, you'll see people kind of pile in. It's just right here, people are a little uncertain about the short-term future. Yeah, that's my base case. And I think you just need one person to kind of step in and make the move, and then people will follow in either direction, I guess. But supposedly, there's an announcement. I saw a Bitcoin conference put out something that Jack  you know, if you have several indicators that are, you know, preferably uncorrelated that are all telling you the same thing. And then you're also kind of looking at the technical side of things where I look mostly at the on-chain data, but I also look at, you know, obviously some of the, some of the technicals. And if you have, you know, your fundamental analysis on-chain in technicals, all lining up kind of saying the same thing, you know, statistically the odds of that are way higher.  to flush that leverage out and scoop up some cheaper coins if they can liquidate all that leverage. That's something to look at. Then I'm just still following this trend with the short to long-term holders. It's interesting because in 2017, obviously, we have a very small sample size with these cycles, but in 2017, there's this clear dichotomy where the long-term holders were selling off into strength throughout the whole cycle.  term holders are selling off in the middle of the cycle and then the long-term holders are coming in and stepping in in the cycle. I think this is something we touched on last week, but that's a trend that I'm interested in seeing how that continues to play out moving forward because from that aspect, this is definitely not looking like 2017. Absolutely. Where can we send people to find you on the internet or subscribe to the newsletter that you're writing?  you say, hey, Will, this is something really cool that I saw. And I'd love to chat with anybody about the market. So feel free to reach out. I think you're doing a fantastic job. I think everyone else is really enjoying it. So keep up the great work and we'll do it again next Saturday. Appreciate it, Paul. Have fun in Miami, man.