 Alright guys, bang bang, I've got Heider here, how are you? I'm well man, how you doing? I'm doing great, we're doing this the week of the Bitcoin conference which is always fun. I said that you could feel the energy in Miami, you walk down the street, you don't know if they're Bitcoiners or just people on a wannabe spring break but people are excited. Or the Paul Logan Mayweather fight. Who do you think wins? You know, if Paul Logan wins it's like,  we were going to do something about it. I think the trigger for us was the attack, so to speak, on Bitcoin core developers and that IP war, essentially. And that got us thinking a little more about branding, how people could potentially be confused. Look, if you look at Okcoin over the last 12 months, we've had a pretty significant effort in attracting people who were on the fence about crypto. And I think we timed it well because then came the bull run and it helped,  feedback is, hey look, they're three Bitcoin logos, so they must all be Bitcoin, and so we added them to our portfolio. And that unintentional trading investing buying was troubling, and we wanted to make sure we play our part in protecting that investor base. Now, naturally, when we started to evaluate this stuff, the debate internally was, do we do something from a product standpoint to differentiate? And that's a big can of worms that we weren't ready to open yet.  And as we figure out what we could do to distinguish these assets from a product standpoint, let's delist them. Let's start the conversation. Because one ideal approach would be convincing the BCH BSC communities to rebrand those assets, even if they're not going to rename it, they should stop using the Bitcoin branding. And I know that's a pretty controversial sort of angle, but we think that's one that's really important. Bitcoin is an open source ecosystem, but that doesn't mean you can start using  And they're coming into our product and they're trying to buy Bitcoin, but some of them are buying something else Simply because they're confused by the naming or the branding and so rather than be Adversarial to those communities and saying hey you have to change the name or whatever you're simply protecting the users and We'll continue to reevaluate it if something changes where you think that you won't be confused. That's right. Is that fair? Yeah, that's absolutely fair and  Look, anything you do in crypto, you're gonna have 20% people who are unhappy with what you did. So it just comes with the territory. But generally speaking, I think we have to take a stance. And this was one that we felt was really important in the pursuit of protecting investors. And what would be the parameters for potentially relisting? Obviously you'd have to do it, there's a whole team that evaluates this, et cetera. But is it like a renaming, rebranding type thing? And oh hey, the assets would be up for reevaluation  which is less problematic than the look and feel. If they were to update their look and feel and change the logo so it's not a blatant copy of the Bitcoin branding, I think there would be a conversation and there would be appetite. Again, I can't speak for the entire team, but I generally think the company would be very supportive of us reevaluating that.  it's working or being adopted or just have a community, it's actually getting onto an exchange. Is that something where you guys reach out to them, they reach out to you, you have mutual friends, like just how does that work? Well in our case, we did have a relationship with Monib. My previous firm where I was working as a head of growth at Blockchain, I introduced Monib to that team and we ended up providing wallet support. The Blockchain wallet started to support earlier version of Stacks. So there was a relationship there.  in particular, the thing that of course, at a very high level that we look for is, is it deemed a security or a utility token? Does it pass the Howey test? And when those areas are check boxed, then we evaluate the rest of the, you know, the artifacts or the, you know, things that are related to any listings. Can we list it? Can we build the right sort of product experience? What is it that the community is seeking? If we're not the first to list, can we deliver some unique value in any way, shape or form?  something where you see user signups, do you see more engagement on social media, what's some of the impact of those assets, or is there just no impact at all? It's a mixed bag. Look, every asset we list, we hope there's demand. Sometimes that demand is instant, sometimes as a platform, we have to create discoverability. What I mean by that is educating our existing base that there's an asset, this is a high quality  where your firm is and what part of evolution you're at. But for us, arguably we've been around for a while, but in the US and Western markets, we are still a new brand and we're making our inroads. So by listing new assets, we attract these communities and they're then able to come into the Okcoin ecosystem and experience the product. And the hope is always like we delight them from the rest of the experiences and they stay.  that are based in the United States. But there's also marketing and product. And I think that there's this element of you could have great marketing, but a horrible product. All hype, no substance. Not a great situation to be in. You could have a great product, no marketing, meaning all substance, no hype. You'll build a business, right? It'll take a really long time because no one knows about you. And so what you literally are doing is you're only dependent on word of mouth and to get that  So it's an interesting question because I've had so many different experiences. There have been times where the marketing is leading, sort of the charge where other times there's a stronger product. And an ideal state is that they're both at the same time, but it's not usually the starting point. The starting point is like there's an imbalance. In the case of Okcoin, if I reflect back on last year, I think I can safely say that marketing led  as it was coming into crypto for the first time, you can go from zero to having a crypto portfolio very quickly. So during last year when we didn't have that product, marketing had to work harder and it had to work harder in building the right partnerships. We did work with unstoppable domains, stacks, Avax one and so forth. And now I think we're, you know, we're getting to a place where there is the balance is, is, you know, where we might be able to achieve a good balance and the product in many ways is ahead. Now we have a,  look at the marketing side, the job is not done yet. We have to do better storytelling. We have to do better lifecycle marketing so people understand that the next part of their journey perhaps is taking and what is the value there. When you think about the product, one of the things I know you guys did and you mentioned a little bit is the Unstoppable Domains partnership. My understanding of this is that you essentially took unstoppable domains, the ability to have crypto  To me, that's so forward thinking to say, hey, we probably should stop using these random strings of letters and numbers. It's not a great experience. I today, still, your heart starts beating a little bit faster. I'm really open centered to the right address. But just like www.whatever, you start to solve that. How does that happen? So with Unstoppable, we started with the utility, just like you described it. We knew that something had to be done  And what Unstoppable is doing is great with human readable addresses. We felt we should be one of the first exchanges to integrate this so that people can move crypto around freely and with the hope that you're going to invite a bunch of other friends and it'll be easier for you to get them there. Now, of course, somebody has to go to Unstoppable domains and buy a domain, but I think they've made it pretty easy to do so. And I think it's a great long term investment because you're basically securing your digital identity, so to speak, or real estate because  go in and out of our platform very easily and do their trading, do their investing staking, so on and so forth, and bring their crypto back to their preferred wallet. And that in itself was a no-brainer for us. How do you think about the PayPal's, the Robinhoods of the world, not allowing people to withdraw versus it almost sounds like you guys open it up. You say, hey look, we want you to be able to withdraw, to go into staking, to do all these various things and it's more of like an open system.  I know I've heard or read that Robinhood is working on their their wallet product I don't know what PayPal is going to do in that context You can expect these these traditional finance companies to create walled gardens It's you know, it's something that that we've seen with other firms so crypto in its nature needs to be more open We talk a lot internally about interoperability Let's be honest when you think about equities or stocks you probably have a TD Ameritrade account  Crypto is creating this interoperability where you and I can transact with each other regardless of where we are and there's no bank involved. Well, if that's true, then we should also think about embracing interoperability in other ways between different platforms because naturally people are going to want to move move value around. And I think we as platforms, compared to traditional finance, have this responsibility to drive that. So it's easier, it's faster, it's cheaper.  It's a normal credit card that when you swipe, you get Bitcoin back rather than cashback or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too when you go to blockfi.com slash pump. Again, blockfi.com slash pump. Go check it out and let me know what you think. All right, let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it.  just about the education and how much of that comes from you guys as a platform versus from other things that they may consume. So it's a great question in a sense because I think about this a lot. In crypto, largely speaking, we think about creating content that feeds the crypto natives. There's a lot for us to learn from traditional finance. What I mean by that is there are signals and things that investors  into the block started to do that. I know they were doing it with Bitcoin and some of the top assets and that was great. And I know they have an open API and other platforms can use them. But I think there is a lot in traditional finance we should look at and try and replicate because it works. Even the nomenclature, we don't need to create new language. The language is already there. The instruments are the same. They're not that different.  have kind of prior knowledge is really important. Yes. Yeah. You recently rebranded as well. Is that somewhat related as well in terms of trying to kind of have a look and feel and level of trust that they would expect from like a traditional finance consumer application? Did somebody just not like the logo or like what, what was kind of the thought process behind the rebrand and then like what impact have you seen from that so far? Yeah, look, I come from a traditional marketing background. I started my career at on Madison Avenue working for a bunch of old  this new identity we had formed over the last 12 months where we were doing things differently as part of us now being headquartered in San Francisco. So it was, you know, we felt that we needed to change, but that change didn't need to be just because we are doing something different. It was more about what is our intention? And there was an intention missing in the previous brand and we wanted to bring some intention into this new brand. That was reason number one. Reason number two is  We've got stuff that's just hopefully more pleasing to the eye. It's also more risky. You'll notice we're not using any Finance Blue. That was very deliberate. So I think it's our whole goal right now with the rebrand is to give it intention, give it a reason for why we're rebranding, and then build on that. Why does every finance company use Blue? Finance Blue, you said that it was like New York Giants Blue. It's just like everyone knows what it is.  of calmness and trust and so on and so forth. But I think human beings have evolved. I think we can get away with more, being more risky or being a little different. It's kind of like in the supermarket, they say that the reason why the fruit and produce is upfront is when you walk and you sell the bright colors and supposedly like makes you hungry or something. It's true. Really? Yeah. That's wild. I fall in that trap every time. They also say what, don't go shopping when you're hungry, right? Cause you end up buying way more. Way more that you're not going to eat.  That's a really important piece. So for example, traditionally speaking, when we think about customer service, we think, okay, well, most of your inquiries are going to come from the help desk or systems that you've built. And what we all can probably agree on is that's often not the case all the time. When we have problems with any product, the first thing we probably do is go to our preferred social media platform and we complain there. So naturally when we think about our experience, because in marketing,  and you're gonna serve them well. And so there's a big focus right now at the company to be very community driven, be very customer obsessed and meet them where they are. And the second part of meeting them where they are is learning and observing on things that they are looking for that we're missing today. Could it be a product feature? Could it be a new asset? Could be a way of doing something within our platform. So as part of that,  App was a big requirement. I think a lot of customers were hoping that we would simplify that experience. Payment rails was another one. If you look at the product last year, we didn't have ACH, which is your ability to just connect your bank account using your username password of your banking account, essentially. There were other payment gateways that we introduced, like Apple Pay and so on and so forth. So we've met that side of the demand.  most customers were asking for staking support within the new app. So good. They want to make money right away. They want to make money. And I think we should have that launched pretty soon. So that's one that we're excited about. And we're also thinking about other experiences beyond just what the customers are asking. Oftentimes, I think we both can agree some of the really sticky products don't often get  Beyond that, there is stuff that we're working on to entertain people, to let them have fun when they come enter into crypto markets and get introduced to these concepts, which goes back to meet the customer where they are. A lot of the new investors are younger folks and they want certain gamification in the platform and such, and they want to be able to talk about this stuff with each other. So yeah, there's stuff beyond customer feedback that we're excited about. Makes a ton of sense.  commercial intent behind why we did this. What excited me about this effort and part of the reason why I decided to join Okcoin is there's a lot of work that happens, whether investment or product or what have you, that actually doesn't have a commercial intent. It's not about revenue, it's not about fees, it's about doing the right thing. So our belief internally that is pretty clear to everyone is we believe that Bitcoin serves as the foundational  obligation. We feel that it's our sense, it's our character. And when we deploy some of this investment, we are not seeking any, you know, we're not seeking any commercial intent. There is none. And what we've really liked about our dev grants is the idea that, you know, there was one developer we funded before that, she was funded by Bitmex, and now she was recently, for this year, funded by Gemini, which is a great sign, right? Like, we're all working together.  You already know more than I do. Yeah, I mean look generally speaking we look for really high caliber really promising developers who've demonstrated some good intent and there's an evaluation process. We look at their backgrounds and such and you'll get to hear more from Hong on Saturday if you tune in. But yeah, there's a team behind this. It's not just done. It's not just a Twitter account. Somebody just DM'ing and saying hey I need funding. No, there's like a full process  excited about the rest of 2021.  culturally speaking. So finding artists, finding other collaborators we can collaborate that doesn't seem as obvious at the first glance, but as you go through it, you realize, okay, there was a purpose and there was an intent behind this thing. So my biggest point of excitement is what the company does with the permission we have, the team, the incredible team we've been able to build, and the budgets we have to deploy some of the best storytelling. Personally, my goal,  and personally I'd like for Okcoin to be that company first. It would be amazing. It would be such an honor and accomplishment if we were to win any of those awards, whether it's a bronze, silver or a gold. We'd love to bring one home maybe this year. But even if it weren't us, my hope is that someone in the crypto industry will do that because it will open us up into a new world. A lot of these consumer companies show up there and I think we have the  of financial empowerment, how can they generate wealth for themselves entering these crypto markets? And I think that's the biggest exciting piece ahead of us is unlocking that story regardless of where it comes from. When you think about that, what is the impact if that story starts to be the dominating narrative versus price, energy, FUD, Elon, you know, you would go down the line of all the things that dominate headlines.  think  and relationships in there that I find fascinating. I've read it a few times and every time I reread it, it fascinates me even more. So that's, I think that's one. I think to develop relationships, to manage relationships and to live life, I think it's an important book. It's a good read to have some time to talk about. Fantastic book. Second question is your sleep schedule. It comes from our friends at Eatsleep. So I sleep, not at all. Now I sleep a lot.  really important. Managing your energy I think is really important and it's easier said than done. I'm really conscious of it these days and I'm trying to improve it. Of course with a two year old at home it's a bit challenging but that's no excuse either. I think we can all be disciplined about it and what that ends up doing is your happiness level is up, your creativity is up, your relationships are better, your ability to do your best work is well positioned.  President Obama said some stuff about it a few years ago, watching some interview from a person who served in the Navy. So it's too coincidental now that people are coming out with the same sort of narrative or observations or sightings. What is unclear is the incidents that are being reported, are those actual aliens? That we don't know.  be an insect, for all we know. And what would be fascinating is an insect that's way smarter than us. Cephalopod, you know what that is? It's like a thing that lives in the ocean. They took an intelligence test and it's the first animal in the ocean, I think, that passed the intelligence test that they give to kids. Like, all right, I'm out. All right, you can ask me one question to finish up. What you got for me?  the