 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Jeff here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Awesome. All right. We got a lot of cover. So let's just start with kind of the basics of inflation versus deflation. How do you describe that to people? I take a pretty simple outlook and I just say inflation is when your money is worth less over time. Goods and services go up in relation to your money and deflation is the opposite. Your money is worth more.  inflationary system. And then why do you think that there's actually a different system that could be better? Well, um, we've always got, you're right. We've always grown up in an inflationary system and it's worked well for the majority of population. My parents house went up in value. Uh, they paid back that debt with cheaper money that they earned more throughout their life. And so on that path, it sounded like a good thing. We were taught in, in school, inflationary.  for less. No CEO puts technology in their company to make prices go higher. They do it to give you more for less or to compete in an open market to drive more value to you. You use technology for the same reason. And so when you add up what's happening with technology, bumping into this force of inflation that is really man-made, it's created man-made inflation, you ask, how could those two systems work together?  every single person wants or doesn't. But what I would say is most people are trapped in the system and they have no idea that there could be a totally different system that produces better outcomes. They have no clue because they live in the system. They measure their house prices by the system. They measure their food prices by the system. They measure everything by the system. And that system requires prices to always go up forever in perpetuity. And because that system is built on credit and that system  And so credit in a deflationary system gets more expensive and can't be repaid. So that's really the problem with these two systems, but they're diametrically opposed. And so what governments are doing, they're trying to print more money, change the rules of free markets and become in centralized markets essentially to print more money to pretend that system still works. And it has dramatic  what is the impetus or the kind of milestone that changes? It did work, but now it can't work. So it always, if you go, if you, if you break it down and just ask yourself, why do I want my money to get be worth less each year? That question kind of deserves an answer because I don't think personally any single person wants their money to be worthless each year, but when they roll it up into a system, they think that that's a good thing.  somebody like me with lots of assets, it's a windfall. The debt gets less and the assets go up. My rents go up on houses and everything else. So it's a windfall. What you're describing real quick, just for people who are listening is there are, if we separate a population, let's say the United States and we break it into 20%, so top 20%, next 20% all the way to the bottom 20% of Americans. At some point there is  with that invisible tax and actually are becoming poor and poor. And if it was 50 50, that would be one thing. But the wealth inequality, when you look how bad it is, it's way worse. And people measure income inequality. It's wealth inequality. It's actually what you just said. It's the assets. So just imagine you having one house and the house goes up in value and you're living in the house. Now you have two and somebody, your neighbor has two houses and both go up and the rents go up.  But again, going back to it, why do we need it? Why do we actually need inflation if you just go to the first principles? And before we go into it won't work anyways because technology is a stronger force. Why do we need it? And who says that inflation is required? Who says that you have to devalue your money or hide taxes in inflation?  to move to. We'll talk about Bitcoin a little bit as well. What happens from the existing system? Let's say you're in government, what do you do? Do you just say, okay, game's over. Let's stop printing. Because if you do, every single bank collapses, every single institution collapses. There's chaos on the streets as what should have happened a long time ago, kind of overriding free market.  system. What's around us all the time and we don't know, but we don't notice how fast it's moving is this technology impact. My phone used to just be a phone. Remember it was only 2007 that the iPhone came out. And think of what you have for free on your phone today, from photos to everything else. It's just all abundance more and more for less out of your phone. It's everything now. It's going to be your AI device.  of new money, so to call it stimulus, credit creation, to create $46 trillion of economic growth over the last 20 years. And what I think has happened is this. We've actually not had, we should have had with technology, two or 3% deflation per year, or disinflation per year. That's what the natural course would have done. And instead of allowing the natural course, so your things,  print money instead to pretend we can pay it back. And so that 2%, 2% or 3% natural rate of deflation that's moving forward is being offset with inflationary or trying to print money. And so now you're out, if you looked at, you're out here and the fall to where the natural market would look like, it would be staggering. And what that means is the further we go to  and this stuff is we're just pushing the problems further ahead. Yeah, we're making a little bit worse, but at that time we'll address it. You even hear the Federal Reserve at times talk about, you know, we're not worried about inflation in 2020 when if inflation shows up, we'll deal with it at that point. We have confidence that we'll be able to do that then. Is there a point where just there is no more kicking the cane down the road and it's like kind of like D-Day like, hey, just we got to deal with it today and it's not pretty. You've heard gradually and suddenly. Yes. Yes. That's how markets, that's how markets work. And a lot of things,  not typically not bad actors, people trying to hurt you or anything else in the system. It is the system itself trying to do whatever it can to protect itself. And you could put any different president in, you could put any different, the system itself is built in a way to reinforce it. And the entire structure reinforces that. So it requires a system change to get to the other side.  that will overthrow the government. But again, overthrow the government thinking that it's a person and it's just a consolidation of power. When you think about the system itself, it feels very weird that one, the people who are in charge of the decisions  million Americans inside the United States and whoever many else around the world that use the dollar as a reserve currency. But what you're really saying here is it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if they're elected or appointed. It doesn't matter if it was five people or a hundred people making the decision. The system is the system and they're actually doing exactly what the system needs them to do to continue to perpetuate the system that we live in. And why we didn't see it as fast as before, why we never actually asked the question is inflation a hidden tax or is it a tax?  The exponential movement of technology, I used this on your last show, but the folding of the paper 50 times and folding of paper on itself 50 times, a piece of paper will reach the sun on fold 50. And on Moore's law, we're on fold 34. And so you start to think, what does fold 35 look like? When we think about self-driving cars and AI, and we're looking now, historically looking backwards, and we think we're  Ask an economist to measure the GDP output of all of the pictures you use on your phone. Think of what that's done for you and how many photos you take and curate and edit and everything is self-edit compared to what Kodak and the entire industry look like before. Or an economist to measure, I used to spend, I remember spending  There was somebody who was incredibly forward thinking, incredibly intelligent, maybe even came from the future and they were running kind of all central bank activities. And they decided, you know what, I'm not going to play the game, right? I'm actually going to allow technology to run its course and go into this deflationary environment. What would be different about today if this had started in the seventies or eighties, right? Is it $1 would be able to buy a whole house? Like, like literally the money would be so much more valuable  we'd be working 15 hour weeks by now. And again, technology saves time. It would, technology does more for less. And the output of that is you get more for less and your time increases. And, and, and, but because that hasn't been followed and because we've warped monetary policy to be able to stop that, essentially we're creating slaves, right? So a whole bunch of people on most wheels trying to, to, uh, to work harder and  That is what we should want if we want an abundant future. That is what we should want. The policy result is inflationary and people are going to say, well, these two systems are competing against each other. Everybody's going to want more handouts. They're going to want more money. Try to get elected as a government saying, no, here's what we're going to do. We're going to turn off the taps. Good luck. Suicide mission. Suicide mission.  do it. But, but it can. So, so a lot of people think that we're going to go into hyperinflation right now. I disagree completely because the market forces and I know it looks like it right now because of all the printing before and that, and that inflation can, unless printing is, is moving up all the time to match the deflationary, the deflationary impact of technology is moving up.  whole system is a feedback loop. Do you think that the Federal Reserve can stop printing in terms of where we are today? So coronavirus happens, there's economic uncertainty, right? One moment, then there's kind of panic, chaos, liquidity crisis, all hell breaks, lucid markets. I remember explaining to somebody March of 2020, there was a lot of days people were walking around and like zombies in New York City, right? Just like what is going on in these markets? Fed steps in central banks around the world.  levels of inflation right now. There's a belief that it's transitory. Is there a world where they just say, Hey, look, eventually we kind of run out of the impact of what we've already printed. We don't print anymore. And therefore, you know, we're kind of back to the norm, back to normal or back to the old day. No. Or is it just, here we go again, they're going to print more later this year and more next year and more the year after. So, so that's actually why you need to look at the trend line or we should look at the trend line. And what, what is, what's technology telling us? What's the inflation or what's the policy?  I literally wish we should clip it at some point and just I should tweet it. There's a documentary called Panic. There's a documentary called Hank and both of them involve many of the players in the financial crisis. And at one point, Hank Paulson, I think it was in Panic is like, I knew that we needed 700 billion, but I knew I couldn't go in there and say that number. So instead I went in and said, we don't know yet, you know what we needed, but whatever. And he's like kind of like laughing about it.  being addicted, right? The economy is addicted to the stimulus. It has to have it. And every time it needs a bigger shot of the stimulus in order to see the impact that it needs. And so you used to get tens of billions, you got hundreds and they got trillions. Eventually we're going to get 10 plus trillion dollars stimulus package feature. So 185 trillion over the last 20 years before, before COVID before when I wrote the book produced $46 trillion of economic return globally. Now that now it's going to take a lot more than that to produce more growth.  which is, is there some law? Is there some physics law that requires the game to be played like that? And then it was not really. What's the new game or what's the future game that as people go and look at and ask those questions, they seem to be gravitating towards. There is a different way, a deflationary type environment that could be successful. So that's what I think it is. And I think that's the only way that's congruent with kind of humanity moving  And so most people are living in this system while the system breaks, not realizing that it's consolidating control at an alarming rate. So when you do, you either have two spectrums, right? And I won't go all the way to, probably if I was to, I'm gonna simplify it, but there's nuance between here. You have free markets or you have dictators.  centralizes. So the great theme right now is, is we have centralized economies. And, and what I worry about is because this is the path we're on is centralized economies with, um, with AI and robotics and everything else that, that look pretty dystopian. If, if it's hard for people to rise up against dictators today in their countries, can you imagine rising up against a dictator with drones that can  new world, you do. This framing of deflation and inflation is antithetical in some way to what a traditional Keynesian economic, you know, kind of disciple would say, or even the mainstream media, frankly, where their belief is that you need inflation in order to get velocity of money. If you don't have velocity of money, you can't possibly have an abundant civilization. And so why do you think and are likely right that the deflationary environment actually  And if I saved money and there was an event and everything, prices fell, I actually took more of the gains. That's how our economy works, risk return. So today in the existing world, essentially you have a no-lose bet. If you're hedge fund and everything else or your bank, no problem. There is no consequences of bad actors versus a system that changed  All it is is it's information that has been organized. Those atoms have been organized in a physical world and that information is going to move from your head or AI and do a 3d printer and it's going to be organized at your home and you're going to have abundance in time. That might take another 10 years. It might take another 15 years, but that is coming and there's nothing that the existing system can do to stop that from coming and go up a level. The more they do,  is because you as a shopper wouldn't shop there if they had to raise the prices to pay for everybody because we live in a competitive environment. So the incentive system is, right now the incentives are aligned to a broken model. And if the incentives were aligned to a free market model, you would see prices falling and you'd see your time increasing. The prices would fall so far, so fast and they would keep falling after that.  As we're watching this happen, forget Bitcoin and sound money and all of this. We already see technology is eating the world, right? And it's happening in a very real way, very measurable way. It's been happening for a long time. This is not a new thing either, right? It's just in some weird way, the horse to the car was technology eating the world. But what we do see along the way is what I will call the pure capitalists with  But it's the free market is going to be the greatest referee or the greatest kind of driver of progress, not, you know, mandates and some of this other stuff. Like how do you think about some? So no, that's if, unless you centralize everything, okay. So if you believe 12 people could control every, every interaction in the economy or, or the government, you lack control everything and they will always do it in your best interest rather than their best interest.  will literally lose everything. So free market isn't perfect, but it is the best system today. So that is the path of centralizedization. That's what it'll look like. And so the people closest to the government, similar to what it looks like today, right? Get more of the gains and everybody races into the government to protect that. If you look at Russia, look at China, look at what they,  With more than 60 cryptocurrencies available, you can invest in all of the most popular projects in the industry, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and many, many more. Kraken also provides in-depth articles and guides on every single asset that they list, so you can get up to speed quickly and make smarter investment decisions. Visit kraken.com slash bang bang to get started today. Again, that's kraken.com slash bang bang. All right, let's get back into this interview. I hope you're enjoying it.  believe that centralization is bad. I think you and I both would agree with that. And I think history would suggest that that is definitely true. Historically, there's been maybe a line in the sand. The government was responsible for some portion of our lives, whether we wanted it or not. That was just part of what they did. But it does feel like it is becoming more and more expansive in their mandate, right, in their eyes. And so now all of a sudden monetary policy is becoming politicized in a lot of ways.  for, for I want this now. It's not so much that they're even greedy. It's a pure survival. So, so, so think about this. So should housing be number one, you'd ask over the last 20 years, the $185 trillion. If you didn't, if you didn't increase, if you didn't create $185 trillion, how would housing prices be as high as they are today? Probably not. If you didn't print as much  and made a whole bunch of prices higher that they can't afford. And so that's kind of why you get, once you start to get to this, the system change, you get revolution at some point. Weimar Republic, the rise of Hitler was a result of the very same thing. Explain what happened in Weimar Republic. So World War I, they couldn't pay their debts. The U.K. demand for the U.K.  five, Dawes plan came in and said, okay, we're going to give you more time to pay this back and discount some of this from, from, from kind of other, other countries, including the U S and then in that fixed it for a while, kick the can down the road for a while. And then 1929 in this, in the States started depression, kind of a global depression there as well.  and say, it's not your fault. It's their fault. They're the reason that it looks like this. And it's believable. They've taken your freedom. They've taken you for it. Exactly. Exactly. And it's believable. So that's how you have a revolution or system change. And then Hitler essentially changed constitution and everything else to keep power. And we know the rest of that history. I often ask, why didn't people as they saw these signposts, similar signposts,  with you, you can't take your money. You're not going to take suitcases of money with you on a plane or boat. And so they get stuck. And that's typically what happens. Bitcoin today allows a little different. You remember 12 words, you can move anywhere. You're not going to take your memory. And so I think even just this alone with all of the signed posts before we get into why it's so important, just if you  of, which is, you know, if I need to move, I can do it quickly. If there's unrest, if there's confiscation of assets, all that type of stuff. That's a super interesting question. I haven't asked that before. Actually for me, I think I, I lean more to Bitcoin because, because it, it brings fairness and equity to the world. It brings, it brings a free mark, free market forces that allow the abundance gain from technology to be passed the broadest part possible  that should be falling when all of the technology companies that I was building were producing crazy returns for people. That's why people were using the technology companies. And so I couldn't understand