 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Dan here. Thank you so much for doing this. Thanks for having me. All right. We're just going to start right with like the juicy stuff. ESG, bitcoins and OFAC compliant blocks. What is this stuff? It's having fun staying poor. That's the TLDR because if you want to mine Bitcoin using expensive electricity, that's ESG compliant or ESG, you know,  much which will make the Bitcoin that you mined more expensive. So people who choose the renewable energy methods may or may not have higher cost energy. Now that's not necessarily the case because there's a lot of examples where renewable energy is actually cheaper than coal or other types of energy because it's locked and you can't distribute that electricity down a line or there's certain cycles where you have more solar than demand. So this isn't necessarily a linear comparison.  possibly generate or consider. Yeah, that's right. So we can think about Bitcoin mining like you buy a machine that prints money and it prints money, prints Bitcoin if you throw, uh, take electricity and flow it through that machine. And so your objective is to buy the machines at lowest cost possible and buy the lowest cost electricity. And then you get your highest ROI on the Bitcoin, the money that comes out of the machine. And the renewable power is in many cases cheaper or more expensive. Well, that's the tricky thing. Sometimes it's cheaper because there's excess capacity, but  nuclear, wind, solar, energy creation, Bitcoin is simply taking the excess capacity of the electricity grid and using that to mine Bitcoin. So it's not Bitcoin's fault that the mixture is coal plus solar plus something else. It's more around the energy usage total and aggregate that people are, I think, more concerned about and is the core root of the energy argument. And when you think about the total consumption, one of the things that people don't understand, I literally saw a New York Times journalist talk about this.  that's one of the first assumptions that most journalists make incorrectly, which is that Bitcoin mining only supports Bitcoin transactions. No, it's a production of new coins plus transactions. Now, with each transaction, each transaction can include many, many more transactions inside of it. What I mean by that is, for example, lightning. With lightning, we can open up a lightning channel and transact millions of times and then settle on that base layer that would only show up as two transactions total. So that is a lot of energy economic density, as Nick Carter would put it.  times 60, or seven times 60 times 10. Thousands. But really you could be servicing every 10 minute block, millions of transactions, but whether you're doing thousands of transactions or millions, it still takes the same energy consumption because it's just one block. That's right. Yeah, that's exactly right. So the energy consumption to mine a Bitcoin block will stay the same no matter how much economic density is inside those transactions. So those transactions could represent billions of more transactions. So essentially Bitcoin  And so in order to serve more people or more transactions in the legacy system, I have to increase my energy consumption here. That's not necessarily true because it's a nonlinear relationship between transactions and users and that energy consumption. Exactly. And to be fair, though, there are layer two technologies that would require energy, right? If you open up a lightning channel that does require energy, but for simplicity sake, yes, 100 percent. OK, when we start to get into the conversation around why does the energy consumption continue to go up, explain the  as gold becomes more and more valuable, gold miners are willing to go deeper and deeper into the earth to go find it, which will cost them more and more money. Bitcoin has a similar mechanism called the difficulty adjustment. As Bitcoin grows in value, it becomes more and more difficult to mine a Bitcoin because more miners come onto the network to mine Bitcoin. And then the difficulty adjustment is an automated mechanism that the Bitcoin network has to increase the difficulty of mining Bitcoin, which makes it then competitive with the newly added miners. So newly added miners means more people  coming onto the network who are trying to take advantage of Bitcoin's price rise. Looking at Bitcoin's price rise going, it's more and more valuable to go mine a block. So I'm going to turn on more hash power. I'm going to build more miners. Bitcoin's network makes an equilibrium between these newly brought on miners and the difficulty it takes to mine a block of Bitcoin. OFAC compliant blocks is a thing that I don't think anyone had talked about previously really until recently. There's a miner who  I forget what the acronym stands for, but essentially it's a global entity that looks at different bank accounts and individuals and puts them on a blocked list. The list blocks them from different financial services. I think that's the most simple form of this that I can compress. OFAC essentially builds out this list of individuals. They're like, we've got a scammer from Russia. His name is this. His bank accounts are here. These have been frozen. You are not permitted to do business or bank this individual. Basically, you're blocked from the existing financial system.  because if they don't mind it, someone else will. So essentially this miner was willing to forego revenue to mine these Bitcoin. Now what's funky about this is like knowing which transactions are bad or good is almost impossible. I mean, there's some that have been flagged as like, Oh, fact non-compliant, but these are all mixed together and then you don't know exactly who's the owner of it. It's much more difficult to suss out than just like, Oh, here's a bad guy's bank account. And so they're willing to forego revenue. It's extremely difficult to do.  And I don't think they require that now. So basically this miner was going, Hey, we're going to virtue signal that we're stopping the bad guys. Even though we're not required to do so. And it comes at a cost to us, which I think was just a very bizarre mixture of things. And the Bitcoin community reacted really harshly to this naturally because this is antithetical to what Bitcoin represents. And they recently, I think, reversed their decision as of, was that today? It was today. So Fred Tio, new CEO comes into Marathon. It's unclear,  the miners or not put that in air quotes is like a group of people. Yeah, certainly this would be an issue in the future. I do think that the Bitcoin network has some built in defense mechanisms. One is incentive. The other miners are much more incentivized to go mine all those transactions. If they start, if the group of miners start to censor X percentage of transactions, well, they're forgoing a lot of that, that revenue. And over time, the Bitcoin block, which is comprised of newly minted Bitcoins plus those transactions, the,  If you had more than 51% of the hash rate decided to do this, is that fatal? It's not fatal. Um, this gets into the same game theory. I haven't explored as much, but essentially there are some game theoretic attack factors here to where this isn't a fatal thing for Bitcoin. It's just a, uh, it's more of like, it starts to be, cause there's also ways you can obfuscate transactions like with coin joins and other mechanisms that make this much more difficult. Same with like lightning channels that are opened up. But yeah, I haven't fully explored all of the in-depth game theoretic attack factors here.  more with ethos of Bitcoin and in no way do I think that they were ever intending to attack Bitcoin, be negative adversarial, any of this stuff. It was really in a hey, we want to help it when we want this to be a positive thing. With all that said, there's been in the past meetings. That's just a touchy subject in Bitcoin because there have been meetings that turned into kind of adversarial type decisions of groups of people to kind of go after Bitcoin or change Bitcoin.  nation, transparency they're trying to achieve. Just what was your read of that situation? Yeah, there's a couple of different thoughts here. One is that Bitcoiners naturally have an allergic reaction to centralization. So if you have a committee or group, there's a couple of different events that occurred in the past that make Bitcoiners cautious of these sort of coalitions or groups. One would be the Bitcoin Foundation. Bitcoin Foundation over time was this thing that was an idea like, let's have this Bitcoin centralized team that can help promote Bitcoin and do X, Y, or Z. That was corrupted  or a comms person would have been required for this to have been a little bit smoother. They could have gone through, looked at the language, looked how they positioned this, understood the community, and probably phrased it a little bit differently. Their goals, I think, were a little bit strange. It was the ECG goal. So more of like the environment, we are a coalition of miners that are going to source electricity from environmentally friendly sources. I think that, because I believe at the time that they were trying to, and what was this, a week and a half ago, they were trying to counteract the narrative that Bitcoin  usage isn't wasteful. It's doing something very useful in Bitcoin detractors use Bitcoin's dirty energy as a way to fight it. But at the core root of their argument, they just don't think Bitcoin's doing something valuable. That's why they don't like it. So if Bitcoin used a hundred percent clean energy, I still think we would see Bitcoin energy FUD. So ultimately I don't think that narrative battle will be won by this group, but I do applaud them for their efforts to at least try. Yeah. It also feels like a lot of the ESG stuff is a complete nonsense, right? Not, not in  I mean, what is it? We should cancel Christmas. Right. And Xbox is an, I play Xbox for fun with me and my buddies. I mean, I don't worry about Xbox being wasteful. Some people would find that wasteful because they don't like to play Xbox. They don't like the game. But how about watching the Kardashians or washing your clothes or you've got an SUV and I've got a Toyota Prius, right? Like it doesn't matter. Like it doesn't matter about like virtue signaling individual energy consumption. And if we applied the principles in which they're evaluating Bitcoin with where they go, well, what is Bitcoin's energy mix? How efficient is Bitcoin being?  They're just like, I don't like this industry, so it's wasteful. And no one would ever ask you what the energy mix of your washer is. I mean, how much energy is your washer like taking from coal versus solar? No one cares. No one ever asks you that. It'd be very impolite if they did. But for some reason they hate Bitcoin and that's why they focus on it so much. This brings up a really interesting point, which is the way that the asset is treated throughout the media is, I believe unethical, right? And here's a perfect example.  Like I will remove myself from bias by not holding this asset, but I will hold another asset. Like they hold real estate, stocks, bonds, fiat currency. They'll hold that and not consider that in a conflict of interest, which is just so absurd. Well, to be fair, stocks and bonds in many cases are somewhat insulated. So for example, there are some journalists who say, Hey, I won't hold individual securities. I'll buy an index fund or whatever. Right. But to your point, I don't see people writing saying I hold a home. Right.  about is clicks. And what they care about is this bullshit integrity that they all have amongst each other of, Oh, I don't hold the asset. I'm pure. And I'm like, well, how about the accuracy of the article you just published, which had numerous objectively false information. Like that was objectively false, which you wrote, and they wouldn't admit that. So I think it's just kind of this weird virtue signaling thing amongst other journalists that I'm pure, but it means nothing to everyone else in the world. When we all will look at these journalists and we hope that they would write something that is accurate. I think that the financial media is accurate.  It's a joke. Well, the, the whole thing with quantitative easing and stimulus packages are that these are all connected with the population. So these are free. These are bailouts of both corporations and the population. And when everyone's getting handouts, no one wants to be negative, right? So no one's questioning like, well, anything blow up here. And the only people I ever see commenting on that are opinion pieces based on like old, like old economists, like Larry Summers, he came out and he's like, this is crazy. He's like, what the hell are we doing? He's like the, the fed's job is to  What's he saying?  his last year we were told it wasn't going to happen. And now we're being fed a different story with no apology, no correction, no anything to the fact that we were told inflation was not going to happen. I, you other said it was going to happen. They were wrong. We were right. And now inflation is here. And now all of a sudden and not just inflation and drastic increase in inflation that we were told was not going to happen. And now we're being, Oh, don't worry about his transitory. Well, they're also moving the goalposts. The fed is recalculating how they calculate  or like what does success look like? It's completely ridiculous. And what's so disturbing is how huge this is. This isn't just- Is it the greatest scam? Is the entire monetary manipulation of the economy over the last 50 years, is it the greatest scam that we will live through? Absolutely. I think that money is a representation of energy and time. Like you and I spend lots of time and energy to go make money. Same with everyone else out in the world. The government changing printing  beautifully designed Bitcoin system or is it some sort of complex solution that involves other things that are social or political or is it just a pure economic technological invention like this? Well, ultimately Bitcoin is about humans believing in them. At the end of the day, it requires human behavior to reorient around a protocol. You know, Bitcoin is just pure raw code. If no one believed in that code, it would be worth nothing. So it requires that humans start to believe in it and start to work with it and want to become part of that community and also become and start to believe in the ideals that this code or protocol  these other things about my life. Money is the most important thing in the world. It dictates everything around us. It dictates individual freedom, how free and flexible are you to move out of bad situations or dangerous situations or feel safe or insecure. And so once people start to feel liberty and freedom with their money, then they go, well, why are drugs legal? Why, why are you taxing me this much? Why are X, Y, or Z? I mean, the automatic withholding from W2s is incredible. I mean, it's the, that, that is one of the greatest  what did I get for that? So I think that Bitcoin is the inception point where Bitcoin starts to challenge people's beliefs over what government should control in your life, starts with money, then it permeates to everything else. When you think in the crypto community, there's a whole bunch of narratives that are shared by other people outside of the Bitcoin community. And I just want to throw some of those out there and you kind of run through them. Bitcoin, Ethereum, while some people may  Proof of work has demonstrated its resiliency. Institutions are buying into it. Its volumes are approaching higher and higher levels. Bitcoin is definitely being viewed as a credible gold 2.0 alternative, like an alternative to gold. It's being globally recognized as that. Ethereum is trying to do smart contracts, more of the common term is DeFi for this. But Ethereum is trying to do something where they take the concepts that Bitcoin had using that blockchain technology  can't change your monetary policy every year, multiple times, and then expect people to believe that it won't change again in the future. I do think like, and then also, Ethereum having a low inflation rate wasn't even a narrative until a year ago. Now these are, these are very new narratives for Ethereum. And so I don't think that they understand the core principle of that. Trust is built over time and there's nothing that can replicate that. It doesn't matter. No matter what code you make, what matters is that humans over time believed in it. And as that time increases, there's more and more trust and belief  deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account. You can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use our cryptocurrency exchange and have no trading fees or you can get a new Bitcoin rewards credit card. It's a normal credit card that when you swipe, you get Bitcoin back rather than cashback or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too when you go to blockfi.com slash pump. Again, blockfi.com slash pump. Go check it out and let me know what you think.  the  Right in terms of you want to optimize or something else. OK, we're going to go build this layer one blockchain and it's going to be scalable. It's going to be composed walls. I think most people in that community, I don't want to say everybody, but most people in that community now would conclude and come to consensus on the fact that you're not going to scale on a layer one on a blockchain. You got to scale in layer two. Bitcoin has been for a long time, so I don't think there's disagreement in that the scalability is going to come from these layer two's. But what I think people are drastically underestimating is that already  that the threat that other smart contract platforms have to Ethereum is much, much higher from a probability standpoint than anything else coming along saying we're going to create a decentralized kind of payment system. Agree or disagree with that? Agreed. I think that no one else, no other cryptocurrency has the credibility that Bitcoin has in terms of a store of value. I think decentralization trust, those are all intertwined together. The decentralization leads to more trust. Bitcoin's community feeds back into the decentralization  there's always going to be a protocol that decreases their decentralization even more. So they lessen up on decentralization, allow more throughput. And this would be Binance Smart Chain would be a Binance Smart Chain Solana. The Ethereum community would argue Binance Smart Chain literally they scoff at it, right? They thumb their nose and they say that's stupid. It has no decentralization centralized. Right. I think this is big corner saying like, yes, cause there's an evolution of less and less decentralization. Precisely. If the value property you're competing on is like low cost like contracts, like the Ethereum community  off of Ethereum and went and built their own blockchain specifically for their use case. And so it begs the question of in a smart contract platform, do you get fractionalization where people say, no, I'm going to take the idea of the smart contract platform and I'm going to customize it to my specific use case versus in the Bitcoin world. There's nobody who's saying like, okay, I'm going to take Bitcoin and then I'm going to create a special customized version of Bitcoin that I'm then going to go do something on because it doesn't work because nobody buys into it.  incredible competition as well. Totally. I mean, we're talking like there's also a network effect to this network, effective buyers, believers, and developers working on those protocols. Now we're seeing this starts to shift over to like Binance, Solana, many others. And I think that that's definitely a big challenge for Ethereum is how do you preserve decentralization, but then also, you know, trade off all these things that these, these, these developers want to go build out smart contracts and these more advanced systems. Another thing that earlier this week that came to light was really interesting maker.  more and more of this collateral, and I think now it's like 30 or 40% is USDC, which means that MakerDAO collateral is simply a centralized stable coin. So a decentralized system is relying on a centralized asset in order to keep the peg. Yeah, because USDC, USDT are completely centralized. Transactions can be censored, coins can be moved. How these work at USDC, USDC, they have a real US dollar bank account, and then the issue you have a token to represent  that's why I really believe, you know, I'm really a strong believer in like native assets. Whenever you introduce like a legacy financial asset into a blockchain ecosystem, you introduce a lot of risk. So let's say you introduce a stable coin and now your smart contract uses that stable coin in some sort of fashion. Well, we have to trust that that stable coin won't be seized or reversed. And then same with other collateral, like you take a piece of real estate, tokenize that, put it on the blockchain. If that's on the blockchain and it's being used for smart contracts, it's still rooted in the blockchain.  in charge of or a major voice in one of these smart contract platforms or communities, what would your advice to them be? Would it be to say, hey, listen, we're not optimizing for decentralization. Decentralization actually really doesn't matter that much. And so we're just purely going to be the most effective technical platform for people to come and build on. Would it be, no, don't ever say that you should try to make it as decentralized as possible? Like, like almost like flip to the other side of the table. And like, what would your advice be  engineers who want to build cool, fun things. That's your marketing pitch, is the flexibility of it. What can it do for you? As a developer, what can you build with it? As a consumer, what problem will it solve for you? Decentralization isn't necessarily—you're not capable of maintaining decentralization on that gradient of Bitcoin being the max decentralization. You can have and hold that decentralization all the way through the smart contract functionality. To some degree, you can, but you lose some of that over time.  I start to write about it. That helps me switch the roll around to a teacher mode where I'm able to think about it from I have to teach it and the best way to understand something is to try to teach it. I'm undergoing the process right now of learning more about stacks, sovereign. Sovereign is like sovereign RSK, atomic finance, which is using DLCs, and I think a few more, but those are the three top ones. I'm an investor in two of those, perfect.  Now, prices come down a lot. And so I don't think that they're still at a billion dollars of total value locked. I think that's true of a lot of these platforms as prices come down, kind of the total value lock contracts. But they went from zero to a billion. I think only sushi swap was faster. And maybe it's not the second fastest, maybe they were the fifth fastest or something, right, whatever. Still very fast, but still very, very quickly. Another great step for you. DeFi Pulse does not list them.  from what we've seen that I could see them intentionally leaving that out. So it's a convenient narrative. I think that Bitcoin DeFi, so I'm just starting my exploration now, which is I find really fun just kind of exploring something new and Bitcoin by itself is all that we need. Bitcoin is a supreme gold 2.0 asset and everything that Bitcoin has today enables it to be that Bitcoin has found protocol market fit. Whereas I think, you know, theorem is just finding some of that now.  foundation and then building on top of that versus other systems which aren't as decentralized and then build skyscrapers on skyscrapers, which could lead to riskier and riskier situations where the core base of it isn't stable. Whereas Bitcoin's core base is extremely stable and Bitcoin's engineers and community have pushed innovation to layer two, which is some of this Bitcoin DeFi. These Bitcoin DeFi projects are essentially like layer two technologies. And for those that don't know what we're talking about here from a kind of DeFi on Bitcoin is essentially, as we described,