 What's going on?  not so beautiful is a green piece. Recently said they're not gonna accept Bitcoin anymore. And you had this epic rant. So just tell what happened and what are your thoughts? Oh yeah, well, I think it was a combination of seeing all of this coordinated journalists and people in the media talking about the environment with Bitcoin. This is an old argument. I mean, this was 2017 when I first saw that. And we've even seen the argument against Amazon because of the environment back in 99. So it's just an old argument.  environment. Do you think that they're actually like colluding with each other? Like there's like a secret meeting and they all are get on the conference call and they're like, I don't know if it's a secret meeting, but it's different. It's different media places. And I think they may send out an email like, Hey, this may be the thing to talk about because it happened right in the room. It was like six or seven media stories I saw within a two weeks span. And then greetings comes out and they're not accepting it. And I'm like, okay, well, they're so big, you know, it may, you know, may impact people. I've seen people even say I don't want to buy Bitcoin because it may impact the environment. I was like,  look, their, their hit piece on Bitcoin's energy consumption is their number one article. We don't have one of those. We should go write an article and they task somebody and they say, Hey, go write this. And in some cases the journalists may not even know why they're being assigned something. But also there's sometimes where literally these idiots are sitting there waiting to write the hit piece, right? And they're like, Oh, the price fell. Finally, I can write it. Not look like an idiot. And so I think that it's, um, it definitely feels like there was a big wave.  as banks as pretty much anything. I mean, I think Christmas lights uses more energy consumption than Bitcoin at this point. So it's a viewpoint. And I think it is included simply because of that. It's an argument that is really just to get people to not do it. And that may be the influence on Elon Musk, you know, maybe switching, switching his position. I don't think that's forever. But that's why I said I don't I didn't think that was forever. I think he just said it. And then he realized, you know, maybe we can solve it with Michael Saylor to have him beatings, Bitcoin mining council. So I don't know all of this stuff coming in the same  at some point to mine Bitcoin. I think that's the ultimate plan. It's just all this stuff in between is just, nah, just noise. And I think because he has teamed up with Michael Saylor or they had that meeting and we have seen what their discussions are about, you know, it's only 10% of the mining. It's not like it's a big thing, but the fact that they are being transparent, trying to do these things, I think they're just trying to succumb as well, but it's a good thing, right? I mean, I guess you want to try and make it as energy efficient as possible. What'd you think of the mining council?  but I saw somebody, I think maybe from galaxy or whatever, uh, came out and said, look, maybe the word council gives this like a feeling of like, Oh, you have to come to us and we as the council will, uh, we'll approve or make decisions. Uh, and instead if they had said association, right, just by changing the nomenclature, all of a sudden the people were like, ah, cool. Okay. Well of course the miners have an association, you know, to, to whatever. And so, uh, when I saw that I was like, man, it's really good point. Obviously they're going to change the name, but they didn't change the name.  the ability for if you want to go have a meeting, go have a meeting, you want to go and do something, go do it, right? Whatever. But the free market will kind of take over the social construct, all that kind of stuff. By the way, if you go and you do something stupid, you can't be upset that if somebody calls you stupid for doing it, right? But at the same time, there's been examples in history where people have had the meeting and they became a threat or they attacked Bitcoin and the network and all this stuff. And so it's a balance right between, hey,  science like myself, that's how you get good products. They literally start off by critiquing you from top to top. You don't get praise until you're a billionaire. Like nobody cares. They're like, yeah, this is trash and this sucks. So it keeps you sharp, keeps you going. I think big ones do that. Awesome. Mark Andreessen recently gave this interview and I'm going to paraphrase the other quote that he said in it. But he said, listen, you know, for 2,500 years, we have found that the only way to get progress from like the default state of misery and just despair is  I respect somebody that I feel is wrong as long as they have conviction in what they say and And that's what big ones do you keep using the phrase marketplace of ideas and then the same interview it reminded me He says that we should seek marketplace of ideas not a marketplace of an idea and the S on the end of ideas is really important because the the and he's talking specifically about kind of legacy or corporate media and he's talking about look there is no marketplace  is  upgrade or to participate. Uh, yeah, yeah. Very intentional. Um, and so today it came out new CEO, uh, over the last 30 days, uh, Fred teal and he basically just said, look, we're going to accept the upgrade. We're not going to censor transactions. Like all the things that I think the community thought they should have done from day one to their credit, they listened, they're acting all that. Uh, but I think it's a perfect example of there was arguing and you could say all you want that like the Bitcoins were going after somebody, but ultimately it meant that they had to bend to the will of the community to  is  And also you have to respect the fact that he changed his mind right with percentage of new information all that everybody gets it when they get it but with all that said one of the funniest moments I've seen over the last two years is he tweeted something early on before the conversion and Some anonymous or pseudonymous account on Twitter literally said have fun staying poor And I literally was saying to myself wait a minute There is literally a pseudonymous account on a billionaire to have fun staying poor and that's what I like about us I mean even if it doesn't make sense we just we stick  work. So you can only meet people where they are. And once they get it, they get it. If not, Hey, Bitcoin is a, they'll figure it out. I know somebody who, uh, used to work with, and I don't think they store them. Maybe they do move it out, um, in an investing capacity. And, uh, this is maybe five, six years ago. Uh, and he was really focused on artificial intelligence. I remember asking like, well, what is he doing to kind of learn about it? And like, Oh, you want to know this guy does he literally is going and getting the academic papers. He's going and getting the actual technology and he's reading books like,  But I was like, that'd be cool, but I want to get it after 100k until we go to a million hundred million because I think that's the tipping point of Everybody who has this environmental debates or anything about the price or it dipping 100k is the end of it forever I mean you can't can't argue it so I think it should be over already But but 100k is the end of it and then we can laser-raise until the end of our days. So So you think a hundred K that that specific price point has like a psychological impact explain that more so I think for one thing when we saw 10-30  And I think I saw Stanley drunken mill is a 86% of people that bought the top did not sell in 2017 So they're getting stronger. So I think that's a wild stat, right? He said was He wasn't into Bitcoin crypto any this yeah Paul Tudor Jones called him up and say it's a stand there and they're from what I understand very good friends talking was daily all stuff and Paul Tudor Jones said to him of the people who bought Bitcoin at $17,000 86% held it as it dropped from  I think it's just accepted. I think we're almost there. It's just this last dip kind of scared people out. But we're not worried about people with lettuce hands like Dave Portnoy. He sold at the first sign of trouble. I would hear. But I came back again. Like we said, people learn later, they get it. But again, there's some people that are still new. They'll learn, they'll hold. And then they'll become, you know, the future holders. They'll be telling the class of 2022 and whoever the same thing. But I think 100K psychologically, that's the point. Forget for a second the substance of the content.  I love your stuff, but he accidentally tweeted out the email of how much he got paid. Oh, I did see that. He copy and pasted it, right? Come on. Nah, this is like 2017 again, ICO days. I'm like, come on, man. But do you think it was intentional? Holler at me, soldier boy. I got you, man. I help you do what you got to do. But yeah, I mean, it's just. You think it was intentional? No, I don't think so. I think he may have just did it quickly, like maybe on his phone. I don't know. But if it was, it was genius because he got more. Because he got more engagement, right? So and plus, I thought the price was low. I was like 24,000.  And he got hammered. He was having time of his life. That's right. And it was a craziest experience because this guy had guns every I mean everywhere and at the end we did a whole interview I put up on YouTube you watch it you're like I gotta watch. Whoa But at the very end he says me good you want to take a picture? I said sure man And so he goes I come on with me go help on the back of the boat Up top and he's got like a shotgun. He's got a rifle. He's all so And he said to me he said  He started from when he started I think college all the way up to like all this career I mean again fascinating man super super smart I mean, I think his antics get you know I mean that's that's what people like to see but again intelligent very smart man And I don't know what he's doing now as far as with the case is he locked up I think he's got arrested. He got arrested. Yeah, well he was on the boat when we talked to him Yeah, yeah, I think as long as he stayed on the boat. He was cool and then he got on I think he got off somewhere They got him exactly and it wasn't in the US, but they still got all right. So you recently posted this video  that's like super compelling. Why doesn't the media cover it that way? Because that's who pays their salary. We all work for somebody. I mean, we're all adults here and you can't talk bad about the people that fund the politicians who are on your show. It is what it is. But at the end of the day, the Bitcoin ethos was started out as competition or as opposition to the banks because of what they've done historically. And it was just pointing out things that are very easily Googleable. If that's if that's a term, just use Google. You can see it for yourself. And the things that they've done  doing that TikTok, but yeah, it came out okay. How old are you? 32. All right, so you're the same age as I am. Exactly. And I went on TikTok one time and I could not figure out how to use it in terms of creating content. And so then I said, I'm just going to be a consumer on this one. This is my third download. I've deleted it twice because I tried and I was like, Jesus Christ, I can't, I don't need, I mean, there's so much stuff. But I guess once you sit down and you have your time with it, I was like, I'll try it. Shout out to my social media.  to  in two weeks. We have partnered with Big Give to raise money. Shout out to everybody who has donated and we want to keep it going because there's also a Crypto Kids Camp in Inglewood with Naja Roberts. She had the very first one we're doing on the East Coast. She's on the West Coast. So trying to get that going because again, we see the importance of kids learning this information. How old are the kids that are going to this? Grade six through 10 at my camp, at her camp, I believe grades five through 10. Okay. So grade six through 10, most of these kids don't  it gets ingrained in them that this is what's coming anyway. So we might as well start now because we didn't have that during the internet age. I remember we thought of it as like an option to learn the code, which we really should have taken serious because we could have built some of the Facebooks or Googles. But that is, you know, it is what it is. And we're trying to change that now. I think the first time you came on the podcast, maybe a year and a half, two years ago at this point, right? How has the receptiveness or the understanding of Bitcoin in the black communities across America changed so far? Is there progress?  is viable. And then COVID was like, I mean, that shocked all of us. That was a Black Swan event within a Black Swan event of Bitcoin. We didn't see that. But once it happened, I think that's what got people to understand maybe there's a different way. Bitcoin may work. You know, cryptocurrencies, you know, whoever wants to deal with them, that could work as well. But I think long term people understand what's coming. So it got easier, you know, to explain. And I think the pushback kind of stopped. I haven't had much pushback. Only a few people who haven't even read the white paper.  inflation way more drastically than the top 40%, right? And it's just merely simple things like, hey, if you got a bunch of investable assets versus not, of course, the person that doesn't have investable assets, you're gonna have a hard time with inflation. Other things around the percentage of, let's say, food in terms of your overall monthly spending, right? So if you're super wealthy and you got a bunch of investments, the amount that you spend on food's probably actually not that high compared to somebody who literally, you know, 25, 40% of their paycheck every month goes  Food right that's not but like that's one really big food supplier. That's a big food supplier. That's saying that. Even commodities, you see commodities going up. I see people making jokes about selling wood behind in the alley because this is up what 400% it can't find it and I think those indicators for inflation as well like you just said. Yep with the food. The second one around the food is there was a study that Good Morning America. So the reason why Good Morning America is interesting to me is one that's a mainstream audience too that's not a finance economics right Wall Street type audience.  Okay. That sounds like you're pushing people to go learn about how do I protect my dollars? Because literally, if I'm sitting in dollars, everything's getting more expensive around me. But I'm sitting in this other asset, Bitcoin, everything's getting cheaper around me. Oh, yeah. Right. I mean, it's just simple math. I mean, over time, compound annual growth, as we know, over 200 percent. We know over time, the longer you hold Bitcoin, more purchasing power. And again, it's funny. Starting out, I used to always say,  If you came here and you were like, oh, they're all lying. Everyone be like, all right, conspiracy theorists, like, go sit in the corner, be quiet. Now, the conspiracy theorists are more right than the mainstream media. I mean, it's amazing. Conspiracy theorists literally are just a few years too early. That's it. That's all conspiracy theorists are now, because it seems like everything's coming out as the truth. And I mean, I don't believe everything, but a lot of it is just research and data. And we see that. Like, there's no way we're OK right now. We have 0% interest rates on houses. What happened the last time we had that? I mean, come on, man.  They've been at the forefront of the Bitcoin and blockchain revolution for over 10 years. Their mission is to bring crypto to the masses. So whether you're an OG or this is your first trade, Kraken has all of the tools that you need to achieve financial freedom. With more than 60 cryptocurrencies available, you can invest in all of the most popular projects in the industry, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and many, many more. Kraken also provides in-depth articles and guides on every single asset that they list.  right a couple of times talking about being a billionaire and then his wife being a billionaire and also like how much impact does that have it has to be something that people look up to his aspirational and they're like oh well it's good enough for them that I should be learning about this stuff as well oh yeah absolutely and you know Jay-Z also started a fund with Jack Dorsey 500 Bitcoin I believe fund in Ghana so he's definitely putting his money where his mouth is now his early investing coinbase amazing stuff and I think that helps with people who are not regular investors because  How many black billionaires are outside of media? Well, yeah, let's say entertainment and sports. Yeah. Oprah's the most famous. Okay. But even she's a media. I believe she's the richest. Okay. And, but that's still media. Media slash business. Yeah. Right. Like she owned the network. She owned a bunch of stuff. She was actors. Like she got it. So, um, and I would say Robert Smith. Uh, yep. Um, these BL were 4 billion. It's not many. Um, and, but it doesn't have to be billionaires.  I mean you start to get on this list and you're like wait a second These are people who not only have built a billion plus dollar fortune, right? Yeah, you can say whatever you want about them. I don't care You can say Kanye West is crazy and I'll tell you yeah, but he's got six and a half billion dollars and you don't By the way have you seen Richard Branson because that's basically a white Kanye West right he's crazy shit to exactly just make a beat  Right because that's what he knew. Yeah now all of a sudden he's talking about buying buildings and art and being a billionaire and reinvesting it completely changes the conversation I think and so it's just fascinating to see this happen and then you layer and now all of a sudden they're getting into cryptocurrency, right? It's becoming cool Tom Brady like all these different people start to capitulate and join fully me whether You think he's got Bitcoin? I think he does if not him his financial money has to have a little bit do you think he knows anything about Bitcoin?  Floyd Mayweather to read a book and then Jimmy Kim will say you come do it on my show. Oh man, that was hilarious. I mean 50 Cent is the king of beefs. I mean he does, I mean he's hilarious and he'll challenge you to a fight. I mean can't really beat 50 Cent. I think he actually got the fight with Floyd Mayweather. Like it looks like a scuffle, a scuffle I don't know. Yeah. But I mean that's like friend stuff so yeah I mean it is what it is 50 Cent. I follow him on Instagram and every once in a while he'll post a random photo of somebody and it's not obviously not a very flattering photo. Right? And I don't have the context behind what the beef is.  I had a few people with brick and mortar stores that were sitting up Bitcoin ATM. So I'm setting up Bitcoin ATM all through Covid. You know, most people are sitting inside. I was outside. I was like, I'm sorry. I was like 50 cent get rich or die trying. I was like, I'm sorry. I got to make this money. I got a daughter on the way. So I was out here and I was in at the sheets and I'd asked the people who worked there a few times about a Bitcoin ATM, but they didn't know what I was talking about. One day, regional manager just happened to be there, I guess, you know, doing paperwork, whatever. And I mentioned it to him and I said, matter of fact, you all should accept Bitcoin.  I've gotten gas stations in LA to get Bitcoin ATMs and to accept Bitcoin. So it was how does that work when you go and you install an ATM? They get just paid like a percentage or a flat fee. Yeah, so different companies, but one I know for sure coin flip they'll pay the brick and mortar to house it there. They'll pay you rent and you don't have to deal with the upkeep. So if you have a brick and mortar store, you can do that right now. If you refer a brick and mortar store, they'll pay you as a referral. But just helping people do that. The reason I was doing it was more for the community. I realize in the black community, a lot of people have cash.  Why can I not put this change? Because I was so poor, I used to pour change and there'll be gas money like $30 worth. Why can I turn that into Bitcoin? And then four years later, you can do it. And I was like, I don't know if it came from me, but I'm pretty sure I was the first person to mention it. But it happens. I mean, again, they hear it from one, two, five, 10, 20, 50, eight. It starts somewhere. We should pay attention. Exactly. Yeah. But everybody can visualize so it's all good. Bitcoin wins at the end. True. Another thing that is winning is Bitcoin Black billionaires. Oh, yeah. What is it?  it kind of started, you know, getting popular. Lamar called me, he said, you know, we worked together before. He said, why don't we start a group, teach black people about Bitcoin, you know, the price is going up. It's a, you know, we got to have a sense of urgency. We started it. And I think we've had, let's see, 10 different channels, basically. So we have the Genesis block on Monday. We have Bitcoin office hours. We have Granny Crypto, who teaches to older people. We have, I mean, it's so many. What was the last one? Granny Crypto. Oh, Granny Crypto. Yep. And she teaches as well.  to give it away for free, teach people about it, and we also have who wants to be a Satoshi millionaire on Thursdays. So people can come and earn Satoshi's. Thank you Cashout for that. Also some of our other sponsors, but it's great because we're giving people exactly what they want without them necessarily having to buy it. Education and the start. Get some skin in the game. So Black Bitcoin billionaires is pretty much blown up and out here in Miami. We have a lot of events that we're doing now because of that. What are you guys going to do for the conference? Oh yeah. So for the conference, we have the Bitcoin Classic, the first Bitcoin tournament that rewards  the three point contest. I don't know how many people have beat him in real life, but I know for sure I got the shirt to sign it. I signed everything. I got the picture and everything to prove it. But yes, so. So you're saying you're better than Steph Curry. I was at one point. No, no. What about now? No, absolutely not. It's the best point guard of all time. Nobody. Of all time. Yeah, I think so. All right. Not anymore. I stopped playing once I hurt my knee. All right. So the other thing is if you are running the basketball tournament, you're also going to do this with mansion party. Yeah. So we got the mansion party.  because again, Mayla is here. So we definitely want to have that. And then we'll have a community event Sunday. It'll be in Little Haiti. We'll actually be giving away free books. We'll be in the park. And we'll also be having a cookout, I'm sorry, June 5th with Naja Roberts and Hill Harper. They have one. We'll kind of go over there, some of us for the Black Wall Street app, which is out today. So we'll, I mean, we have a lot of events. Actually, I think this is the most black people at any Bitcoin event ever. I believe that's the best thing  another conference, there's 12,000 people. All of a sudden you feel like, oh, there's 12,000 other people here. Like I must be on to something. Right. There's a conference with 20 people. You're like, oh, okay. My, am I a nerd? Right. Yeah. I've been in those two. I mean, I've been, I've been to enough conferences now where it's like, this is amazing. 12,000 people is nothing to sniff at us. You know, NFL game. I mean, that's, that's, you know, a small college game. Like that's pretty good as far as the amount of people, but also the impact we can have. If we actually try, I know some people here are coming to flash with each other and  100 year anniversary. So 100 years since then. It explains just real high level. What is Black Wall Street and what was the event in Tulsa for those that don't know? Absolutely. So there were many Black Wall Streets around the country as they were referred to. Basically, it was a mostly Black community where they had libraries, they had CEOs, they had airplanes, they had a built up community that was prosperous because they circulated their dollars and they were free to work. However, because of some of the policemen and white men that were around that were jealous, burned into the