 All right guys, bang bang. I've got my friends from Quicknode here. Hello, how are both of you? Doing well, man. This is the first two person interview that we've done in the new studio. So you guys are the guinea pigs. We're gonna hopefully do this work. Let's just talk about the Quicknode story, right? And I think just kind of starting there and that'll lead us into some of the data infrastructure that's actually happening in crypto.  like over 10 data centers around the world. So like we got awesome experience on how to be like on the provider side and how to build global networks, manage like all different stacks of software. Then, you know, there's different projects within that company, you know, with regards to like video encoding, ad serving, we got to work with a really broad range of customers. 20, was it like 2015, we started building  I decided to bring into quick note because as that company, that tech was very valuable. A company called Komodo SSL acquired that company. And as we were transitioning out of that, this was around 2017, 2018, we got really intrigued with what smart contracts could enable. And we knew what Bitcoin was back from 2013, Mt. Gox days. We bought some Bitcoin at like 300, sold at 1000.  metamask servers and we're like, well, this is no way for Web3, which is like this network of blockchains to grow. And so like, how do we help? How do we take our experience and how do we help this ecosystem expand, grow, develop? And we're like, well, who better to build Web3 infrastructure than us who have been in, we've seen the transition from Web1 to Web2. We've contributed to a lot of open source software and a lot of  We probably can just build the infrastructure but too also there's all kinds of things that are unlocked with better performance In terms of actually connect you to the blockchain is that fair? So we basically took all the experience that we would gather during especially during our CDN time, you know, we learned a lot we understood what what latency translated into conversions for customers we understood how to optimize certain layers of the business and infrastructure and software to maximize through you know throughput and to  and build something that people will need going forward. So initially that was like dedicated nodes that helped to transact on blockchain, but that had limitations, which eventually grew into this Quick Note API product, which we released in February, 2020. That thing completely took off. Everybody observed it and started using it. We grew like 1100% in three months. And so it was, we understood we had a market fit, right?  Everyone knows, right? And that's kind of got like the, um, when people think of smart contract platform, they think of a theory. Right? So it's got the, the mind share, uh, but Binance smart chain and Matic, you know, I should start by saying I'm an investor in the company, right? So we've had a lot of conversations about this, um, are popular as well. Right. And so is this a world where like these chains are actually just competing on technical infrastructure and like who can create the most innovation, who has the fastest throughput speed, who has the lowest cost fee,  You basically, you sacrifice some decentralization and thus some security for doing something. But if it's like every transactional stuff, not like all important governance stuff, yeah, you can do it. Layer two is the solution. And it's not like you don't sacrifice much. It's just a trade off. And again, more and more people are starting to realize that the future is multi-chain.  And so really the idea is a decentralized smart contract platform is really important for governance, like you said, right? So there's a reason for decentralization in that standpoint. You want to have almost what I call like democratic governance, right? As many people participating as possible and as least concentration or kind of single point of failure as possible. But if I simply just want to make a trade, I don't necessarily need all that decentralization, right? I actually want the most efficiency that I can gain. And sometimes the decentralized systems are much less efficient.  Ethereum currently is proof of work. It's got about 15 to 12 second block times. Matic has validators and there's a three point system where they're validating. And then the block times are also shorter, quicker rather. And Binance Smart Chain also validator concept with three second block times. So a lot of reasons  you'll have the main governance on Ethereum, you'll have the transaction, like moving tokens around on Binance Smart Chain, you'll have your NFTs moving around on Polygon. There's a big move of NFTs and like media platforms moving to Polygon. So there, again, future is multi-chain. We're looking to support that. We're looking to expand the chains we support because yeah, it's good to give developers choice. When they're building an application,  and like what is actually technically happening? Okay, I mean you just sign up for either free or nine-hour account for example as a developer. You get an endpoint right away within five minutes you'll be able to take that endpoint plug it into your code and you're ready to transact. I think a great example of that was customer of ours for example doing analytics came to our site in the middle of the night four in the morning had an outage under self-hosted nodes. Able to sign up within five to ten minutes they were back online without having to speak to anybody.  arrives and then it builds that database. And then we have these middle layers, like a routing middle layer, which if you're making a request from the Netherlands, you're going to hit a node cluster in the Netherlands. If you're making a request from London, you're going to hit a node cluster in London, China, Singapore, San Francisco, New York. So by bringing the data closer to the users, you minimize network hops, you reduce latency, make things quicker, snappier. And as Alex mentioned,  for its slowness. So if our platform makes, if we can make it just a little bit faster or in some cases a lot of it faster, some customers came to us and like, hey, we switched to you guys and we saw a hundred X improvements in our polling speeds. And we're like, wow, so this is fantastic. So I can say that you guys can't say this, because people think you're bragging. But when I was doing the diligence to research, to invest and researching all this, I'd go talk to customers and they were like, listen, it's like not even close.  I think you might like to talk about this a lot. So go for it. Yeah. The great part about being at the infrastructure level is that everybody who's working with blockchain interacting with blockchain needs a service. So we work with a bunch of projects across the board. Anyone from like traditional finance systems who are looking to enter into the blockchain to decentralized finance systems and professional traders who are  accepted as truth into the blockchain. And there's about a 10 to 12 second period where people's transactions get entered into the mempool and then miners get to choose which transactions they mine into the next block. And what happens there, let's say a transaction is submitted somewhere in New York and it's mined somewhere in New York. By the time that propagates, it goes from one node to another node to another node and makes taps  We then broadcast it to whoever's subscribing to that data. And they're paying as like a subscription? They're paying for that for every transaction that they're subscribed to. They're paying for that request, like to receive that piece of data. Got it. And so when we think about this, you have not only infrastructure, right? Like what I consider just you guys have done the work, you've built out infrastructure. Now I can come in, I can basically plug in through your infrastructure and I can communicate with these blockchains. I can get the actual kind of copy of the blockchain or whatever.  for like large funds who are executing on things that need to have more insights and research companies, to better understand the landscape of what's happening before the rest of the world sees it, right? And so that data piece could be very valuable by our estimation somewhere in $10 billion a year over the next five years or so. And so that piece is very not  if there is this opportunity to do data as well that's really additive to the business, it's not kind of an either or decision. Not at all, it's both sides, yeah. Yeah. What do you think is the biggest challenge going forward? Really when you think about, all right, we've got all this work to do, we're gonna keep doing this, what's the biggest challenge for the business? To keep up with demand. That's a good problem. It's a great problem. It's like every startup stream to have a problem. But it's to keep up with demand and keep meeting customers' expectations.  So, you know, the great thing about, again, infrastructure layer, such a wide range of customers, we get so much data from our customers around how they're using it, what their use case is. Maybe perhaps I didn't touch up enough on the range of our customers is we also have NFT platforms that are minting NFTs. We have customers that are building blockchain gaming ecosystems. They're doing esports tournaments that are blockchain backed.  This happens trustlessly, automatically. How often do they do a drawing? They do a drawing, I don't know. Once a week or something. Something like that. It's an amazing concept that you can do this without an intermediary. You're not buying a lottery ticket from the state of Florida or anything. It's a global lottery that's trustless and automatic. And you don't lose money. And you don't lose money. Just somebody wins some interest. To win. It's win-win. Yeah. And I guess because you're really getting everyone's interest, it's not  gets really excited, but also other people start to pay attention. And so just like, what is the process for vetting these, deciding who to work with, and kind of like, how does that work through like prioritization? Yeah. So I mean, for us, it's all about, we're all about community, right? We would like to build a community, we'd like to support the community. And we understand for this to grow, for everybody to benefit, the community piece needs to exist. So we always look at when foundation, for example, like Matic approaches us, or we approach them every time it's a different story.  That's a very important piece for us because we understand we're not only helping us, we're also helping the whole community and the whole ecosystem to grow. And yeah, that's pretty much it. Yeah, we're also listening a lot to our customers and the customers basically tell us what they want. Customers could come say, when are you guys going to support Matic? We're like, okay, we'll look into it. Like, when are you guys going to support X-TY or BSC? And like, this is like such valuable feedback because when you get enough of these requests, you're like, hmm, maybe they're onto something.  scale apps because the foundations, they don't have the kind of teams with the kind of experience that, you know, quick node brings to the table. So being able to bootstrap, you know, this high performance scalable node with the infrastructure is like super, super valuable to these people. And it's very well received by the community. It's celebrated like, you know, almost like a token listing. Like, yeah.  We're not just dedicated to Ethereum, we support Bitcoin and we would support six chains and 10 different networks at this point. And this is just the beginning.  like outside of like the hardcore development community, maybe people don't know about you, right? Which is almost like a testament to you found the right people to know about you. Like who cares if everyone knows, right? It's just like the people who are the customers, they all know. And when they think of, hey, I need infrastructure, that's got low latency, like bam, I got a quick note, right? And so was that intentional or did that just kind of naturally happen? Of course, it was a great natural progression really. I think it was intentional. I mean, we just try to build the best possible product and, and, and, you know,  And I wish I was older back then to understand what I was being involved in. And now being here with experience, with all of that, to be able to take all that and to apply it here, just a piece of cake. We know exactly what people want. We're listening to our community. We're listening to our customer. And we're driving the need from within the company. And so I don't think anybody else works harder than us. We're there in the office building 12 hours a day, 14 hours a day. Nobody's sleeping, seven days a week.  But we decided like, you know, YC recommends not to start any fundraising during YC until the demo day. Since we're already in the process, we sort of just left, you know, we sort of just ran with it. And that was that was great because, you know, in the beginning, we got a lot of like, hey, what the hell are you guys talking about? Why doesn't Amazon just come in and do it? You know, we don't believe in that there's a need for this product into towards the end, you know, towards. So that that was that was November. By January, we had so much interest in our company.  Listen to me a 50 million followers, etc. Like you you'll definitely help spread the word, you know, like we had Michael anything who was Who actually found this is to stay with YC because we're in the beginning like what do we really need it? You know, we sort of have the experience but he was like, hey, you guys don't understand what it is You definitely want to be part of it. We're like, hey for sure, you know, we'll go with it Then we had like Alexis Mahanian, you know, like he brings in so much 776 776 fund. Yeah, he brings in so much so much experience and every two weeks he  for an investment that could drive us to the next level. And today I think we're very happy with our partners. Couldn't have asked for better partners, honestly. Absolutely amazing. Saltbank brings in so much experience. The opportunity fund, as you know, has been created for sort of the black founders. And one of our founders happens to be Austin. He's half black, half-  for first woman for- HR and customer success. Yes. I mean, she's gonna be like the mother of the- We needed a mother in the company. And so like we've been trying to hire like from all different backgrounds. First of all, we all immigrants, you know, like all four co-founders, three co-founders are immigrants, you know, he's from Russia, I'm from Ukraine. The other one is from Germany, Manuel Kreuz. And so like we understand the process, you know, we understand the importance of diversity within the team.  people are just flooding in. We have so much interest in the business and so many foundations are coming to us and it's like, please take our money and add us to the platform. And I think that's been the biggest surprise for my perspective. Yeah, I think it's the number of diverse projects that are building on a platform and that we're able to facilitate. They've given us this feedback, like, oh, your platform is so easy to use. We were able to get started real quick. And they're just, again, there's companies building  until now, it's so much easier to build a decentralized application or a blockchain powered application. And like what Alex had mentioned, like back in the 90s, how difficult it was to build a website, but then you had companies like Amazon come along and make all that process, like streamline, it made it so easy. So when you think about running node infrastructure, you probably have to go read a bunch of documentation, you have to learn how to use a command line, you gotta go do your research on what kind of specs you need for your cloud server, or you just go to quick node, sign up,  What's the natural progression of this?  changing the code so the person can get access to the property. That's where we see this going. We see, what is it, Bitcloud? Bitcloud, yeah. So social networks moving into blockchain. Every single application, I mean everything from universities issuing diplomas on the blockchain so you can then, imagine you're asked to vote on something that you actually have a merit in.  And today we look at like cars, right? And it's like, wait, he's right horses. Like there is that element of like, you know, you said like title insurance, like all these things that aren't going to be needed. You're like, you did what before there's physical paper involved. Now people are gonna be like, okay, like obviously digital system so much better. You're telling me people literally didn't think that was going to be true. No, man, get, get Gen Z to send an international wire. They'll, they won't be able to do it. Yeah, of course not. They want cash app. They want square. They want, you know,  Then you need you know, you need to go through this whole process and the way the real estate is done there Globally, you could have one global system that that sort of eliminates all that like if you want to send you and 500 bucks on a Sunday, you know in a traditional way the banks are closed you're unable to do they're gonna charge your nominal leg you just went through you have to go a bunch of KYC stuff, you know because Russia's in yep, you know, whatever But it's crazy. You can't even use your own money during the certain times same thing in a bank's here like if  Like it was like $12 or something in fees. Maybe maybe $100 in fees, but like a billion dollars moved across the world any to any point without anyone's permission for a very small amount. Do we know if they went ahead and liquidated it or did they hold on to the Shiba token? Would have to look at the look right? I don't know. It's transparent. Like if you want to know what happened to it, just go look at the transaction. Yeah, which is like the best part about it, right?  during the whole thing, like bunch of stuff went there. It never went to the people. It ratted, it got stolen, and this is exactly what it's for. And Vitalik, by the way, he burned the rest of that Shiba, completely. I think it was like six billion dollars worth or something. He just burned it. He donated most of it, and whatever he had left, he burned it. And he left the message, don't airdrop me these tokens without my permission, I don't wanna be responsible or something like that. But he was very philosophical about it. Yeah, he basically, because what they tried to give it  Wallet and had the whole global crypto community donate to to this cause so on a philanthropic philanthropic level You had a global crypto community like get together and and and like create this fund to help Something you know in a different part of the world like in a day like that just you know, you could try it would go fund me or whatever, but I think this this was just a great example of a the crypto community coming together but also the application  they're doing, can't talk much about it, but I think that's one of the projects I'm really excited about going forward by you. Definitely that, we have a couple of chains, we signed a couple of new contracts with foundations, with new chains that we're gonna develop. We're hiring a lot of- I was gonna say, who are we trying to hire? We're hiring across the board, we're scaling the team, we've got DevOps engineers, front-end developers,  somebody from TikTok and previously worked with Facebook, they ran a sales team there that was excited to join our team and we're excited to be working with him. He's an amazing individual with a great view of what this could become. And so I enjoyed personally working with him every day and sort of attacking different angles of the market, how we could attack enterprise, how we could improve our sales process for developer platform and  what we'll be able to accomplish with like a double the size of the team. That's what really excites me. Like we're gonna 10X the performance of the tech, make it way more faster, way more reliable. We're gonna expand the product. We're gonna expand it into different markets. And now with some of these bigger players catching on, catching, starting to ride the wave, being able to provide services to like mainstream banks and mainstream investor and hedge funds.  And we create a team inside to sort of put us put ourselves out of business before that happens And so they're really smart people they understand that this is gonna change the world This is gonna change the way people transact the way use money and the next generation will no longer be able to You know to stand for the the previous, you know standards that we had growing up And so like, you know companies like that that understand that and we still start early on that they're building something next and something cool that for you know for the next generation, so yeah, that's super exciting and