 The new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of  trends in previous cycles, which we'll get into. Exchange flows have kind of reversed. Last week we were talking about how we had seen a lot of coins moving on to exchanges before, you know, Wednesday's dump. But I think now we're starting to see, you know, nothing crazy, but those coins, we're now seeing net outflows from exchanges, which is showing we're in somewhat of accumulation. And then also we're seeing new entities coming onto the  actually kind of seen a plateau in that behavior. So for some like kind of short term, you know, support resistance zones, I think one big one above us is the 200 day moving average, which is around like 40,000, 750, 41,000. And then also 50,000, obviously, and then 53K, and then obviously 59 to 60K. And those are, I think, kind of confluence between technical sports and on chain support.  accumulation address Yeah, so accumulation addresses are addresses that have received at least two funds I mean at least two transactions inbound so I think glass no does that because by by using two instead of one inbound transactions It kind of eliminates like one one-time use addresses, right? So it's people basically that are buying Bitcoin moving moving more BTC into the address but aren't moving any out and so  But you know in the last seven days, we've seen about seven. Let's see I've down 7,430 New addresses in the last seven days, so it's looking like there's some new You know at least in the short to midterm kind of people that are you know scooping up these coins at these levels They aren't necessarily swing trading, but you know they're just they're just kind of accumulating perhaps Maybe they're there's looking to you know capture a bounce up into 50 K's, but they're not they're not selling  in  it's just showing that a lot of these guys are just kind of swing trading, buying it, buying it at the support at the bottom and then trimming it resistance. And I think, you know, I've talked to a couple traders over the last few days. I had this guy on one of my, I do the Twitter spaces and his name's Crypto Cred, but he's really good with the TA and he was saying, yeah, I'm, you know, myself and other people that I know that are technical traders. We're just waiting for a confirmation to the upside. We're not going to, you know, try to, try to  doing more of the short-term optimization, long-term holders seem to be drastically still accumulating. People who don't care about short-term price movement seem to be unmoved by any of this price volatility and they're actually taking the opportunity to buy more. Yeah. I think it's really interesting because at the same time, we have the long-term holders that have been adding to their holdings over the last seven days. Then when you look, it's almost like inversely correlated, the short-term holders  just in terms of adoption, I think it would be better to see new entities come on. But that's not the end of the world. But I think what's interesting is when we get to the previous, like at the top of cycles, you start to see retail really overtake a lot of the movement in and out of exchanges and volume and things like that. And they start to tick up a larger portion of supply.  the long-term holders take up a larger portion of supply again, while short-term holders are trending down, meaning they're selling. In previous cycles, it's almost like these lines had crossed where short-term holders really ramp up their holdings and long-term holders begin to sell into the strength, mid to into the later phases of the bull market. That's something I'm keeping my eye on because that's not something that's happened in previous cycles where  we're building this stronger base up. Obviously, it's not great for the adoption, like I said, but in terms of the coins being locked up and building up this floor, I think this is good in that sense. So yeah, I think if this continues and coins continually are moving to these long-term holders, perhaps we're in this strong accumulation zone.  are selling off and long term holders are continuing to add. I think perhaps the structure of the underlying forces behind the cycle are perhaps different than previous ones.  Let's get back into this interview. I hope you're enjoying it. And so what else are you seeing on the on-chain metrics? There's some stuff around like entity growth that you wrote about. Yeah. So, Glassnode is this metric called net entities growth, and you can basically just think of it as like net user growth on the network. So Glassnode kind of, you know, forensically clusters different addresses into what they believe looks like a certain entity. So an entity can be a person, a corporate  and then you get net entities growth. That had actually been trending down over the past, call it month or so. But now over the last week and a half, two weeks, you've seen a new leg up in that. So overall, it still looks like it's in a downtrend, but we have seen like this really sharp, almost V-shaped recovery in the new entities coming on the network. So perhaps this is retail because retail  amounts. Got it. And then talk a little bit in terms of the idea of selling at a loss on aggregate versus actually coming back to break even as people offload some of these Bitcoin. Yeah. So this is a metric called Sober. It's something that we've touched on in previous pods. It's basically the aggregate profit loss of the market on any given day. When you see the market at a loss on aggregate, it's something that's  because what we had last Wednesday was really a capitulation and then a liquidation. So I think whoever was going to capitulate, it appears that they've already done so. Got it. And then what about miners? What were they doing this week? Yeah, so for a while, we had been talking about how the miners were stacking really hard, and they just kept adding to their positions over the last month and a half. But what I've seen on Chain  dumping necessarily either. But I have seen a lot of selling coming from Chinese miners, which is interesting because I heard some talks about the CCP cracking down on different mining pools. And then also something about the wet season and they have to move their machines to a different location. I might be misquoted on that, but it definitely is  the actual Bitcoin on the exchanges. It seems like that was a little bearish last week, but may have flipped this week.  like we're not seeing these massive amounts of coins coming off exchanges, but they're no longer net inflows to exchanges. So it is showing that people are taking coins off at a bigger rate than the people are moving coins onto exchanges. So I think, you know, that's just showing some accumulation, but it doesn't look like there's any crazy capitulation coming, you know, in the short term, just based off of that, because it seems like people are now accumulating again slowly.  short-term price action is definitely could go either way. But yeah, I think it's starting to show some promising signs, especially after Wednesday. We're definitely seeing at least this kind of relief bounce here, but I still remain bullish for the longer term cycle, I think. This is just kind of this big consolidation and this big shakeout that I still see is going higher based off of kind of the broader metrics.  you recently launched it, it seems like it's growing pretty quickly. But just remind everyone about that email that you send out a couple times a week. Yeah, man. So, you know, every Friday I send out the newsletter on Pumpsubstack, but then on Monday and then sometimes on Wednesdays, if needed, I send out a newsletter on MySubstack, which is a BTC by WC3.substack.com. I think we're now up to almost 16,000 subscribers, which has been super awesome. You guys have been