 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Barney here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. Let's just jump right into it. You've been working on decentralized derivatives. Before we understand what that is and why it's important, maybe we can just start out with decentralized finance in general. How do you evaluate the space? Why is this important? Yeah. So the way I think about this, you know, I got interested in the whole  you really need to decentralize the financial products and trading that people do. And you need to make those things non-custodial as well. So really, I see DeFi is kind of absolutely necessary for Bitcoin and, you know, cryptocurrency in general to be successful. And so when you think about that today, how far into that journey are we? Are we still just starting? Have we made considerable progress? Are we at the finish line? We're far from the finish line. I think we've made considerable progress. Like, I mean, I think it's amazing to see the innovation  we're a long way to go before we can actually rival that with the technology, but I firmly believe we can get that. And so when you think about how far we've come, I think that there's a number of kind of improvements that you've identified in terms of DeFi in general still needs to work on to kind of get to that next level. What are some of those improvements that are top of mind? Yeah, so probably like some of the biggest ones right now are obviously the fees are a problem, because if you're looking at Ethereum fees right now and you look at the volume of trading, not just  into DeFi unless you're super careful, then that just makes it really difficult to get involved and it removes some of the freedom you have. Probably the final one is risk. Like, you know, the moment there are a lot of implicit risks because we have a lot of code that's been written, not not battle tested. And we don't see, you know, we don't actually see how things connect together yet. So those are probably probably the three biggest. And one of the aspects of decentralized finance that I think most people immediately think is the decentralized element of it. But there's also this element of  doing something with money, you know, that some product that someone's offering then or something that someone's built, you're giving them the money and letting them do that. You know, and if you go take out a product with a bank, you give the bank your money and you trust them, or maybe you trust your government's insurance scheme that compensates you if the bank goes bankrupt, but you're trusting someone to look after your money and not to lose it all. And, you know, that sort of works for large companies and for small amounts of money. If you're a consumer putting your money in a bank and the government's going to guarantee that maybe you trust that, but maybe in some countries,  then you don't have to trust this person not to lose your money. And it's kind of the same with, you know, whether you leave your Bitcoin on an exchange or whether you leave it on a cold wallet or a ledger or something like that. And I think, you know, partly it's sort of the way of this space and the ideology. And the reason we do a lot of these things is to grant ourselves those freedoms and control over our money and our future. But also it enables a lot of innovation because it means that smaller players can create things without you  strapliquity versus the tactics that maybe people thought worked, but actually have proven not to be as effective. Yeah. So it's a great question about liquidity there. And I think it's one of the things that people don't necessarily appreciate is that in traditional finance, actually, there's a role that the exchanges and the the the service providers have, even though they're sort of centralized entities and we all sort of think centralized is bad. They actually carry out that role. You know, they make a lot of profit, but they use some of that profit to go and find liquidity and to do deals and to take on the risk of that being  speculative view of the future, which means that you can issue tokens and give them to liquidity providers. Eventually that won't be sustainable. This stuff becomes infrastructure. You've got to make it happen really cheaply and it's going to be really efficient. So, you know, that kind of VC money and just token issuance forever just to pay for liquidity is going to, it's going to dry up at some point. And that relates to the other problem, which I think we still have is the, the capital efficiency of liquidity. And, you know, right now the, the people offering it are in a kind of nice position, if you like, got a lot of people kind of  for the prices that are happening is much, much higher compared to what it would be on an order book based exchange, for instance, where you're really supporting the business offers right around the price. And so as people get, as there's more competition, both in terms of decentralized exchanges, but also with other ways to earn yield and other things to do with your money, people are going to start to get really picky about this because if the VCs aren't throwing money at them and they can get that revenue and that yield more efficiently somewhere else, then, you know, it's hard to argue why they're going to put the liquidity somewhere. So I think we're going to have a sort of arm  you think is kind of the end game there? Does this become so turnkey that people know how to elicit liquidity? Folks understand how to kind of yield farm, remove liquidity around that eventually this can all be automated and it just is like an automated finance system and there won't have to be all this human decision making and choice. Or will there always be some new way, some new mechanism and people are really going to have to pay attention and become experts in this? So I think it's a bit of both actually. So I think there will  having them invested in liquidity, you're having algorithmic allocation. The other thing I think is really interesting is turning liquidity into a market itself and making it tradable. So what's better than automation by an algorithm is automation by a market quite often. Market's a fantastic resource allocators. And so once we kind of have a standardized way to value liquidity across disparate assets, so you can kind of see what's the value of a unit of liquidity on market A and on market B and on platform C, then you start to get to a point where you actually  between CFI and DeFi are really, really different. On the centralized side, you can take so much leverage that is bad for you. You can take 100X leverage on BIMx or wherever and be wrecked before you finish clicking the button. Or you can go onto one of the platforms like Synthetics and play two, three, four, five, six, seven times more than the notional value of your position. So you go from 100X leverage to minus 7X, to one over 7X. You actually get negative  in many cases, Uniswap is very similar to a spot exchange because you can make a trade if, as long as you're happy with the price, it's done. The thing about that is it doesn't take any effort to provide the liquidity because the trade's done once it's done. With derivatives, once you take on a trade, you've got a position and that derivative has a lifetime and it matures or settles eventually or in a perps case, it never settles. And so if you as a liquidity provider or if the pool ends up with a position and that position is highly leveraged, you as a liquidity provider or the pool can go bankrupt.  start to kind of push further into what you guys are actually building. What are the things that you look and you say, okay, this is what we're building them. This is why it's better. This is why it's an improvement on the legacy kind of mechanisms that have been built. Yeah. So, you know, obviously liquidity is one part of that. We have a pretty sophisticated liquidity algorithm. And one of the things we look at with that is incentivizing liquidity in the right way. And the way I sort of look at this is you should be, you should be incentivized to  you need to reward the early risk takers and you need to reward the people who create the most trading values. So that's one area we look at. Another area we look at is around performance. We think that the block time that you see on Ethereum, but also the constraints of the actual complexity of contracts that you can have are quite limiting even for spot markets, but the derivatives, we think they are just a real problem. And then we thought it was essential to eradicate MEV and front running from blockchain-based decentralized trading.  first launching, we're in a test net right now, and when we first launch a main net, I expect the people involved in that will be the people who are most interested in perhaps relatively slightly less product innovation in terms of some of the funky stuff that's going on in Ethereum DeFi, but they're interested in getting some of those measurable quality improvements. Perhaps they're interested in making some of their centralized trading non-custodial and taking the risk of the centralized exchanges out of there. But in the long term, we want to  These are cryptocurrency exchange and have no trading fees or you can get a new Bitcoin rewards credit card to normal credit card that when you swipe, you get Bitcoin back rather than cashback or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too when you go to blockfi.com slash pump again blockfi.com slash pump. Go check it out and let me know what you think. All right, let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it. And when you think about the actual technical architecture, are you a layer one, a layer two,  and on Polkadot and wherever, as well as using what we're building. And so we don't actually have issuance of tokens on the Vega platform at all. What we actually have instead is bridges. And so the first bridge is to Ethereum. It's very much like using something like Uniswap. You kind of pop's MetaMask, decide how many to deposit, authorize the transaction. And then once a number of confirmations are through, the Vega network recognizes your balance and you can trade that EOC20 on Vega. So we really see ourselves as this kind of in that sense,  finance, people build websites using like WordPress or whatever, Ruby on Rails. People in exchanges don't build exchanges in WordPress or Ruby on Rails. They build them fully optimized for being centralized exchanges because there's so much money moving around that even a small optimization is highly valuable. And this is going to be the same. When you've got a low key use case with not that much use or not that much value moving around, solidity in a standardized network and scaling layer and features is going to be great. But when you have as much money  around decentralized derivatives. Is it just, hey, we take the existing regulations and we just apply them here? Is that possible? Could there still be the same level of enforcement and understanding, or do we need some type of new rules or an evolution or improvement of the rules? Yeah, it's a good question. And it's a really hard one because I think sometimes the existing regulations are extremely unclear or not worded in a way that they can easily be applied. Like you have regulations that assume that there is someone in control of a trading platform. And in fact,  And what you have to do is you have to regulate the users of the system. And the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange, they don't do that really. They do, but they rely on the platform as an enforcer. They kind of go and ask the platform to do a bunch of things before they let someone trade that. That doesn't really work in this sort of decentralized world. And so you actually have to regulate the people using it. And I think people will build a lot of tools for this. And in general, people should want to do this. Most people early on in crypto maybe thought that they weren't going  whether you obey that, but that's what you have to do and your car speeder helps you to know if you are. And I think I think that's where we'll end up. You know, you can obey whatever rules of whatever country you're in if you need to, but it's going to have to be your responsibility because you're the only person who controls your keys and your account and you're the only person who even knows what country you're in. And so which rules they are. Do you think that that poses a problem from like an enforcement standpoint for governments because they may not even know who you are, where you are or whether you're following the rules? Yeah, I mean, I think there's  market or the gray market of kind of the area where individuals particularly are able to do things and kind of ignore the rules like people who take cash for doing building work and stuff. And they kind of just don't pay tax and try and get away with it for a bunch of stuff in some cases. And I think that's the risk for the enforcement perspective is that you have a bunch of people who there's basically no cost to deciding which rules to obey and which to ignore if they're kind of individuals. And so that's not an easy one to get around.  It is going to present them a challenge to work out how they deal with that and what the alternative is. Last question I have for you before we get into the rapid fire is if we fast forward 10 or 20 years, do we have 100 percent of derivatives globally being actually executed and kind of entered into and settled in a decentralized manner? Is it 50 percent of the market? Is it 5 percent? Just how do you think about 10 to 20 years out from a market share standpoint?  very high penetration in 15, 20 years time. As for how much of the actual derivatives are on fully decentralized and non-constraneous systems, I think that will probably be less. In many cases, and particularly for established markets, there's not a particularly huge imperative to move. They're quite cheap and they're quite efficient, unless you're locked out of that market because it doesn't operate in your jurisdiction, or unless you're trying to innovate and create new markets that don't exist or new products. I think what we'll see is the market that's there will stay there as taxis versus  you've learned in terms of the last couple of years that it's really surprised you that you didn't expect as you've been building this. Yeah, what surprised me? How long Ethereum two took? No, I mean, you know, it's been quite interesting watching the last year or so, like, you know, the number of things sort of that maybe happened in 2017. You sort of see echoing and some of those things happening similarly again and some of the stuff that goes on. I guess that slightly surprised me. I thought things were  or, you know, if that groundwork to get money in and actually what's happened in DeFi in the last couple of years is people have shown a, you know, a foracious appetite to come in and just start trading these things and using them and evaluating them in production. I think that's that's really cool because it means we can move really fast and develop new stuff. When we go to end, I always ask everyone the same three questions and then you'll get to ask me one question at the end. The first question is just what's the most important book that you've ever read?  I love that answer. Uh, second question comes from our friends over at eight sleep. Uh, they've got this thermoregulated bed that essentially allows you to, uh, turn really hot, really cold. I sleep on it super cold. You used to only sleep like five or six hours. Now I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I sleep eight or nine hours. I  you're going to wake up naturally with the sun or whatever. I find it much better relaxation. And yeah, I also like a super cold bed. That's the best way to be. Last question that you get asked me one is aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? Yeah, I mean, I certainly believe there's life out there. I don't know whether it's intelligent and I'm really unsure that it's visited us, but I certainly believe there's more life forms than just on this planet and in the universe. Yeah, I tend to agree.  We're in this space and why we're doing what we're doing at Vega and other people doing it. What's the one that resonates the most with you and why? I think it's just giving power back to people, right? Just returning kind of freedom and power back to the everyday person. And I'm not one of these folks who I would put in like the anarchist category of a way to take down the entire system and completely build from scratch. I think that there is a way to acknowledge in a very rational and optimistic way some of the legacy  power, control, freedom, and ultimately happiness back to people and do so in a very nonviolent way. Right. Historically, for that to happen, you'd have to have some sort of violent conflict between warring nation states or communities. In this case, you're able to do it in a very kind of passive way. So I think that's actually a really interesting kind of development through all of this and one that just resonates. Awesome. I couldn't agree more.