 All right guys, bang bang, I've got Chris here with me. Thanks for doing this, man. Of course, man, thanks for having me. All right, you've got one of the craziest stories that I know. And there's a lot of similarities, I think, between what you started doing and what you're doing now in investing. But on the surface, most people wouldn't understand that. Let's just start from like the very beginning. You are how old before you start a talent management business? 20, 20 years old.  I would go to Barnes and Noble, kind of just read music, business books, and learn about it. I landed on talent management because I was like, okay, there's no barrier to entry here. If I can find talent and break that talent, that's my foot in the door. So literally just stumbled into it. All right, and so when you start understanding that, was there things you learned by reading the talent management books or the business books that you were like, okay, here's the two or three things, I gotta do this? Or was it literally just find the right person? For me, it was more about finding the right talent.  or having a really rough time because that was the era where everybody was pirating music, right? And it allowed me and it really, because I understood the inerits where I lived, that's how I found talent. There was this, these music blogs, right? It was this, we call it the blog era. It was a huge piece of the music business. People my age, I kind of came up with it. Is this like Datpith and like a bunch of those sites? That's a great example, but it was more like college kids curated blogs, right? Got it, okay. Where they'd identify talent, find talent and post a talent and you would just go to Discover Up and Coming Talent.  And then again word of mouth kicked in this was the internet wasn't as noisy then and I think that was a really special time So if you discovered logic, right you'd want to go deeper you went through his entire photography, right? You told your friends about it It's also the aux cord era where everybody was sharing music whether at a pregame you're driving your car And I just noticed word of mouth. It's spread so quickly Talk me through when you first found logic. Is that the first artist that you found? Yeah, or is that just the first major artists that the second artist ever worked?  did, but he called me and he was like, you don't have any experience. And I was like, I know that. Give me a shot. Like, just trust me. That's kind of the agreement that we had. I was like, don't worry about paperwork. Just give me a shot. And and it, you know, fortunately worked out. So you see him. Was there anything that you were like, like, this guy's a star in the making? Was it sure lyrics? Was it just like kind of like stage presence, if you will? Or was it just literally intuition? Like, I don't know. I can't explain it. But like this guy's real. It was more intuition from I think me being such a fan of hip  nobody knows and it becomes logic, right? And for all intents and purposes, that's like a zero to one type event. Uh, that doesn't happen overnight. Like what are the steps kind of from an execution standpoint, you guys did to take logics talent and actually make it this household name. Sure. It knowing what I understood. And I think, like I said, a couple minutes ago, I understood the internet and I understood where attention was, right? And had the relationship with all these blogs. And again, at the time,  So it's a way for kids to easily share music. When you post on your Facebook at the time, it would clean embedded in Facebook. So you could watch it across your newsfeed. Twitter did the same thing at the time. So we shot a video for every single that we handpicked and it was low budget. Like I would bargain with directors. There's one directory worker, his name was gravity. I was like, hey, I'll let you put your logo at the beginning of the video. Cause we don't have a budget to pay you. And that was the trade off.  For those that aren't familiar with Logic's fan base, there's like, I don't know, the Drake's and the Jay-Z's and like these massive, massive names. And yes, they have some subset that care a lot, but on a percentage basis, majority of their audience is more of a passive kind of listener, right? It's, hey, I like Jay-Z's music, but if Jay-Z comes to town, I'm not literally gonna not go to my brother's birthday party to go, right? Logic actually has a very high percentage of his audience that literally will do anything that he  we weren't making any money off of it. And I think back to your prior question, it didn't happen overnight. It was what we focused on him. I talked about it every day. We'd say small wins. So that's what kind of got me up in the morning. I was like, okay, let's get a small win today. Right. Because I started to see it day by day. It was compounding. I'm like, okay, this is kind of really happening. Right. So you wouldn't have this major viral moment, but every single day I'd refresh the video and have more views. I look at the streams. It'd be more streams. I look at a social followers.  We did 35 cities on that first run, rented a minivan and Nissan Altima and jammed them and toured the country, man. What does that mean when you go on a tour? Like, like, do you go to a park? Do you go to like a bar? Like we were doing, we were doing probably 250 to 350 cat rooms. So very small rooms, right? We had no tour history and it was all of us working with promoters and we had an agent that we work at the time. Nobody would give us guarantees. So the way touring business works is you'll get a flat guarantee. You do really well. You'll get back.  the way we had the startup capital. So we bootstrapped the business. My management company never raised money. We had to sign a record deal in order to fund that first tour, right? So we literally, I was like, hey, logic, I'll put my advance in. He put me and him split the money. We went on tour and it just worked out and it was figuring it out as we went. I had never toured before obviously. And even the accounting was just like, I look back at it and I'm embarrassed now. But I'm a kid. Tell them the cash story. The cash story is so good. So again, being a door deal, you'd settle the end of the night in cash.  Or whatever so my accounting system at the time right before he went on the tour I had Manila envelopes. I'm like, all right 35 cities, Denver, Colorado I'd write on huge right and I haven't had a backpack and I was like the end of night I'm gonna settle and I'm gonna litter it was like a ledger and I would write everything so if somebody need $20 for weed minus 20 for weed, right? Finish the entire tour when I say I look back I'm embarrassed. It was in that one backpack, right? We'd be in a green room I put it down in the corner and we'd all leave the broom. It's 65 $70,000 and it's just cash. Yeah and literally  get this cash at your point of a backpack. So we literally were sitting there, we're taking out the cash, we're putting the cash on top of the envelopes, right? I was working in full time. So it was all laid out on the floor. So you'd have Denver and it'd be cash on top of it. You have New York City cash on top of it. I was going to work. So I was in college working full time and managing logic at the time. And I was like, all right, Howard, finish up here. You got it. I'll jump out. I leave, I come back. He tried to clean up, took all the envelopes, ripped them up, threw them out. I get back. There's just 35 pounds.  The rentals were in my name. So I rented them from Long Island and rentals, uh, the cars, the minivan and the assault, the motor, toward the country, went to California and came back and I was doing the paperwork and it's like, you can't leave New York state. We literally drove across the country and came back. I was like, well, I'm going to return him in New York. So who's going to know? Meanwhile, they're taking photos of our license plate, every easy pass and every, it was, uh, yeah. So when you do that, how much of the success of this first tour is because you guys didn't do what everyone else did versus no,  product, which again, record executives and labels look to me like we're nuts. It's like the one thing that you can monetize, you're giving away for free. And I would get frustrated because I'm like, you don't understand I'm building an engaged audience. They're creating emotional connection with this artist. I'm not going anywhere. When it's time to monetize, we'll monetize. Right. How important is it building an audience on the internet's one thing, right? You can go, you can tweet posts on YouTube, whatever, uh, versus actually going and seeing your 200 fans in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, right? And being able to,  me, I would go and generally be a balcony error. I would just stare at these fans and I go, okay, this is who his audience is. Now let me try and go where they're going to be or where I think they're going to be and continue to market him. So that's kind of how we developed everything from the beginning. But now you can build anything on the internet and you have that information, right? So you shouldn't be surprised when you do sell a show out to see who's there. But back then it was like, I had to learn who was going to be there. Yeah. When you think about, um, the idea of like, okay, I now understand who the actual demographic is, right?  really understand who that audience was, who else they listened to, what they consumed. Even lifestyle brands, we did a deal early on with Fela, which was kind of an old sports brand that was trying to have a resurgence. And it made a lot of sense for Logic's brand at the time. He's not a high-end street fashion dude. It wouldn't have made sense back then to do a deal with Supreme. It was funny as we started to see it, these kids also kind of lived vicariously through him.  His sophomore album, it was literally, yeah, how can we continue to double down? How can we continue? And from the earliest days, right, again, and where I keep saying future trends and predicting and putting him there, he lived on Ustream, right? And this is a decade ago. Now you talk about Twitch, right? And we just did a Twitch deal a decade later. We were live streaming to his fans 10 years ago. He'd sit on Twitter, go on Ustream and engage with these kids. It'd be 35 kids there, right? But I- Like that's what people don't understand, right? Just real quickly.  those trends and doing it, but also then say, okay, as he started to get bigger where that wasn't really possible anymore, it was too big, how can we continue to double down, then use social media as kind of a microphone, megaphone? So his sophomore album, it was kind of him and I brainstorming how we could do that. And I kind of came up with the idea. I was like, what if we just kind of bust you? He lived in LA at the time, needed to be in New York for press and media when his album came out two weeks later. I was like, what if we did a 14 day bus tour where across the country, we literally stopped at fans  and again and again and again and again we did it for two weeks straight and it ended up in New York when the album came out but it was such a cool moment. So then we document it and Logic would kind of post on social media what that interaction was. Hey, this is Jacob from San Antonio, Texas, right? Jacob's 17 years old, he's this and would tell a little bit story that had an interaction but that fan got a moment they're gonna remember Professor of Life. Logic sat there, not only played the album one-on-one, gave him a little bit behind the scenes, hey, this is my inspiration for the song. So I was going through in my life when I made this song  Let's go back to logic for a second. I think everyone thinks of him initially as a musician, right? As a rapper, whatever you want to say, but a performer. There's a lot of different facets to his life. There's that aspect. There's chess, right? You start getting into the various personalities or kind of pseudonyms, if you will, right? Or kind of brands around him. Talk about just, it's one thing to say, okay, you as a performer, I'm going to take you, I'm going to take you city to city. We're going to use the internet.  cover, which is, you know, for an up and coming artist, it's the biggest thing you can get. It's basically predicting who it's a who's next list. Right. And you go and you do that big photo shoot for the cover. And if you look at what logic's wearing, he's got, you know, a big jacket on three, four gold chains and it so wasn't who he is right now. We all know who logic is. He's not that guy. We had a stylist for the shoot. We thought we needed to fit in the box of the pop when logic really lived on the outside of it.  on those personas and we're able to really expand, you brought up him playing chess. He had an era where he kind of perfected a Rubik's Cube. So he's going to do press and he's going to freestyle at these radio stations. I'm like, yo, just bring your Rubik's Cube. He started freestyling and doing it with his eyes closed. His sophomore album, we did a panel at Comic Con, cause we started realizing some of his audience, it was kind of this nerd culture thing. It's like, let's lean into it, right? And looking back now, I think he kind of grew what hip hop was and what's acceptable in hip hop because he didn't  He loves it. This dude is playing chess on Twitch now versus grand masters because he loves it.  basically built a talent management business, right? And not once, you've done it many times with multiple artists, but you started to do more investing. And I think when we first started talking, at first it's like, okay, anyone who's successful at anything, like they want to have some investments, but the more that we've gotten to know each other, it feels like there's a really, really strong connection between talent management and startup investing. Cause ultimately what you're doing is you're picking talent, right? So talk a little bit just about like, how do you see those similarities?  It's not only identifying talent, it's having a unique worldview and knowing where the world is going to be and putting that artist there. Because that's how we did everything. When you're bootstrapping a company and you don't have hundreds of thousands of millions of dollars in marketing costs, you just had to outsmart everyone and put that artist where the world was going to be, right? They'd be a first mover. Anytime a social media application came out, Logic was the first mover. He built a massive audience in the early days of Snapchat, right? So it's using those two things and as I grew over the course of the day,  from a music standpoint, you do a lot of work in terms of what I'll call kind of behind the scenes, really kind of helping them plot what are the intentional steps we're gonna take to get the ultimate goal, right? How does that play into then helping a startup founder or a company? Because it's very similar. A lot of investors, you have to help from a strategic standpoint. You're not there every day doing stuff. But just like, how do you see the experience you have for music porting over? Yeah, I think I can help in where I think I understand the world the best.  We've talked previously about this idea of like what's the difference between logic the musician versus somebody who's a twitch streamer versus somebody who's on TikTok versus somebody who's got an email newsletter versus a podcast versus somebody who gets a Netflix deal. They're all creating content. They're all trying to build fans, right? They're trying to have engagement like all this stuff. So how do you look at the evolution over the last 10 years or so since you started to today of like what a creator is.  Ultimately that came right, but it was like let's just triple down on this audience that you have He he sold out the garden right and I was big deal. I'm a New York guy and Like any other morning. I'm on my run. I lived in the East Village at the time I was in East River run and I was running through the city and I had a thought I was like 99.9% of people right now have no idea logics playing on the street tonight, right? I was like so that is the pinnacle as an entertainer selling out that arena, right? But I realize like the 8 million people in the city. There's only one  So I think if you have a, but again, the one thing that I try to remind people, you have to be talented. You can't just turn on a microphone and start a podcast. You have, you have to be, there's gotta be some talent there. You have to be adding value to an audience or else I don't, I don't think it'll, it'll work. Yeah. And so when you're doing that, that is, uh, again, like more from the creator seat, what about the tools, right? How has that stuff changed? Whereas, you know, now if you had the tools you have today, back in 2011,  extension of your brand. You have to build your brand, right? And again, it's easier for some people based off their personalities than it is with others. Like I think logic that became natural, right? Pandemic happens and we're sitting there, how do we generate revenue, right? We're going to lose X number of dollars in touring income. I knew the Twitch executives. We started having conversations organically, it turned into a Twitch deal, right? And that was groundbreaking for Twitch at the time. They'd never done a deal with an artist before. And because of who logic is, he can interact with his audience that way.  We have vlogs on YouTube. You go back and watch that entire tour, right? Like it's stuff. We were doing it 10 years ago. And when you were doing it, were you measuring any of this? Like in terms of like analytics or success or like, like why keep doing it? Right? It's one thing to say, Oh, this should be a good idea. What gives you the confidence to keep doing it? Because it was growing. So we saw it and it was like small w right? Okay. This vlog this week did better than last week's vlog. That's positive. Let's do it again. And it was, like I said, the small wins adding up on a daily basis.  reflection points now kind of looking back that you're like, man, maybe people didn't understand it at the time, but this really changed the game. Social media, social media. It's why you can take a kid from Maryland and me building out of my parents' basement. We're both 20 years old and you know, completely get it off the ground to where every single record company is calling us, asking us how we were doing what we're doing, starting and selling a national tour. He sold out three and a half national tours in Europe twice before he even put out his debut album.  he had 22, 23 songs, they were big mixtapes and we got to see what performed better, what his audience engaged with. And I think as he developed, he was always like, it's a talent, right? That's him in the gym working on his free throw, but he's doing it publicly. I think learning in public is something that I advise a lot of people to do. That's what that, to me, that's what mixtapes is, learning in public, right? You're trying things, you're freaking it out. He was perfecting his skill. And by the time it was ready for his debut album, I think it was because of all of the mixtapes  a massive level of conviction in their talent. And then as I kind of had some success, I started taking smaller bets and this is the investing space, not necessarily all in the startup world betting in the public markets. And I was like, okay, I was right a lot, right? But my upside wasn't tremendous because I was taking these small bets, right? And it was something, and we talked about this right before that, Chamath, Pali Apatia had talked about slugging percentage versus batting average, right? I had a really high batting average,  bet on that founder, bet on that startup, bet on that, right? So that's something I constantly remind myself. Yeah. And when that happens in startups, there's one check size, right? That you can write. Sure. But two is it feels like you can be really, really helpful outside of just the check because you've got a very different kind of Rolodex, right? You've got very different experiences than kind of cookie cutter venture capitalists who, Hey, you know, they're great people. They work hard. They're doing what they're good at, but a lot of them have the same skill sets. A lot of them have the same networks. And so you bring something different.  Crypto is one piece of that. There's also just traditional technology, early stage private markets. And then there's like everything else. And I'll put everything else in like this legacy bucket. So there's real estate, there's public markets, all this stuff. It feels like you're much, much more focused on like early stage venture and crypto more so than the other stuff. Correct. All right, so walk me through like, where does that come from? And like, how do you think about, okay, I've got all these opportunities that I could invest in across all these different asset classes. Like why those two? For me, and this is gonna sound like a, you know,  I'm watching public equities are now an all time high, bond yields are at an all time low, where can I put capital to work? And me understanding, again, my work, I'm like, okay, there's going to be an outcome from the Fed printing this much money. What I think that's gonna be is that's gonna create inflation, where can I put my money as an inflation hedge? And then I started going down the Bitcoin rabbit hole. And I went to school consuming all of your content and just literally from reading the white paper to just going  as athlete, as soccer player. So it's a way for me to kind of get that competition out a little bit. Is competition what drives you? Like, what would you rather, would you rather win and say like, yes, I bet on this and I was right? Or would you rather actually make money on something you were wrong on? That's a tough question. I hate that. But I think that's all time. Like, what is the right answer there? At this stage, I'm just competing with myself, right? I would, did you ask me if I wanted,  I don't see that guy when he's doing, we see that woman when she's doing like, okay, well, that was the younger entrepreneur in me. And I realized, you know, a little, a little bit later that it's not a zero sum game. And when I, once I kind of that, that switch had flipped for me, I started winning much more. What are one or two ideas that you have now that you're like, if I'm a founder, if I'm an artist, I want to build an audience given all the tools, given the world we live in today, whatever, what are one or two things where you're like, man,  brand as an artist isn't right for TikTok, why not spend a lot of your time on Discord? I think that's what your audience is. You should spend time on Discord, right? What does that mean? Like spend time on Discord. Is that like start your own kind of Discord group or whatever? Yeah, based around your interests maybe, right? And then be the subject matter expert in that. And then also then pull people into your music, right? Again, music is just now an extension of an artist brand, right? Like maybe Logic is the chess guy and his music is just, you know, extension of his brand, right?  the internet wasn't as noisy, right? So what I challenge myself and I challenge my team, where can we put our talent to where people are gonna wanna go deeper? TikTok, you just scroll, next, next, next, next, next. It's so hard for you to stop, click on that artist profile, go a little deeper, then go to their Spotify page. Now 10 years ago, that's all you really did. And that's where I say word of mouth, right? It's something that I focus on a lot, because people don't talk about it, because it's a metric you can't measure. But I'm like, where can I put  talks about a product or talks about a musician, something they do, like what are the little things that you look for? So let's say you're evaluating a startup to invest in. The product's already out in the market, it's got a consumer facing element to it. Are there things you're looking for in that customer base where you're like, oh, when I see this, that tells me there's really that product market fit and people really need this or really, really want it? It's a great, great question. And I didn't realize this until the past 18 months, during COVID, with selling tickets.  It's the ultimate commitment that a fan can make is seeing a live show. So that is the number one thing that kept us going that we knew was working. Every time we put out an album, you put up a tour, tour crushes. We did a good job. Move on, right? Losing that for 18 months was really what made me realize, wow, I didn't realize how much that metric of ticket sales was important to us. And it feels like that.