 All right, all right, all right and we should be live Hello everyone. We'll wait a minute here as everyone gets in and Get started. Well, how you doing, man? Chillin, um, it's been a crazy week in and a big one but hanging in there spend a lot of time staring at  will happen this week when Bitcoin's price crashed?  a lot of times we assume that the coins moving on to exchanges is only selling. It can also be things like people posting collateral or people on binance depositing coins to use derivatives on binance. But a fair portion of that, it's safe to say, is being sold. So we saw those flows kind of switch around in the days before, especially the day before Wednesday on Tuesday. We started to see those coins come on exchanges. Another key takeaway  look at the age of them that kind of lines up with where that kind of 10 to 20k band was. And then there were a fair amount that were sold, you know, that had been bought recently, probably, you know, and run that 55k to $60,000 range. But there were a fair amount that were sold at a loss, which we can get into. The big sudden price drop that we saw, especially that last big wick down to about, you know, whatever was 30k,  in terms of the leverage doesn't have, the leverage traders don't have as much impact on the price as spot does, which is generally good to see. I'm sure the leverage will come back, but for now it's been wiped out. Like one way to look at it is the funding rates, but the funding rates have been negative since Wednesday. So it's showing that the traders are not looking to go long right now and funding is pretty much dead. And then the coins that  of like the bull market still being intact, but maybe explain a little bit about this energy value and what exactly that is, how it works and why it's important. Yeah, so this was a model created by Charles Edwards. He's famous for creating like the hash ribbons, and then he's also created this energy value based on the hashing going into Bitcoin. To be honest, I don't know the exact calculation that goes into creating it, but  you  number here, 50,000. I set my stop loss at 48,000. So that's basically a risk mechanism where if Bitcoin falls below that, especially if I'm using leverage, I want to have a tight stop loss so that if the trade goes against where I think it's going to go, that I don't lose a lot of my position. So what happens is when spot starts pushing the price down, especially below a  trying to step in and long every single time they thought it was the bottom, the whole way down. So, obviously in previous videos, I've been talking about how I've been bullish and just kind of describing this bullish setup, which I still think holds true in the mid to longer term. Obviously I kind of miscalculated the short term price action a little bit, but I think it did become obvious though that we were going to keep going down  of long liquidations within a 10 minute period. And the market can't sustain that kind of selling, especially when it's very fragile like it was on Wednesday. So that was what caused that big nasty wick that we saw down to 30K or whatever it was 28K on some exchanges. Got it. And then in the letter that you wrote yesterday, you talked a lot about like the first real capitulations for the first time since March 2020. And you even talked about kind of SOPRA,  thousand, you know, a thousand percent is going to do another thousand percent and people get very complacent and stop taking profits. And so this metric, NUPL, it kind of, it has these different zones where it kind of identifies the market behavior based off of whether people are taking profits or not. And so you have these different zones. There's capitulation, hope and fear, optimism, anxiety, belief denial, and euphoria and greed. And so we got up near  we kind of dove into on Wednesday, which meant that people were kind of panicking and they're starting to sell a lot more than they have at any other time in the bull market. And SOPR is similar in the sense that SOPR looks at the behavior of buyers and sellers on any given day. And it determines, okay, what is the average, the aggregate profit of the coins on those days?  that fairly big crash was like 20-25% towards I think it was like mid-September or late September when we were stuck kind of getting the bull run kicked off there. But it was the first time we had a solid breakthrough that lost threshold since then. So yeah, the market's definitely under water. When you also look at the realized cap, it's another way to kind of look at this. So we've talked about  That was when the coins were moved last. And so we actually saw Realized Cap go down throughout the dip, which means the following. So if we had seen it go up, that would mean that the coins that we're selling were last moved at lower prices. But since we saw Realized Cap go down, it means that the coins that were being sold had last moved at higher prices. So for example, if a coin was last moved at 64K,  And in the last week to month, we saw a lot of selling coming from those, that cohort of coins, probably people that had just kind of speculatively got in in the last month or so. Yeah, and it feels like as we saw those young coins sell off, we also saw some movement in Wales as well. One of the things that you highlighted is the OTC desk outflows and why that spiked. Can you talk a little bit about that?  institutions come in and buying the dip. On a similar note, I think this is interesting to note, when we were kind of bouncing off the bottom, off that 30k bottom, it seemed like a lot of the buying was coming from the US because Coinbase, that's the exchange that the US mainly goes through and then Binance is mainly Asia, Bifanex, OKEx, those are more Asian based exchanges.  in the system either buying or ready to buy? Yeah, so following the dip, we saw a fair amount of Tether moved onto exchanges. And the first hour after the dip, we saw over $500 million of Tether moved onto exchanges. And if you just look and zoom out at the net flow day to day, after the dip, we've seen this big, if you will, dense cluster of inflows, of daily inflows. The biggest spike, I think, was  obviously, because they didn't exist back then. So it's kind of a non Bitcoin blockchain metric that I think is important to take a look at. Got it. And then one of the things that's the most fascinating to me is this whole idea that the bull market is still intact, but there's a lot of data that suggests actually things were starting to heat up and it felt like, OK, we may be getting overheated. Now they're actually cooling off. So things like reserve risk. Explain what that is and kind of why that's important. Yeah, so reserve risk is another one of those  low, that's when reserve risk goes up. And so then at the end of the bull market, price is high and confidence is very low. Price is very high. Confidence is very low. So you get these overheated zones, usually over like 0.02 in terms of the reserve risk ratio. But what we're seeing now is we got up to kind of call it halfway of where we've gotten in  Yeah, so NVRV is a very simple ratio of the market capitalization to the realized cap. And so it's another metric where you can identify these overheated zones. And then there's another kind of a subset off of this NVRV Z score, which basically adjusted for volatility and gives these very distinct overheated zones. Neither of those have we hit any kind of overheated  historical overheated zone. So, yeah, I think that's just another metric. You know, there's like three or four of these. And I think the key takeaway here is like we haven't hit overheated zones on any of these yet we're cooling off. So if unless Bitcoin does something that it's never done before, the bull market isn't over based off of Bitcoin's historical action. Got it. And then maybe the last thing is just talk about the volume distribution and then we'll let everyone go. But I think the volume distribution  over 25% of supply has moved above the 40K threshold. And what you see at bull market tops is you don't see a lot of distribution. So, you know, if you look in the newsletter, you see, I saw some comments that it looked the same. I mean, I suppose it looks the same in that, in that kind of the pattern of it, but the actual density, the percentage of supply moved at each of those levels is not even comparable because  it would be kind of unprecedented as well. And also, you know, two other things, you know, the stock to flow deflection, I think this is very interesting. You know, a lot of people are calling the stock flow model dead, but it's had a bigger deflection than it has before. This is like the third largest deflection it's had to the downside. So that, you know, that's one interesting thing to keep in mind. I think I'm a general proponent of the stock to flow. I don't follow it in terms of  ratio, which is just like a very basic ratio of like the network, the market cap to the like the on-chain transactional volume. And so you can kind of think of that as like we're undervalued compared to the underlying investor activity that's going on in the blockchain. So I think that's another thing I'm going to be keeping an eye on because that model has served as a good pricing mechanism for Bitcoin throughout its history.  main bullish and I think we are still in that bull market. It's just going to take some time at this point for the coins that were kind of panics sold over the last week or so to kind of find their way into strong hands. I would say, kind of base case, expect consolidation over the next couple of weeks or so. I mean, this is going to take some time now. I think this is, we're still in consolidation, but it's just going to  So make sure you're subscribed there and then we're gonna do these every Saturday. Sometimes they'll be live sometimes they won't But hopefully you guys are all learning from this. So we'll thank you so much for protecting that time to do this You're doing a great job and hopefully people are enjoying it Thanks a lot. You know, have a good weekend man, and I'm looking forward to getting some Bitcoin pizza You gotta get that out to Raleigh I'm working on it. I'm working