 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Jessica here. How are you? I am so well. We are doing this in Miami. You live in L.A. I do. What's the biggest difference you've seen so far between L.A. and Miami? Oh, it's been so nice to come and get a taste of my old life. I was likening Miami to Santa Monica yesterday. It's so nice that people are happy and they're hanging out with each other and dancing.  So you can still do production if you're in a union. It's just nice to come here and live normally. We moved a charity event that had been on pause for 16 months in Hollywood. And we knew that that wasn't going to be available to us anytime soon. So we moved the production down here in Miami, which was nice. It was like 350 people, no capacity count. So yeah, it was nice to come to SLS.  and therefore that brings like stupidity. Like what, like just what's going on there? Well, it looks like a fascist takeover to me. So what do you mean by that? Well, nobody, um, the, the movies always primed us to believe that, that, um, a fish, a fascistic takeover was going to come in the right wing, right? If you look at film, um, but it, it came in the form of a left wing leadership and that was unexpected. So what are the signs that you think point to like,  Okay, what is the difference between being a pessimist versus a realist? Well, I just don't want to hold on to the vision that I had in LA to believe that it's gonna get better anytime soon I feel like you know a room full of New Yorkers might tend to agree with me on that holding out for threads of hope is is just Holding me back from beginning a new life somewhere, you know, whether it be Texas or Florida I'm only gonna go to a red haven because that's just the only place I can go where  I, it's hard to say. I mean, it's been 14 months now of the red pilling, you know, yielding orange pilling. So, um, I guess that it's just, I've swapped my friends out. I don't know what to say. I mean, 14 months is a long time. You can build a whole new life by then. And that's what I've done in business. They call it rotating the shareholder base, meaning that, Hey, all my shareholders were really into this one business strategy. We're not going to go a different direction.  you  people are the solution. Can you talk about that a little bit? Like what do you mean by that? People are the people are a lot of my personal problems. I mean, I'm, but also they're the solution because if you, if you, so people can repair themselves so they can become their own solution. But also we're just here. People think that acts of evil are committed by these people that are somehow just straight from hell, which is not true. Everything good that's happened in the world is done by  A lot of things were less detectable before. So, but now that, you know, the fascistic takeover is here, it's, it's, it's separated people more. So it's pretty evident to me. And if I think that you're on the other side of that, that I think is detrimental to society, then it's really easy. I can just take you out of my life. And so then I'm naturally only feeding in and participating in conversation aligned with the people.  you evaluate like what information to consume versus not? I know you're like a big fan of Tim Pool and there's a bunch of other folks that you've tweeted out over time. Is it just you're scrolling out on the internet and you find something it's interesting and so you just spend more time on it and kind of consume more and more over time. Do you intentionally go like looking for certain type of information? Just like what, I guess, how do you form your content diet compared to just turn the TV on and listen to whatever they tell you? Yeah, well, like I said, I turned the TV off completely. So that helps. And community is something you build and  No, there's a lot about about the same way controlled opposition just because I'm a youtuber and so it doesn't mean that I won't follow people off of YouTube Just like you know some Threats like Stephen Crowder, you know getting deleted and everybody getting censored so heavily so I don't want to say that I'm gonna stick with the with the platform more than the creators because There's still a rightness and a wrongness that I'm gonna side with  It's not I would listen to Rogan while I'm driving or something even though I could if I was particularly interested So I'm happy that they put the video back up the Whole idea of people being the solution You've also tweeted saying that in order for you to trust somebody you have to know that they trust themselves I think is a fascinating concept of just like if somebody doesn't trust themselves is that another way of just nicely saying like they're full of shit or Do you mean something else by like whether somebody trust themselves or not?  But people discredit themselves with siding with things that I know to be untrue and they're doing it just because they're You know little group are they virtue signaling? Yeah, those types of things So when you deviate from what I know to be true as it's emerged in me I'm just not interested in giving those people my time and attention because if you're a sellout then why would I want you? It's almost like trust in your  perpetrators of this. Is there anybody who sticks out in your mind of like, man, I really was a fan of that person or I really consumed a lot of their content and now not so much. Yeah. It's hard for me because, um, as somebody that consumes a lot of content and got a lot of good out of a lot of people, yes, there were people that it, it really, it really hurt. It really hurt to know, um, all along, I was taking information from people that had no integrity. Um,  There's a lot of writing on the wall and I know that that people were willing to betray beliefs that they they Personally had in their own lives like dealing with you know communism in their country of origin and then to come here and get behind That agenda when they know they recognize it more than anybody. So how how dare you? when I've listened to you stand on stages and talk about What a minute how amazing America is and how there are no excuses to not go and and be your best because of  10 percent, zero. But just like how bad is the validity of the information we're receiving and like that as a proxy for like how screwed up we are when we listen. Well, since I have been removing it out of my life completely, I don't know how to how to pick a number. But I mean, if we're if it's a scale of one to ten of how screwed are we? I mean, we're at an eleven, I think. Why? So it doesn't mean that there aren't still people who are willing to  all kinds of crazy things that if you go back and look or 180 degrees different than what we're being told at the time. So literally the world health organization don't wear a mask now wear a mask now, you know, Hey, in certain situations, whatever you can just go point by point by point. And it almost feels like we're getting like gas lit to some degree as to what they were telling us a year ago. Well, they've established that they're willing to lie to us. I mean, I knew that I wrote Dr. Fauci off when he decided for the sake of having massive  I feel that they had certain types of changes they wanted to see in the world. And so there's a series of events that they set into motion so that they could achieve certain things that they wanted. So when you look at like agenda 2030, these bullet points of, um, you can kind of see the policy now getting to those end. What is agenda 2030? Oh man. I feel like we've, I don't know. All right.  just trying to become more surveillance and yes, and less power for people. Yes. So it looks to me like all the governments are just trying to cooperate with each other. They're not going to go to war with each other anymore is I think what they're doing. They're going to go to war with the people because that's how they can ensure that their power structures are never challenged again. And with things like the internet, all that, we have really too much ability to threaten them.  Right. If I say to you that those people are colluding, then most people will say, Oh, you're a conspiracy theory. Well, it got the word got a bad rap because of course with the three year very expensive lie about a Russian collusion, but collusion just means coordination. Yes. So then he takes a step further and he says a conspiracy theorist is a negative term because you are basically speculating on something.  the end goals in mind, you can work backwards from all of everything that the UN policies and all these things. And why do you think it is that we know there's actual concentration camps in China and we do nothing? I mean, how are we the good guys? It's like we can't criticize them at all for ethnic cleansing. All these things, like all of a sudden I don't believe anything that the left ever said.  that's not always operated by great people that are well meaning. Um, so I'm torn somewhere between that and the idea that if we're going to do anything, why, why wouldn't we go deal with that? Well, if we're going to drop bombs in Syria, then we probably should go deal with this. Yeah, it seems it could be something the rest of the entire world would get behind about maybe we want to go liberate these people. I mean, there's an entire, and that's a, should be a bipartisan type thing. That's not a left or right.  entrepreneurs that do these deals. It's like anytime you do these things with China, like you're funding the enemy, you're literally funding the enemy. Why can't when I shop on Amazon, can I not search criteria about I want my plastic crap made in India? So why can't I give them my money instead? I have to give it to China because, oh, that's miraculously not a feature that's supported. What is the solution to like geopolitics? Right. And what I mean by that is live on an island.  I don't know what I don't know what the term would be to call it a heavily regulated manipulated free market What do you mean by that? I guess I just mean the options about incentivizing that don't have to do with putting guns to people's heads because once now that we're we're a nuclearized world, I mean you can end the world at any point especially because everybody's got all their allies So what are we gonna do except use the free market? Well, I don't know  external governance of it as a market structure. It is a free market. That's why it's so perfect. That's why this point is the hope that I needed. Does that guarantee that it ascends to global reserve status? It, it, for me, it doesn't matter because I'm going to get behind what's right regardless of the likelihood it has of success. And if we could all do that, we could all make the world a better place, but people want to get behind. They, people are,  I mean, I came to Bitcoin as a way to cope with the depression of the reality of everything I learned the last year. So philosophically, Bitcoin is just stunning and perfect. And there's obvious – I have no base in finance. I've had to crunch, understand the general nature of what's going on. So I don't know how we get from point A to point B, but I believe in it and I am getting behind it.  that it's hard to look at it on the surface and decipher everything that's going on. What do you mean? Um, who really knows what Elon Musk's how he's going to get from point A to point B, the path that he takes, um, more times than not, it works out. Does it matter anymore? Like what Elon's opinion about Bitcoin is or the actions he take, do they actually matter anymore? Well, what I think of Elon Musk doesn't really matter, but the value that he still offers, yes, is still there.  the cost of Bitcoin. I mean, we really don't like that because we philosophically know that Bitcoin is the only answer. It's not a game to us, but he's gaming it a little bit. So, but, but the, I feel like he put in there, he would put in his messages about, you know, this is suspended. We're not going to not do Bitcoin. I'm not selling my Bitcoin. We're not getting out of it. It's kind of a, don't listen to what he's. He's too smart. He's too smart to know. I'm, it's not like he doesn't know what he's doing.  the fallout that it's happening in us about our confidence in him because it looks like an attack. But I think he's just dropping the value so he can buy more is what I'm hoping. So that would be the bull case or like the positive outcome here is the price drop, they bought more, they come out, they tell people that they bought more and everyone kind of forgives all of this and says, hey, they were just trying to buy more. Yeah. And I understand that people aren't that forgiving about him and attitude.  negative response in like, Hey, you're attacking us. Let's attack back. Should it be a, let's take the high ground and we want to be your friend. I've gone through a whole range of emotions about it and it depends on what I'm measuring at the time. I mean, my, my Twitter feed is, is a pretty schizophrenic about it just due to, but, but then I realized I panic, my intuitive perception of what he was doing was, well, I don't really know how to measure what he's doing. Cause he's doing, he's, he's meddling in his own ways and he's,  Bitcoin he knows that we use renewable energy. He knows all this stuff like How much more does a human being have to do in business over 50 years on this planet for you to have some? Default mode to realize they they do understand what's happening and all that stuff is just I don't know chessboard types of things But I will say that it's extremely self-serving to sacrifice Bitcoin at least in the perception of people that don't understand it because all those you know the new money investors are gonna go and put their  exchange and have no trading fees or you can get a new Bitcoin rewards credit card. It's a normal credit card that when you swipe, you get Bitcoin back rather than cash back or airline miles. I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too. When you go to blockfi.com slash pomp again, blockfi.com slash pomp. Go check it out and let me know what you think. All right. Let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it. Speaking of stimulus checks, uh, are we just addicted now to the monetary stimulus? Like can we ever stop this?  No, I mean, a fraction, a faction of the Democratic Party brought it into their name. I mean, Democratic socialism is what Bernie Sanders is. So we are calling it that. OK. To deny that is not very honest. Agreed. And is it fair to say that socialism doesn't work? Of course. I mean, how many more counts of it do you need? I mean, whether it's communism or socialism is a is only a minor distinction. But I mean, think about all the deaths and  over the last 12 months, but so did every single person who was cheering this on. And I just have this like, um, this vision in my head of like the historians writing the history books and they're like, and look at this, the economist cheered them on while the federal reserve pushed millions of people into poverty. Well, you can always find experts that will side with whatever side that you want to promote. I mean, that's why they, you can hire them. Think about court. I mean, it's all kinds of questionable experts. So getting economists to agree with whichever  They know exactly what it's going to do and they have to seem optimistic and they have to say these things because they need people to, um, you know, believe this is a good thing. And this administration is going to do a, do a good job for them. Cause that's who hired them. And the most intellectual, it's more intellectual dishonesty, which is why they need taken down. The most insane example of this was the job report in, I think it was mayor April where they thought there was going to be a million new jobs added to the economy.  Federal Reserve Central Banker is comparable to a meteorologist. I haven't thought that out, but neither of them have any consequences for being wrong in how many people get to say that and still keep their jobs. Yeah. Is it something where the Federal Reserve in their predictions of economic performance, whether it's jobs, whether it's inflation, interest rate, kind of impact, whatever, we should adhere to the actual like accuracy of what they're saying. So if you say, Hey,  or whatever, it's supposed to signal something to the market, which sounds fucking insane. Yeah, it's crazy. I would never measure anything they say. I watch it for the, the, I guess, um, interesting insights. It'll give me as to how, how much they're willing to lie to people, but that's really only just a scale. Just cause I'm curious. What does that tell you? If they're willing to lie more than usual, does that tell you that things are worse, better? Like what do you take away from there? They're just like the news media.  I was going after people and stuff. And what I wrote was there's three types of people who create content in the finance industry. There are the journalists who do actual journalism. I have a story. I go, I interview all of the people in the story. I'm unbiased. I fact check. I present it. It's not my opinion. It's the facts of the story. You as the reader can read it and you can determine what you believe from it there. That's one end of the spectrum. That's the only side of the spectrum that I willing to entertain. Okay.  put a distinction on these people is if they are wrong, there's financial consequences. Right. So journalists have no financial exposure, no skin in the game, but they're doing unbiased content. The players in the market, they're just making financial bets. They've complete skin in the game. And if they're right, they benefit. If they're wrong, they get hurt. Yeah. Those two ends of the spectrum. I think people generally agree with, okay, we understand who they are. We get it. But there is a group in the middle. And I actually think these people in the middle are part of the problem.  reward clicks. Truth is clouded. The worst part is that these people are constantly wrong and there are no repercussions. If you're a journalist doing journalism and you're wrong, that means it's inaccurate and therefore you are either fired or you have to retract it and correct it. Even retractions get so buried. I mean, nobody really agreed, but at least there's a path to correcting the inaccuracy. When you are a blogger masquerading as a journalist, first of all, the media companies are lying because they do not put the opinion pieces in the opinion section of the  Uh, work at a very large media company. I wrote this article with them and a number of their colleagues in mind. They just launched under that media brand, a blog, a very well-known financial media organization now has two of their people. One is a editor and the other is a financial journalist. They said, we are launching our blog. We are going back to blogging and they are now going to go build up this whole thing. But they still publish on the main site.  the corporate media. Yeah. And not only are they wrong, they financially get people hurt all the time and they're complete sellouts. Right. I mean, like that's all it is. It's frankly, it's disgusting. Right. I still listen to you because you're willing to say that. So when you see a sellout, you should say that I do. And then everyone gets really mad. It's okay. Trust me. I've been saying it for a long time. I don't care. I think that the part that becomes a little bit further down this path is when you  We have a, you know, a firewall between the financial interest and our, our media publication. But when you actually look at it, that's not true. And not only are they protecting his financial interest, they're also continuing to parrot the talking points of the state, which desensitizes people to what the state is doing, to what the central bank is doing. And when you get into this whole spiraling out of control, you realize now we're sitting here and over the last 12 months, 14 months, everyone who is red pill,  and saying it, then people are like, well, maybe we shouldn't print money. Maybe it's not the greatest thing to do. So then they get pushed back and they don't want that. They want to just squash any narrative of any kind of a decisive alternative opinion because then they don't have to deal with it. What's the solution? Bitcoin. Why? Well, decentralized finance takes away the power they have to do all the puppeteering that they do all over the world and run all these things. And I urge everybody to unplug the television.  So Bitcoin is perfect for that. It's just another self-sorting mechanism for me that's been good to find people who have other entrepreneurial endeavors and sort of dive into that or find thought leaders that are inside of Bitcoin. I never cared about anything about economics, but of course I've picked economists to read their books, to understand finance in a broader sense. But Bitcoiners, because they,  that are running the whole world. So if you don't understand that anything's broken about it, of course you don't see the value of Bitcoin. You would just buy gold. Is that something that can be changed? Like if you just educate those people on what Bitcoin is, and they change their mind? Absolutely. Well, they have to see what's broken in the world. And for me, I got red pill, which led me to the orange pill of Bitcoin. So that's a path that I understand, and I see it a lot. And I like it because I understand it.  and seeing, it made me love America so much, you know, to just see how much the bulk of the people there don't have anything they need. And we've done a great job about resolving absolute poverty in the world. Nobody wants to talk about that because we have all this relative poverty in America. But we have solved so many problems in the last decade.  So that they can be on the blockchain so that they can have Bitcoin and work in their communities to solve some quality of life problems that way but there's there's barriers to that working like if they don't have Affordable electricity, how can they even power a cell phone? I mean we've got a lot of infrastructure barriers to Break down, but we can do it. That's what's so fun about Bitcoiners is is they're entrepreneurial people that have can  person that bought into Bitcoin for the philosophical aspects of it. It's just beautiful. And that's why I want to get behind their businesses, even unrelated endeavors. How do we get your old friends to understand or to become educated or at least to be more sympathetic to this view of the world versus maybe the view of the world that they have? Well, they're just victims to media propaganda. And if we can't fix that, which is why I'm like, okay, unplug the television would, would really help. Um, for me,