 All right guys, bang bang, I've got Matt here. What's up, man? What's good, man? Not much. You're the bachelor. I don't think that you grew up wanting to be the bachelor. How the hell does that happen? Bro, it's just you kind of fall into it. Like my... You're supposed to say you were looking for love. Well, that's a given, you know? It's like I had never given myself a chance to explore what a relationship looked like. So when the opportunity presented itself,  That's my guy. I'm like yo so like what happened like you engaged. He's like I'm like he was acting weird You know really just because I was expecting him to come back and be like tell you everything yeah But like it really did change him for the better and so I was like I took that into consideration when I was thinking about doing it myself How much did that play into you getting selected you think like that your roommate had been on the show versus? It wouldn't matter. I you know I think it helped a lot because it gave me visibility into that fan base. You know I mean  tournament canceled like FIFA canceled and like yo if all this stuff's canceled How are we about to film and then like literally clockwork someone walks in like hey, we're gonna postpone for two weeks So we're gonna get you a flight back to New York. I call Tyler. He's like yo, don't come to New York She's hitting the fan like come down to Jupiter. Yep, so I'm like done I came from Jupiter because His mom had passed away and I was down there for the funeral So I stayed another week and then flew out to California. So I just came right back to Jupiter and  at the house that I was quarantining in, it was the peak of prank wars. We were at each other's necks. There's 10 people living in a two bedroom house. And so I thought it was a joke. I thought someone was messing with me. Because it's an area code I've never seen. It's someone I had never spoken to. So I get this call. I'm just like, who paid this person? I'm just on edge. And then they called back the next day. And I was like, oh shit, this is real. And I was honored because I know the type of,  and national television, like, those are mentioned things, like, I'm gonna have to be careful as to like, what I say, do whatever, because everything's filmed, right? And then you like, get into it. And is it literally as emotional? And for those that are listening, I've never watched this show before, but I'll sell them out beforehand. My wife is a 20 year veteran, I think, of the show. And so I started watching because we've got some friends that are mutual friends. And it's like sports, man, like literally, like,  And that's not something that I was ever comfortable with being or doing just because like I was conditioned as a man just to keep all that stuff inside and not share like our friend my friend group didn't talk about stuff like that and so when I'm like forced to address these things that I've never talked about or Come to terms with with these women you just form this connection and bond over sharing things with people you've never shared before and also being disconnected from Work email phone like you don't have any electronics like it's just you  Like I've had this going on and I think you're more honest Yeah, you just you just dive deeper and you look to have those type of connections and conversation So after the show, I'm like having these conversations people and they're just like, you know Because it feels good to get those things off your chest and share. Yeah the host what's his name Chris Chris. All right. What's he like behind the scenes? He was great. You know, I I spent a lot of time with Chris because During the days that we weren't filming we would We catch up catch up on  Yeah, he was yeah, and how many people you said there's like a couple hundred people there as part of this production There was so many people there like producers lighting sound You have the staff of nimikon you've got It's such a it's such a big vehicle and you don't really have I didn't have any concept of that until I got there and I'm just like wow Yeah, I had no idea there was so much that went into making this work for everybody so when I'm watching  And they own all those cars on property. They have a I would say a car museum on property. Okay rolls Bentley Porsche. Yep, so I was driving the Porsche I didn't know how to drive stick so I had to learn how to drive stick before I got there So I'm in Jupiter like a week before filming like in my buddy James McGrath Jeep like stalling out in the middle of the street like I'm like, I'm screwed like I'm not gonna get it working if fast-forward to the first night I Had to drive maybe a hundred yards. That's it  That's like there to make you look fashionable or what? They got a whole team. That's what I need. Yeah, I need it too. Obviously, I'm not the most fashionable person and I'm all about comfortability. So if they weren't having me get into these clothes, then I'd be wearing sweats. And I don't think that that's the proper attire. Well, it may have made the show even more entertaining, right? They're like, oh, this guy refuses to wear the tuxy, refuses to wear any, he's just wearing sweatshoot. Sweatsuit. Rose ceremony like a velour jumpsuit. That would be my vibe. It's like something super comfy.  for it to be drama and things that were taking place. And there's a lot of drama. I didn't realize how much drama goes into this stuff. How much of the actual show that gets aired is that on a percentage basis? Is that like 5% of everything that happened? Is that 80% of the stuff that happens? Just how, I guess, compressed do they actually have to make the experience so they can fit in TV? Well, it's a great question, Pomp. It's like you're out there filming for almost two and a half months. So it's like, if you asked,  I'm gonna say two and a half months. It's funny, you have your eye on a few, that first night where you're just like, it's like, you have this connection and you're like, I need to make sure that this feeling is real. And it's validated over the course of one-on-one dates and these group dates that you're having. So I would say that, I would say I knew, I had an idea pretty early. But then it's hard because  Whoa! It's like I didn't want any of that and I don't think they wanted that from me either so whenever people would pull up like. Did you know the girls that were gonna be on the show before you actually started filming? I had no idea. Oh really? Yeah no because by the time I had gotten to the property like my phone was gone, my laptop, I didn't have any connection to the outside world so when that information's being released. They just take it from you? They're just like, no you can't have this? Pretty much. They're like, it's funny because you think that they forget. It's like, alright we're gonna get your phone in a few weeks.  I'm like, what the fuck?  It's like four or five times more than you think you really did a lot, right? Yeah, I pick up my phone once an hour exactly That's how it was when I got back so like when I got my phone back I wasn't used to like having to text people and call so I was just and then you kind of get Worked back into just checking it constantly which I don't like but you know, what do you check when you wake up? That's the first app or that's a great question. The first thing I check is Twitter. This is a theme here. I only ask good questions. I Would say the first thing I check is Twitter because  because you didn't realize something that is going on. I had no idea where we were at. It's like read the room. Exactly, exactly. It's not what you said, it was just more of like, hey, it's kind of like a brand, right? They got a scheduled tweet, all of a sudden something bad happens, and then they're like, hey, go buy peanuts. Oh, bro. You couldn't be more spot on, that's how it was. And so now I'm in a habit of like, okay, before I do anything, let me see where we're at. Like, oh, okay, I'm gonna stay off social. Is that crazy though that that's the world we live in, where literally we wake up in the morning and we're like, all right, where are we in the spectrum of  We need to give people a space to have conversations and not be critical about them. And I think that we're gonna find that balance as we continue to add and flow. Is it unfair that like social media stuff almost requires or like is demanding everyone to be perfect? Like is it better off if we just say, hey look humans aren't perfect. Like everyone has mistakes. They say stupid shit. We're all actually pretty dumb compared to like, you know, like computers or whatever. And so like, let's just admit that we're all flawed and then like, let's work to get better together rather than say like, no, the expectation or default is perfect.  I'm gonna make mistakes on y'all, but you know, then it was. But the expectation study is so important, right? It's like if you go into it knowing like, hey man, you're gonna make mistakes, I'm gonna make mistakes, and then you make the mistake, like, well yeah, I told you I was gonna make mistakes. Right, right, right. Rather than I think a lot of people, especially as they get bigger audiences, like, I'm perfect. Right. Right, like, oh, I got the perfect Instagram photo, every tweet has been passed through seven PR filters. Right, right, right. Then you're like, wait a minute, like, you cheat on your wife? Like, hey, you were supposed to be up here, right? Yeah. And you start to like, I mean, look, we just talked about, Bill Gates is probably the best guy in the world.  not grace but the more open to those things type of happening. Understanding. Understanding, exactly. Because if you're posting imperfect pictures of yourself like, oh, this guy is just as ugly as I am. Or it's like, oh, this guy has nose hairs. It's just things that you wouldn't think that someone in the limelight would want to post about themselves. The more relatable you are, the more people are going to have an understanding of where you're coming from, opposed to being this angel. And then that fall is going to be hard because it's like, I knew they weren't perfect. Yeah. Well, it's also, I think, there's this element of  to be that person, then everyone, I fooled them. Right, and it feels like that's actually the bad part of it. Yeah, and I see a lot of that and I try to be cognizant of that as I'm dealing with friends, people close to me who are going through stuff like that because I know that you're one bad decision away from being that person. Bro, you have a hat on that says bandit. Like, no one can think that you're perfect. Yo, I love this hat. I won't take it off. Alright, so as you guys are finishing the show, you finally let everybody else  Can you feel the heat of her just staring at us? I can't, I'm getting burned right here. We'll get that over, go ahead. Because there's so much of our relationship that we want to celebrate and share with everybody and we've had to hide and be in hiding because we don't want to ruin this experience as it's erring for everybody else. So we're again, walking on eggshells so that we're not giving things away but I'm constantly doing bonehead stuff to like give it away. Like I was listening to one of her playlists on Spotify. And people figured it out?  That's a you know, that's like the old CDs remember like a girl would like right on it and give you the CD if you really like somebody you would burn a CD for Yeah, yeah, that's a playlist for him But I think me and Rachel's relationship was a little bit different because a lot of things happen, you know, like we would From a standpoint of like what we did together like we couldn't leave the house So like you're limited to we watched a bunch of movies We worked our way through Disney Plus like Rachel's the biggest Marvel fan there is so like she's giving me  the show was airing and then after the show aired and the finale happened, we found ourselves back, well, we're back together now. When you break up, is that like what a normal person would think of as a breakup or now that everyone in the world watches, is it like something different? Like going back to, like you're still a human, right? Right. So is she, I think. So like when you guys like have good or bad times, like it's the same thing in any relationship that you had before the show. Right.  and there became a point in time where it was evident that my working on the relationship looked different than Rachel's because I wasn't really honoring that commitment that I made to working on our relationship. And it was just a come to Jesus meeting that I have with Rachel where she's like, if you're gonna make this work, then let's do it. But if you're not gonna make it work, then I'm gonna let you do your own thing. And that's really all I needed.  blockchain revolution for over 10 years. Their mission is to bring crypto to the masses. So whether you're an OG or this is your first trade, Kraken has all of the tools that you need to achieve financial freedom. With more than 60 cryptocurrencies available, you can invest in all of the most popular projects in the industry, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and many, many more. Kraken also provides in-depth articles and guides on every single asset that they list. So you can get up to speed quickly and make smarter investments.  We got an answer still. Yeah. Who is the hot in here? And I would say the best thing about Rachel is is her heart, you know, she's she's the most kind caring person Understanding I've ever met, you know everything we've been through everything she's been through she's stuck right by my side and she's continued to have a positive attitude towards everything and It's one of the many things I love about her, but I Have a list of things that I don't like  I don't want my shirt. I thought you were gonna tell me that you only wear dirty clothes or something. No, I don't like things like I like to air dry a lot of stuff so like I did my laundry separate from Rachel and then Rachel did her laundry and She puts her laundry in my laundry. Okay, like not a big deal Like in the washer and the dryer and the dryer and so like that's violating the air dry because now we're going in the dryer But it's not just that it's that she she continued to dry the clothes for three days  It's not that it's not that deep but I like to give her a hard time about it because uh if that's the biggest thing that annoys you then you're doing all right Yeah, yeah, I would say sorry. What's the Spotify playlist? What happened here? So I thought it was a private playlist. Okay, but it wasn't it was a public playlist I mean when I think when you're on the computer if you're on Spotify on the computer You could see if you're following me on Spotify whose playlist I'm listening to so I was listening creepy shit, bro You I mean a bass or nations its own. Yeah, you know  Do you get a call from the producers that like, yo, get the hell off Spotify? You know what? I get it. You start getting DMs like, um, like, uh, some are nice and some are like, Hey, just a heads up. Like you should probably get off. Oh, good looks like, like, and then, and then you like, you try to double down. So you try to find someone else who has a playlist and then go, I'm also listening to her playlist. I'm listening to his playlist. It's like, wait, you try, you got to, you gotta throw people off a little bit. But, um, it was, it was no secret. Did you ever think you'd spend your life trying to figure out what playlist  What's that pasta place that I like in California? John and Vinnie's I love John and Vinnie's their pasta is fire. So I she knew that real cool So I'm like if we were gonna do something like that, it's like Hoodie hat glasses like tied up so you can only see like the shades and the hat Matt How tall are you? I know bro. I forget I forget how tall I am and it's like you can't hide six five  I wouldn't be surprised if it was multiple trips. I heard recently, I didn't hear, my wife said it to me, which was probably a negative thing, and it was a meme on the internet, and it was like, I'm moving out of my house as a woman, post and I said, I'm moving out of my house at three years, my husband just hit me with, I like this place, the dish soap was always full. Like he's completely oblivious to the fact that it was getting replaced. Right, right, right.  cameras and all that stuff so like We went to dinner like in the cut like deep in Brooklyn and I wanted to get ice cream after the fact and She didn't want to walk around. No she didn't care. I'm like uh I'm like y'all kind of want to go get ice cream She's like alright. She's like do you want to walk over there cuz she knows that people are gonna see us I'm like yeah, I'm like it didn't bother me, and then we get outside. I'm like You put my hoodie on like trying to give her like a like an outfit to like disguise. She's like no like  Literally in scooters. I don't know what y'all you guys are all on different mechanical devices Oh my gosh Seth Ben Wilton those guys are out of control like I love kicking with those guys I met him down here in Miami Ben's the one that I know the best I don't really know the other guys that well But Ben like when he I don't know who posted or whatever I saw I was like what are all these dudes hanging out together do it's funny because Ben has like people give me a hard time about my means of transportation because  I wish, man. No, I wish. I wish it was like Avengers. But no, that's how we like, that's one of the things I miss about New York. You know, I'm down here in Miami, but I miss the connectivity that I had up there and being able to bounce from one place to another pretty seamlessly. Everything's like right there. Yeah. What are you going to do now? Like, what do you want to do kind of moving forward? You got this massive audience. Everyone knows who you are. You've got Rachel. I think that she likes you. That seems like she likes you. Some days. Some days. Yeah. Well, only when you don't complain about the laundry.  these baby tomatoes and straw, like I was, I'm like yo, if we can do this, literally anybody can. So I'm like how can we get this in these urban areas that we work with in New York City and across the country. So like that's something I've been working on is the scalability of the hydroponic space. And every time I say hydroponics, people are like oh. Hydroponics. I'm like well you can grow anything in there, but I'm talking about growing food. For now. Just kidding, kidding, kidding, kidding. All right so you wanna do that.  and an artist in Uganda. I can invest in an artist in Taiwan who wouldn't have that visibility without this platform, without the connectivity and everything that you're allowed to utilize through an NFT and the stories that you can tell. And through that research, I, you know, Bitcoin and all these, they've always been buzzwords and I didn't really know a lot  I went to college together, has a place in New York, get to his apartment, and he just starts unloading about how, like what his involvement in the space is and the different opportunities that are there. And I'm coming at him hard with these, he's just like the opposition, like, well, what about this, what about that? And he's just like, if you read this, if you read that, he had an answer for every question I had. And then I did my own research. Shout out John. Yeah, John was, bro. That's the thing I like about the crypto community though, it's like people wanna educate you on, and like not with misinformation,  and you know we're in a volatile time right now there's probably gonna be more but like the fundamentals of why I invested haven't changed and what I'm using it as hasn't changed and As long as those things continue to stay finite then I'm gonna continue to put money into it So I think it's smart you got laser eyes on Twitter now. I got laser eyes all right when you did that what a bachelor nation say about laser eyes they were like Oh my gosh, it's funny because like That was like but there's no dick. There is literally  But so like the pictures that are, they're not hearing from me because I'm not on the show anymore, but there's like Matt Spott, it's like a Yeti. It's like dude has a beer and he's like leaving Walmart, it's like who is this guy? And then so then. When you leave I'm gonna take a picture and be like I spotted Matt. Exactly. Prickle Miami. Who's some girl, I'm gonna make sure Rachel's face is in it. Oh God, here we go. The media storm around that. So they're seeing that and then the next thing I post is like  and just the community in general. So. So the most interesting thing to me is as you kind of evolve your interest, you learn more about crypto, you learn more about hydroponics, whatever, the audience that you have is literally 180 degree difference than mine. Mine is like, if you look on like YouTube is like 95% male. When one time saw that she was like, oh, we got to get some more females. And I was like, listen, it's just like the type of the content really attracts a certain type of person. But you have like 90, 95%  I think that when you're in a position of influence that you have a responsibility and I'm not the chair of the Fed. I'm not controlling. That's a good thing. That's a job that no one can win. You know what I mean? Like I have very little say on on anything outside of my own opinions. And when I find something that I think is going to be something that's going to be here for a while and something that I want to pass on to the students and the families of the students that I work with, then I think that it's