 I'm  at night off the streets of Miami. And what do they do with them? They apparently sell them, they take them offshore. They put it on a ship and just, so my Mr. Wonderful is in some South American country right now. And Vivo, the bike company that made it for me, saw it on social media and said, let's do another one even crazier. So I was there last week designing the craziest Miami bike you've ever seen. It's pink, it's red, it's black. You don't have it though. It's going to, when you see it, I'm going to be Mr. Wonderful, a la Miami.  Let's take a company that is trading mind med when I got approached with that Company here in Miami at the Soho Club second floor It was a bunch of crypto guys three years ago one guy there named jr. Rand said look I'm a Kryptonian however, I also have a great interest in psychedelics as medicine. I said you're crazy Those are illegal drugs LSD is illegal schedule one narcotics same as cannabis psilocybin all of this stuff He said no, no, I'm going to go to the FDA farm a company and do clinical trials There's no recreational use of this  the bank. I lend him 15% so his you know what's are on the line. He borrows the money from me and invests beside me. He gets his own stock but he owes me the dough. 15% so that I know our interests are aligned. This is the first time in history on Mindmid where he came back to me and said I'm taking your 15% and I'm tripling it with my own dough and I went what? Why? And he laid out his case. We ended up investing that went from a 20 million 20 million valuation that we bought in at to now 1.7 billion.  your business. All right. I want a proprietary position. I don't care what your last round was at. I want to be a founder. So you're going to give up the stock, but then I'm going to turn on my machine. And if you have a story of merit, I will explain it to other shareholders and hopefully we'll build this business together using all the tools the new world has shows like this, social media, Yahoo Finance, Benzinga, CNBC, CNN, ABC. That's how companies get to be known, not just for shareholders to tell their product story.  sophisticated technology. I mean, it's much better when it's consumer good or service. But right now, the reason crypto is of such interest globally is the story was told by guys like you for years. And it slowly emerged as a story of, you know, store of wealth, if you want to call it that, or currency, if you want to call it that, whatever it was. It's the fact that investing has become democratized by the Robin Hoods, by the Reddit crowd, by all the news channels, by the cable channels. Business is part of everyday news every day.  to that place and it's taken me a long time as it has taken you and I want to use that power wisely.  customers and say look you love our product you love our service now we're going public you can buy our shares you can buy them online you can put $200 to $2,000 or $20,000 into the company that you've been supporting now for five years and that's this is again another digital you know crossroads of equity and funding and debt to the consumer which doesn't have the same issue around timing like a private equity firm does or a venture capital firm where after seven years they turn into a pumpkin and they want a pref share and they want this  I feel a responsibility. I don't endorse products I don't use personally. I think that's bullshit. And I think people can smell bullshit a mile away. So I never do that. You know, I do things that I use, I like, or I invest in and I tell my story. And you can either agree or disagree. At least I get that mega bullhorn to get out there and talk about it. Yeah. When you think about your career building up the media side, there's a lot of people who listen who they're very interested in this and more so founders are interested in this as well. So  This is how I built this massive platform and kind of made a name for yourself where people were willing to at least listen, hear you out. What I found worked as these, you know, it's a, it's a complex question because I get the same question all the time. How can I get a million followers? Well, it's not that easy. I mean, there's people that try and sell you services to do it. There's all kinds of consultants to try and do it for you. They want you to pay them 15 grand a month. All that stuff happens. But the truth is that social media is, is the great,  I'll play guitar with my pajamas on Saturday. I'm happy to do that. People play guitar like to do that. Just share it. I talk about stocks, I talk about bonds, I get very, very serious about issues around politics. I just lay it out there. And it's all true, and I don't bullshit. And I think that's what worked for me. But I'm very happy to be in different verticals. I can talk about watches with anybody in the world now. I have a massive watch collection. I used to be a shareholder and fender. I can play guitar. Chef Wonderful is a great place to be.  in my teenage years how to, you know, the difference between Bordeaux and Burgundy and DRC and the Italian wines and all the varietals. And I became interested. And over in Europe, you know, wine is just part of family. It's not about getting drunk over there. They just drink it, you know, maybe one glass or two glasses. It's not a big deal. So kids drink it, water down, whatever. And so I became pretty proficient at the different varietals. I always was interested in why, you know, I'm a collector of wine and an investor. I buy wine futures with a group in Boston. We invest millions of dollars in wine.  And then I met this woman through Shark Tank named Annette Alvarez. She was the wine buyer for Costco. The largest buyer of wine in the world is Costco. People don't understand that. All the global wines, they are the largest seller of wines as well. And she said, Kevin, I was trying to sell her a Shark Tank deal of single-serve wines. Nobody could ever reach her. She was impossible to get to. And I asked one of the guys in my office to go to the dark web and hack her cell number.  I got your message. You were rude to Barbara last night on Shark Tank. I went, what? What? She said, no, you're really rude to her. And I said, I got to tell you something. And the only reason Barbara gets to Shark Tank on time is I buy her a new broom every year. And she didn't think that was a funny joke. But you're over to with the guy. I know. I thought she'd like that, but she didn't. And anyways, we got into a conversation. She said, I'm on my way to Hawaii for our annual holiday with my husband. I'll be at John Wayne Airport at one o'clock on  sold in America is sold for under $14 a bottle 97% people don't understand that that's all of the wine pump. That's basically the stuff you buy for 60 bucks. You're in the 3% In order for you to make money. You're gonna have to be able to ship me a hundred and fifty thousand cases a day If I order a cab from you, I need a hundred fifty thousand cases. That's just my stocking order the next day I meet another hundred thousand you can't do that. You don't have the capabilities You don't have the logistics. You can't even understand how much juice that is  It has been wildly successful because she was right. The minute we dropped our price point between 11 and 14, we started selling hundreds of thousands of cases. And last week I broke a record, never been done before on QVC. We sold $5.125 million worth of wine in 21 hours. That means we have to ship a quarter of a million cases in two days. We can do it. But that's a business that's very profitable now. In fact, a SPAC took over  We talked about the beginning of the show. You know, what do I do with this voice? These are products I invested in. I use wines. I make my wife blends the whites. I do the Reds. This is our family stuff. Try it. It's a very it's it's an honest pitch. If you don't like the wines, ship it back. I mean, you know, you can send it back if you want. But when it comes to wine, I've got your back. Nobody makes wine like I do. Yeah. Crypto. I think when we first met three years ago, maybe now, CNBC set. I didn't know very much about you other than how this  They were commercial and we were all talking or whatever. And I was kind of jabbing you a little bit trying to get you to be excited. And then you said to me right before I started, how much do you have in this? I said 50 percent. The lights and cameras turned on and that was the first thing you fired across. Well, I mean, those that was then. But in twenty seventeen, I had nibbled in. I'd start buying some Bitcoin and some. You know, theorem at that time and a couple of other I think US can't remember when I bought  you're a heavily regulated guy and you're out there on TV talking about Bitcoin, forget it. And you talk about as much as you want or not, but like, I think a lot of people think, uh, Elon tweets something or there's somebody who is really bullish who all of a sudden is a little bit more bearish and they call the tap on the shoulder, right? The like, Hey, knock it off type thing. Is that like, uh, you know, goes through the back door conversations and somebody just says, Hey, you know, you should chill with that. Or is that like something that is, uh, kind of more, uh, stated, right?  What happened though if only it was only eight months ago when the Swiss regulated the French regulated the German New Zealand the Britain Britain Switzerland and Canada They'd started putting ETFs out the regulators had gone 360 or 180 when he wouldn't call it right and I said well wait a second I'm an investor in those jurisdictions. I have investments in all those jurisdictions. I'm a global investor I have them investments in all those currencies. I am going to buy some  and I think I've talked to you about this. I service institutional clients and sovereign funds. And they saw me on CNBC talking about my 3% waiting, and the phone lit up. It went nuts. And what was it about? It was about ESG. It was about this issue around sustainability and saying, where'd your coin come from? But they were mined in China. I said, well, who cares? It's all fungible coins. Bitcoin's a Bitcoin. It's awarded. It's a coin. They said, well, you're supporting coal burning miners  Let's get into some DeFi and take a portion of the assets and wrap it into the Ethereum chain and let's start making some interest. Let's start looking at different ways that we can loan our assets out and start making four, five, six, seven, eight. You know, I've talked about this. I have gotten way down that rabbit hole and I'm way deep into that now.  Go check it out and let me know what you think. All right. Let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it. So, uh, let's stop for a second. Just so people understand where we are. So you got 3% of operating company assets, right? In crypto, you've got 5% in gold. Uh, first question is why still 5% gold, 3% crypto? Uh, I think a lot of people who've kind of gone down the rabbit hole of crypto either invert that, right? So it's 5% crypto, 3% gold, or like literally have gotten rid of the gold. So why still have more gold than crypto right now?  and  user-friendly, better user experience, an easy way, hey, I elect, I want to do this. And rather than me actually have to go in and do it myself, I can use this service to accomplish this. Yeah. And so they came up with this team. Again, it's in a different jurisdiction because it's Canada, which is very open these days. A Vancouver team that one of my crypto guys introduced me to, Ben is the, you know, and he's got a great, almost 20 people there doing this, that they're all ex-bankers. They understand the whole format. They're deep, deep, deep into the algorithm.  I don't want to be compliant, right? Nobody does that yet. I don't want to have to sit there with an account and figure out all my trades I wanted automatically produced. He's working on that. His team is working on that. So we put a significant round together for them, a $20 million round. I'm the lead on that thing. And I think it's going to be a great company. We haven't even announced it yet. It's called DeFi Ventures. I'm going to rename it to WonderFi because it's going to be my vehicle.  Okay. All right. But you know, we're bound by certain covenants just how we manage the operating company. 10F feel like is on the upper bound of most conservative investors, right? So it still fits within the kind of bands, if you will. If you're a conservative investor, most of your focus is outside of crypto. Yeah. One to 10 percent is kind of the bands. 10 is up there, Paul. Five percent is up there. For an institutional investor, 10 is up there. Yeah, of course. Right now, that number for the big guys is three percent. They're happy and they want Bitcoin. They haven't gotten past that yet.  recording this on a day that it's been down 40% in a month. Okay. So let's say in my case, my DeFi company, which I'm a large shareholder now, I say to the guys, look, let's put a bunch of crypto on our balance sheet. All right. I'm going to own a third of that balance sheet or whatever I own in the balance sheet. I want you to loan that out and get me between a four and a half and an 8% yield. Now, of course I have to mark to market the change in value because it's going up and down.  And imagine if I could have over these years had a 5% yield on my gold. That would have been incredible. Well, I can on my crypto. So that's really what I'm doing in DeFi. And I think I've got the best team in North America. Everybody says that, but I'm backing this team because I've done a lot of due diligence on them. And I think, you know, in the next few months, that will become part of our portfolio with a yield metric to it. So because what you're basically saying is you're going to keep the assets denominated in the asset.  Once you leave fiat into crypto, you don't go back. I don't want to go back. Okay. Why would I? Well, I don't know. You tell me how do you think about it? Right. So you've got 100% of your assets. You've said I'm going to take three. I'm going to put it into crypto. Yeah. Maybe that goes up. Maybe it doesn't. Whatever. But let's just say it's three to 5% whatever the allocation is. Once you put that into crypto, why are you not going back? Well, the reason I would come back out, let's say let's say our covenant is a max on 10, which most institutions that is max arena. Okay. All right. So 10 is the max allocation because because if you're going, you know,  waiting right yeah no but I'm saying the dip in the price I know I know but but to me it's okay we're 2.4 and we said we're at 3 buy up to 3 because we've had a correction you can't call that that's a correction we just yeah well I mean look in 2017 there was what 6 over 30% I think right there was 240% drawdown so it doesn't feel good right when the asset draws down but it's not atypical for the kind of historical bull runs right which again if you tell in the traditional world hey there's gonna be 240% drawdown but you're gonna go  Now with my team saying okay, you know, you could even put leverage on this if you want, which we don't But I think that's a crazy chicken move, but you could really goose your why are you only targeting four and a half to eight percent? Some of these can pay 20 percent or 30 percent What's your duration? What duration? Well, that's what I'm asking you right? Is it just you're saying hey I want to be able to earn the four and a half to eight percent forever and The 20 to 30 percent is only there for a couple of weeks or a couple of months Like how do you think about yield versus duration? So what we don't have is a long history of what that curve on duration looks like  larger corporate DeFi guys. I've opened accounts to manage some of my company's balance sheets. I'm putting up to 5% of our fiat currency into a strategy like this on our balance sheets. I don't talk about that too much, but I'm letting you know. I'm saying, guys, we're in, let's have an operating company that's sitting with, you know, $30 million in cash. Let's put a million and a half into this strategy. We'll open an account. You'll understand how it works. You're the treasury. Let me show you how it works, how I'm doing it. Let's disclose to their private  That's the goal because the compliance departments are all in that. Let's tiptoe in. You know the concern. It's it really is a three percent number right now. There are some at five. But here's the thing that everybody should understand because I live in this world. The potential is huge. You've got less than one percent of global corporations even thinking about crypto right now.  balance sheet, you're going to evolve. You're going to volatility. The criticism of Tesla when watching, they showed on CNBC today, all the balance sheets that have crypto on it, they're all down because people are like, Oh, whoa, is me. They've got crypto. It's going to affect their balance sheet. It does. But at the same time, they're loaning it out if they're smart and they're bringing in yield that they never used to make on their cash. So over time, when people understand this, it'll offset it. I think people, when they hear this, are going to be very surprised to hear that you're buying the dip, you're getting into  get built and get there. Eventually, is it just 100% of corporate balance sheets or, you know, in digital assets? And so there's digital dollars, but also Bitcoin, ether, whatever there's yield. There's like a true decentralized financial system that gets built here kind of right out underneath of Wall Street. Or is there coexistence? Like just like, where are we going? I guess I guess what's happening is the money is looking for the most frictionless way to actually be productive. And so the reason, um,  during just before the pandemic and during it because I'm worried about what happens to all that office tower space. I'm not sure everybody's coming back the way they think. So one of the guys that works with Alex that runs all their adventures was one of our interns, Heavy Crypto, Eric's name. I'm not going to tell you a second name so nobody bugs him. But he came to me and said, listen, you got a ton of cash here. Why don't we start a fund, a structured product that does exactly what we've been talking about? And I said, why is it going to be structured product? He said, because in the journey,  our cash on the balance sheet. If we're a large enough shareholder, we won't care. And which is what we did. And so he found the company. He introduced me to these guys in Vancouver, you know, D5 Ventures. And I met the CEO and the whole team and I went, wow. And I showed other investors, the team said, hey, guys, do you want to come in with me, put the steel together? And that's that's actually how it happened. And along the way, you know, I ran into guys, you know, Josh Richards, his partner, Animal Ventures, all those guys.  I actually introduced him to the crew at CNBC and I said, you got to get this guy on as the Gen Z guy. Like you're the crypto guy. I'm the institutional guy. He should be the Gen Z guy. He's very smart. I like him. And I said, you know, you want to come into a couple of deals with me? Let's work together and find some stuff. And he's been backed by some heavy hitters. You know, yeah. Oh, yeah. I know the whole story. I think part of what's so fascinating is you have a lot of different worlds that collide, right? So you've got wine, you've got watches, you've got  with entrepreneurs. I just I like finding people and saying look don't do that because I've been there before it's a mistake. Do this or I can help you here. I can help you here and let me come along for the ride and let me bring in shareholders that are beside me and let's do stuff together. I have a community of entrepreneurs that enjoy you know I work all day and all night and I love what I do and I get up and play the guitar in the middle of the night. I was wailing out in the balcony the other day like two in the morning. I know they're pissed at me on the beach but it was just fun for a couple of minutes. You just enjoyed it. I enjoyed it and so  anymore. I don't want to lose what I've got. And there's always another watch to buy. And so, you know, every the reason I do deals is in my world, you have to do a deal to buy a watch. So you remember what deal that watch was from. And that's the collection. So I'm always doing deals to buy watches. That's basically the way I look at it. So I got a massive watch collection now. And that community is a very interesting global community. I've met some of the biggest collectors in the world, some of the princes in the Middle East. I'm friends with them now because  and it was a $4.2 billion transaction, including the debt. There were 10 of us as founders. We had all started in middle class or no money, and we'd worked together for, I don't know, 12 years or something. And then that was a massive liquidity. And I remember when we closed, we were in Cambridge, and we were sitting around a table just like this, 10 of us, having lunch. We ordered in some lunch to talk, and we'd closed the deal. So now we were funded. And I said, what's everybody gonna do?  Northern part of Cyprus, all these legendary beaches. And I did. It took me three years. And at the end of it, I was born out of my fucking mind. I mean, I just said, this sucks. It was depressing. This is it. This is all I do is go to beaches and sit there and get drunk. It's just boring. And I got back in the game. I mean, I just got I started doing deals like crazy and I put my capital work. I became an investor, not an operator. I made some great scores. I made some catastrophic failures.  Yes, just got announced 13 seasons. I mean, you know, nobody can believe what happened there. Like nobody, nobody. I have another show.