 The  Leonardo DiCaprio was based, his character was based on the real Frank Abagnale. Okay. I've seen a Google talk by Frank Abagnale. It's very good. Highly, highly suggest it. Um, but he's got kind of a crazy story. He was basically a criminal and then ended up helping the government. He was a con man of all con men. He was an impersonator. So before he was the king of the con con men. Yes. Okay. But it was funny because you want to say like, Oh yeah, he was like a con man. Whatever. He was a 16 year old kid. He was just,  after his parents had a devastating divorce and he ran away from home. When you run away from home at age 16, thank you. When you run away from home at age 16, you need to figure out how to make money. He figured out quickly that he, stop it. I'm fixing your microphone, go ahead. He didn't kind of aim to become one of the most famous impostors ever, but he ended up, like he was forging checks  I put on a suit and tie. I can enter this fancy party. I can meet some people. I can just observe them. He would literally go to the lobby and observe attorneys and see how they acted and then impersonate them. So when you think about studying a criminal, it's not exactly the person I would think that you would go and learn something from. What did you think you learned from him? I learned a lot. Okay. And, um, if you've seen the movie, catch me if you can, you know, that eventually, um, he gets caught by the FBI.  And I'm assuming he caught a lot of people. He did. I'm sure. I don't know the extent of it. Yeah. Um, did he go to jail? He went to jail in France, but I think he was in the US. They're like, you don't have to go to jail. We have to switch teams. Yes. Wow. I don't know how I feel about that. Why? Like if you were a criminal, even if you're helping the government out, do you just not go to jail at all? Again, like he didn't kill people. It's not like he was like a murderer who suddenly is like, Oh, I'm going to help the government.  of how Frank Abagnale would run away from the police. So he, I forget, there was, oh, okay, okay, okay. He managed to escape from police custody twice, once from a taxiing airliner and once from a US federal penitentiary. But how did he do it? Oh, long story, you gotta go read it. Oh, okay. All right, let's move on to the next person, Dolly Parton. We didn't get to the lesson I learned from you. Okay, what was lesson?  enough attention to the shoes, to the way they carry themselves to know. So actually, you're much, why are you laughing at me? The only drug dealers that wear suits and ties are pharmaceutical representatives. Anyway, but he's able to say like, you're very likely to get scammed and conned because you don't pay enough attention. So if you start paying attention, you might not be the victim of a con.  in public. She's all it's all a charade when everybody else is playing checkers. How do you so good? She's so she couldn't beat me in chess book. Go ahead. She's so good. So first of all, what you need to know about Dolly partner, she was born in extreme poverty. She was one of 12 kids born in a one bedroom log cabin in the mountains of Tennessee. And, um, and, and she grew up without electricity. Think about 12 kids in a one bedroom log cabin in Tennessee. Sounds like they had a lot of fun. And when she moved to Tennessee,  Yeah, and um, and they told her Dolly she was like, oh, by the way, I'm gonna get married and they're like, no, you're not you have this like sex appeal you're gonna play into this image Basically, your career is gonna be over if you get married and like men can't like, you know Fantasize like you're single you have sex appeal whatever and she was like, okay And then she didn't tell anybody they got secretly married at the courthouse in a year later She went back and they were like, oh, no, you can't get married like whatever  or whatever and she'll say, I may be fake, but I'm real in all the places that matter. And she'll kind of, she's already expecting it and she tosses it back to them. And the whole point is you can only feel shame if you allow them to shame you. She doesn't care. Is it fair to say that most famous, successful people did not get lucky and they're actually very, very intelligent and know exactly what they're doing? Yes.  philanthropic. She, because her dad didn't know how to read, she started an organization called the Imagination Library in 1995. Today her program spans five countries, five countries and gifts over one million free books each month to kids around the world. And to date, she's donated more than 140 million books. Wow. 140 million books. Yeah. That's wild. To kids all around the world. All right. What'd you learn from her?  And she said, no, that's not fair. I wrote it. I sang it. It's my song. And she wouldn't budge on the position so they couldn't come to terms. And she said, no. And people were like, wow, like, my God, she's a woman. She should be honored that Elvis Presley wants to record her song. And here's what she said. She said, I never thought of it as being about being a man or a woman. I thought about it as being an artist. I thought about it as being an artist. I thought about it as being an artist. I thought about it as being an artist. I thought about it as being an artist.  associate that song with her as long as I'm still making the money. So as long as Dolly Parton's getting paid, she don't get who gets the credit. I mean, she's focused on the right thing for the most part. Because when you hear that song, you think of Whitney Houston, not Dolly Parton. But Dolly Parton, the Savage, is the one who actually made it. I love it. All right, next, speaking of opportunistic person, Kris Jenner, who I actually think is probably one of the most intelligent business people on the planet, is the mother  Okay. I'm not going to get into the family dynamics. Six children, six children. I wrote it out. What did she do before she became that person that people know now? Sorry. What did she do before she, okay. So she has kind of a complicated life. Um, she was 17 years old when she started dating Robert Kardashian, who was a successful attorney, 11 years older at the time, right? Okay. So we got 12,  a much more appropriate age. Um, and then eight years later she realized she was a housewife with four kids. So she had a little affair with a soccer player. So then her and Robert, after he found out, so Chris Jenner cheated on her husband. Right. Okay. So then her husband, Robert Kardashian found out and they went to a really ugly public divorce in which he canceled her credit cards and left her broken alone. So suddenly he went from a rich housewife. He was famous and she wasn't.  star. He wasn't. So, so she ended up becoming, she was bored, right? So she ended up becoming Bruce's agent, literally putting together like these like press packets and sending them to press and being like, he's an Olympian. Like if you have a speaking gig at your conference, he'll come speak. So she ended up making him a lot of money that way. Were they hooking up then? Yeah, they, they met on a blind date, got married shortly thereafter. And then she like started helping them. Oh wow. She married him actually a month after her divorce was finalized. Yeah. Um, sorry.  really wanted to be like into fashion and they wanted to open up stores in LA, whatever. And, um, let's not fool ourselves. Nothing pops off till Kim has a sex tape. Well, so they get a TV deal and then, Oh, they got the TV deal before the sex tape. Yes. Interesting. Yes. And then the sex tape came out and here's what, how one New York times columnist put it as a parent, Chris Jenner was concerned for her daughter, but it's her main  go from sex tape to billionaire as hard as you try to do that. Is Chris Jenner a billionaire? I don't think so. No, she takes 20% is 10% I think I heard. I think it was 10%. Is it 10%? Pretty sure. Yes. 10%. She takes a 10% cut from each of her children's earnings. 10% is not that bad. Yeah. She says the industry average is 20%, which is why I remembered it, but got it. Yeah. So she takes 10 because they're her kids. So it's like a family friend's discount. Yeah.  of this, you know, Robert Kardashian, she found herself at parties, at concerts, at ballets, operas, around these really successful business people. And so she learned from them. She overheard things. She asked questions and she said, I got married to Robert Kardashian when I was 22 years old. Everybody that I was surrounded by for two decades was at the top of their game in the entertainment business. So she literally had a front row seat to someone like the brightest minds in entertainment. Whether you like it or not, you're going to pick up on things. And if you're smart,  themselves the victim ever. Like they always kind of in the most like crises of crises. I mean, Kim Kardashian got robbed at gunpoint in France, sex tape, robberies, of all the things conversions of they're never on the side of victim. They're always somehow and that's like a knock against, you know, Chris Jenner is like, Oh, it's always a business opportunity. But I don't think so. I think like she talks about like I'm a mom first, but then I'm not going to let my kid just wallow in this and like, you know, lose sight of what's important.  in the show they don't make them for a while Kanye wanted to be in it then he was like no I don't want to be in it anymore fine they don't even talk about him and when Kim was going through the divorce in this season they kept it out like they showed her on the phone they showed showed her upset but they never kind of like aired their dirty laundry and even in a family that public to have some privacy I think is really interesting Kanye West is still right I'm sure that they're screwing them somehow it's they're colluding  I'm an investor in the business and a very happy user. I think you will be too. When you go to blockfi.com slash pump again, blockfi.com slash pump, go check it out and let me know what you think. All right, let's get back into this conversation. I hope you enjoy it. All right, Daniel Eck. Daniel Eck is the Spotify founder and CEO, uh, incredibly intelligent, uh, has built a amazing business in the audio space. Now going really heavy into podcasting went on an hour and a half.  You're genuinely fascinating. You're not bothering me whatsoever whether you think I'm fascinating or not. Right now you have very closed off body language. So I'm just saying. All right. So Daniel, listen, there's other people in the room right now. Don't make me shut this podcast off and we can open up your body language. Like we're here to chat. No, we're not here. We are on a timer. Let's go. You're pontificating on things that don't matter. In 2006, Daniel  in Sweden, right? But because it was thriving, it was thriving in Sweden because of government mandated broadband and the country had one of the fastest internet speeds in the world, which allowed people to easily download songs and stuff on the internet in seconds. But Daniel, like a smart and he realized, wait a second, but that's not, that's not true for the rest of the world. If you're in the U S and you want to download some sketchy muse or not sketchy, you want to download music off of  that feeling will have built something much better than privacy. So anyway, so basically he said that if he could offer something really fast in people would be able to press play and it would play immediately, then people would be willing to pay for it. Okay. What do you think is the biggest lesson you learned from him? Ooh. Um, okay. So I think the biggest lesson and one that I've actually thought about in my daily life,  your own other people's time. But if you're a maker, you devote long chunks of time to work on creative problem. And they generally prefer to use time in units of half a day that allow them to work on longer term meteor initiatives, then have them sliced up in little chunks. So that's how he schedules his day and every meeting he walks into, he knows the exact role he is playing. And he knows, you know, what do you need from me in this meeting? He likes to know that in advance when he goes in, he can make decisions.  the line. Well, but Apple just launched that sleek new. So do you think Spotify podcasts? No music. Yes. Okay. I actually have a nuanced answer. Spotify will continue to grab more and more of the podcast market share, but they will never be able to unseat Apple. Agree. Agree. Yeah. All right. Next. One of my favorite people in the world of business, Mr. Tyler Perry, also known as Madia.  that I like about Tyler Perry though is that he owns, it was called Tyler Perry enterprise, I think he owns a hundred percent, no investors, all him, billion dollars alone just through that. He has amassed one of the most valuable individually owned libraries in Hollywood. Really? That happened because a bunch of people, when he was creating these plays and these movies, people would turn him down and he was like, okay, fine. Well, I'll own a hundred percent. Then like he had no choice but to own  in the US, it is a 330 acre former Confederate army base that now houses 12 sound sages, each of which is named after an iconic African American figure. And he shot. That's awesome. The first movie he shot there was Black Panther. It's cool. I mean, he just gets it, right? And you can just tell he's doing things his own way. Yeah. And it feels like that's why he's so successful. Yeah. Um, so, so I like him because, you know, when people are like, who is  have an entire episode on Oprah Winfrey, probably one of the best podcast episodes I've ever listened to. They do a really, really good job with it. And, and the reason I like that is because that's the whole premise of the profile. You don't actually have to know the people you learn from. You can still learn from their mistakes, their failures, and their successes just by studying them. Do you feel like Tyler Perry would be more successful or less successful if he was starting today, given the internet and digital media?  And and by the way, the only thing I know about him before you went and did this was if you've ever seen the movie hardball You ever seen it? No hardball. He basically is a coach He goes and he coaches like an inner city Baseball team and at one point he literally is in the dugout and he starts singing Big Papa and he starts waving his hands. He didn't know him from the matrix. Nah I don't watch that stuff. I do the matrix. So I watch the matrix you sat down  He is known for doing these random acts of kindness. So there's a video on the internet viral video of him seeing a woman with a large bag and he got up from his seat on the subway, which he rides, even though he's worth like $300 million. He gets up, offers her the seat. She sits down. He just like acts like nothing ever happened. Another time he was caught for hours hanging out with a homeless man and just like chilling, telling stories.  And he does much bigger acts of kindness. And I believe it's because of all the tragedy that he's been through. What tragedy? So when he was not, so first of all, he had dyslexia. He always struggled in school. When he was nine, his dad left the family. He was raised by his mom and he grew up with a sister. Then his sister got leukemia. Then when he grew up, things were just starting to go his way. Like the matrix was doing really well. And then, um,  hospitals and research and all that kind of stuff. And, uh, and then he's also known for, for example, um, the matrix series, he gave up a percentage of the profits that he was getting to give them to the costume design team and the special effects team. Cause he's like, they're the ones who made the movie. I didn't make the movie. They deserve to be paid profits off the, uh, off the series too. He did that. He shaved his salary by a few million.  So why are you like not public about, you know, um, or she, she said something like, are you not public about, uh, the fact that you make donations to children's cancer hospitals? Uh, because, uh, you know, you're, I forget what the question was like, because you, you, you want people to find out in like a PR room. He goes, no, I do it because it's private and that's why I don't attach my name to it. Like it has nothing to do with PR or publicity or anything like that. It was just such a, I don't know. I just really like him.  So his father leaving, his father also got arrested for like heroin and cocaine, spent a bunch of time in prison. Um, that really affected him. And every time in every interview people ask him about it. So, uh, every time he responds, so for example, this in this profile, they asked about how his father's absence affected him. And he said, gosh, in so many ways, I'm not filling that in. I'm not. And he never talks about his child.  pull it out two hands and be like red pill, blue pill and see what the, the, the journalist said. All right. What's your favorite part about doing these a profile docies? My favorite thing is trying to understand people without ever meeting them. And I do that by, um, well, first of all, a lot of observation, you'd be surprised at how much you can learn about someone by watching them. So there's a ton of videos of these people giving  So you're kind of like putting on a show for him. It's consistently. I will not speak about my private life. Um, and I just really like people. Okay. Read the profile.com. Yes. Now that we've been in Miami, I've what, what's your favorite thing about the profile? I just like learning. I, you do all the work and then I get to take away all the lessons. It's like the best thing ever. Literally. And for those that are confused, I'm a paying member of the  Amazing. Readtheprofile.com. Leave everyone with one pro and one con of Miami before we go. You have to pick one positive and one negative so far of living in Miami. One pro is that I've been pleasantly surprised at the caliber of conversation and people that are in Miami. I've already made so many friends and like real friends, not just fake friends. And then con.