 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Felix here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Hey, man. Thanks for having me. Of course. Let's just jump right into your background. What did you do before crypto? Yeah, so I mean, I've been a trader since 2012. Back then was like equities, derivatives. I did my first Bitcoin analysis in like 2014. Back then, I had some buddies in college that were, you know, like tell me about this new thing, Bitcoin that we're trading, you know, during the whole Mt. Gox hype. And  with normal people. And we had kind of like a dual model where we're both like kind of a Kickstarter, but also equity fraud funding. And we wanted to accept Bitcoin because there was a lot of like South Americans had reached out to us like, Hey, we love this stuff if we can use Bitcoin. So, and that put crypto on my kind of radar on my front and center. And I dove more into it, started like, you know, watching Andres, Tenobolo stuff. And I just, you know, fell down the rabbit hole, like everybody that kind of coincided with when my co-founder started like suing each other. They like didn't get along. There's some money issues or whatever. And then I was like, well, you know,  I said, hey, there's so much more here. This isn't over. This is a time when I want to double down instead of leaving the industry. Yeah. And so what did you do to double down when you, uh, when you decided that? Yeah. So, so 2018, I made two decisions. One, I said, Hey, I want you to get out of my hometown, so to say, and go somewhere where I can network better, which was LA at the time. So, because back then there was a lot of stuff happening in LA, you know, for better or worse, EOS was happening mostly in LA. Um, you know, there was like spank chain, there was, um, I repeated just a good ecosystem at the time. And then secondly,  and all the paperwork that comes with it. But then I was like, 10 million? You're being stupid. Next day, call it like Google how to start a hedge fund. And I find some attorney numbers, call them up, get that consultation. First guy I liked, sent them the wire and off the road we were. Sounded a lot easier than it was. There was a lot more that came. And yeah, so that's kind of how it started. And then I said, this is a time where I will be building the infrastructure for the next five years, the next 10 years. So because ultimately,  strip malls turns to ghost malls where you'd go to strip mall one day and then you go there two months later and half the stores are gone. Right. I mean, I remember moving there. We had the like linens and things was something where we get like our bath where and whatever that was gone. Chain went bankrupt. You know, bank blockbuster was still around when bankrupt my first bank of a Covia acquired by Wells Fargo. So, you know, that was like just such an interesting like first experience of that. You know, the financial system isn't that stable. I think it very much had an impact on me being a Bitcoiner and crypto  And then like, I also asked for very specific things back then that nobody else asked for, for example, I wanted to run masternodes. Back in 2017, I saw a lot of potential where some running nodes would pay 5%, 6%, 7%, sometimes 20%. Like in the early days in the first year, we ran nodes on stuff like Horizon, on VeChain, on Nim, that was like POI. There's many different chains that we've run nodes on. And the interesting thing that came out of that is that in my paperwork, I'm allowed to stake, I'm allowed to run  their interface to this.  you know, I would say dishonest tokens where there's zero value accrual. Like for example, XRP, you can hold the XRP token, but it does not give you access to any value. The XRP network accrues. The team owns like, you know, 60% of the supply might've changed since then, but it's highly centralized, no governance rights. Right. So the, and, but they have good marketing department, right? So there's these tokens that have, or even Cardano. So it's Cardano something I often call out because it might be good technology at some point, but the truth is that right now it's worth like 60%  even understand market caps. So the masses, they just, you know, they follow TikTok, they follow influencers and their perception of crypto is that everything is a currency. Everything is just like, you know, a cryptocurrency. Everything is the next Bitcoin. And then there's a whole different world, which is, I think, you know, what a lot of like the more educated investors in the space do and like a lot of the crypto funds where it's literally two completely different worlds, one of us in Doge and Shiba and SafeMoon. And then we have DeFi, Metaverse and so forth, where we look at tokens like, you know, MakerDAO,  dozen is making 33% of the profit off Deutsche Bank. Meanwhile, MakerDoll has 14 billion assets. Deutsche Bank has 1.3 trillion in assets. So there's real stuff. It's crazy. What I want to do is let's first just you have four major themes, I think, to your thesis. What are those four themes? Right. So and these themes have changed. So folks, I'm on the bear market. I was like very heavy Bitcoin because I figured, you know, in a bear market, you want to be with hard money, right? Because that's when money, well,  DeFi is the biggest branch. Second is the metaverse, which can sound very abstract but in theory, but let me finish first the four and then I'll go into the metaverse. Third one is DWEB, which is decentralized in the web in and of itself because we can run Bitcoin clients and Bitcoin exchange. We can run DeFi, which is all awesome if it's decentralized in the backend. But if the front ends are still run on centralized AWS servers, it just takes a press of a  first, being able to see each other's transactions, this whole companies like chain analysis that literally do for a living to figure all this out. And once governments, not once governments already work with companies like chain analysis, we just become so transparent. And it's, I think it's important that we fight that early on before it gets too late. So what I want to talk about is with DeFi, that kind of first major theme you have is the business models, right? So you already mentioned that MakerDAO makes $195 million a year. There's many examples of this.  with the CIOs of some of these banks. And the level of understanding was even so limited where some of people in these high offices didn't even know that Bitcoin had a fixed supply. So there's a lot of room to go. And even now when I have talks with qualified clients and the question they ask is usually just like Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin. And then the pushback is that even Bitcoin, it's not backed by anything. I'm like, okay, but listen, if that's what you're looking for, you should look  And so, you know, I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good  could change their mind any day and start charging a fee. But I'm not you know at this point it's already trading at a 40 billion valuation. I'm not really waiting for that day. There are plenty of protocols where I can see very clearly like you know one of two ways either popular ways of buying burn. So maker for example the profits I used to buy and burn maker. So number one buying tries price up burning reduces supply inflationary. Explain buy and burn more granularly. So the way maker works it's like the biggest decentralized bank right now they have  And you can do with that what you want. Then it charges a 5.5% annual stability fee, like an interest rate, right? That the maker token holders get to set, right? So the actual bank is fully run by the token holders, which is also fascinating. Now, when you pay that debt off, you say, okay, I'm returning my money, I'm paying off the debt. That interest then is being used to buy maker. So they will put an auction up. They say, hey, we're looking to buy maker who wants to sell to us. Best price gets it. They have the maker and then they send it to a buyer.  And so if you keep track of this, people understand what's been burnt versus not burnt. And then therefore that should lead to a higher price. Right. Yeah. So you've got deflation. I mean, that's what makes Bitcoin great too, right? You have like the fixed supply schedule. So with some of these protocols, you might even have a deflationary cycle. So does buy and burn only work when there's a fixed supply? No. So there's protocols that have inflation, like, you know, they have an annual mint and an annual burn. Now the goal of course is to make sure that the burn is higher than the mint. So it could be that the Dow, for example, does an annual mint.  let's say for example transaction fees or revenue or anything to these token holders, like from a business model decision standpoint. There's, it's kind of similar like share buybacks, right? Stock buybacks. The idea that the reason I personally like buying burn better is because it doesn't cause a taxable event. If you distribute, if you give somebody a staking returns, all you're doing is creating a taxable event. This is why I'm a huge opponent to inflation-based staking returns. It's one of the biggest jokes in the industry, honestly, that people brag, let's for example, Cardano, people brag about, oh, I'm making a  or a crypto project, not any specific one, but just they're doing it. Now, when they do that, is it fair to assume that that's like a marketing cost? So they're doing this to acquire users or is this something else that they're doing in terms of creating new currency to then distribute to people? And even though those people see it as quote unquote yield, it's not technically yield generated from lending, it's yield literally generated by new tokens that are minted by the treasury. It's funny because I'm a very conservative guy when it comes to like that investing aspect and I love deflationary tokens, but I kind of had to learn my lesson during  scamming at first was actually the thing that solved the chicken and the egg problem. Because when it comes to DeFi, you can't have users without liquidity, but also nobody wants to provide liquidity if there's no users. So all of a sudden, you just front loaded incentives to the liquidity providers. So there's a ton of liquidity. And then all of a sudden you realize, well, it's just as easy now to trade on Uniswap as it is on Binance or maybe even better. And that's what really, that's what DeFi somewhat blew up because all of a sudden people realize, well, these are fully flush liquid markets.  anybody who provide liquidity, even like teams would literally create their own tokens, match against Ethereum or something and get ton of rewards for their own token, you know, which they create out of thin air. But hey, at the end of the day, it's become one of the most highly liquid platforms. Yeah. When you think about other things to stay away from as you evaluate projects, is there anything else that kind of sticks out to you? You mentioned Ponzi-nomics, but like, is there anything else that you think is a red flag or things that you actively avoid? Few things. Well, first, when it comes to things like yield, I always love to ask, where  It pulls the rug underneath your feet, you know, you fall in your face. So that usually means that either early investors or team members are essentially dumping, you know, they create enough momentum, get the price up, get the price up, get the price up. And then at some point, they can either remove liquidity from Uniswap or dump it all if somebody else provided liquidity. And then you start holding back with zero liquidity in the markets. So that's something else to look out for is like when you get into a project, especially when you think, oh, I'm early, look at their order books. Like how many people are providing liquidity? How much liquidity is there? Can you even get out of it?  should own more than 20% of token supply. Because then it becomes, and one of the biggest red flags too is that there shouldn't be a centralized entity behind a token project. Because then I'm asking, well, what's the focus? There's a conflict of interest here. Prime example is Ripple Apps. Are you trying to provide value for Ripple Apps, which they're trying to IPO, or are you trying to provide value for Ripple the token? So I really want teams where their only incentive is a token itself, because ultimately, look, everybody's trying to make money. So they all find a way somehow down the road to bring value  popular projects in the industry, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and many, many more. Kraken also provides in-depth articles and guides on every single asset that they list so you can get up to speed quickly and make smarter investment decisions. Visit kraken.com slash bang bang to get started today. Again, that's kraken.com slash bang bang. All right, let's get back into this interview. I hope you're enjoying it. When you think of a fair launch, what is that? Right? So that's something that people hear all the time is supposed to more,  and stealth mode, you're the only one mining it and that's why you're getting all the tokens. Or it could be pre-mined also is used when you say like, hey, at ICO, we get 20%. So fair launches, the whole idea is that you find a more fair way where the team has no advantage over community members and rather everybody earns tokens. So how does it like structurally work though? Fair launch. Fair launch. Well, so for example, let's say we have, let's say you and I start a new AMM, a new automated market maker or lending protocol, right? And we say, hey, we're not taking any coins from the beginning,  is seeing some of this come back, right? Unfortunately, because of the SEC, right? So the SEC shut down ICOs because of all the scams that were happening. What's the end result? We've got a ton of private sales where it's only insiders being able to get into rounds because teams aren't able to sell publicly anymore. Is the fair launch okay with the SEC because they're not actually selling anything to the public for investment? And so therefore, it isn't considered like a security and it's a completely different thing?  goes into the Dow Treasury, which is a multi-sick wallet where, you know, a few shareholders or everybody in the Dow has voting rights over. And that literally just takes out of the jurisdiction of the government. There's really not that much you can do. Of course, the government can always do something. But at the end of the day, I think it's still a very, very gray space that's also there. What exactly is a Dow? Explain that to people. So a Dow is kind of like a decentralized LLC, if you want, that has no that's everywhere and nowhere at the same time. So there's no jurisdiction, really. What a Dow is essentially based on a smart contract.  And now the wallet, well, three of us vote approve and the money moves. So this way we can really, um, decentralized and automate treasury management. For example, we can automate, you know, decision making protocol upgrades. Um, and that's how a lot of teams are now running. And I think every team should be run, should be ran with a Dow, which by, you know, back in 2017, we didn't have that. Now most projects do, you know, Uniswap is token based voting maker is in the name maker. Dow is token based voting. Um, enzyme like the one I'm in is more like an elected version where we have a council  answer to that yet. One thing before we move on to the metaverse is automated market makers. Explain how these work for people that don't understand. So with decentralized exchanges, it was always the problem when you have the order book model. The order book model that you used to from Coinbase, from Binance, where you see price and how much is there, price, how much is there. It's very hard to create good liquidity. So what automated market makers- Ed, real quick, just starting to interrupt.  order every single time the market moves. So what? And those orders end up being a transaction fee every time. Well, actually, with CRX, when you set the limit order, you just sign it as actually free, but then whoever takes it will have to buy into it and it costs something. But what the AMM said essentially is you said, hey, instead of us attracting all these people that choose individual prices where they put their limit orders out, it's going to take too long. Again, the goal was to solve the chicken and the egg problem and just get liquidity. So I think Uniswap was the first to do it, although I think they leaned on a bank whore.  dollars in USDC in there and technically there's only 99,000 dollars in Bitcoin. So what is to happen? The price of Bitcoin will for that AMM go up enough what's worth 101,000. So each AMM so to say has its own price and the price is always determined by the peg ratio so to say that's always 50-50. Basically auto balances. Auto balances. And the reason why it does that and how it does that is it basically is eliciting liquidity or really kicking liquidity out in some cases, right?  liquidity, what do I get? Depending on the platform. So like on Balancer, for example, you earn, you can set your own fee. So for example, I run several Balancer pools and I can charge whatever one, whatever the amount of funds paid. Sometimes 0.5, sometimes 6%. So like there's some less liquid altcoins or there's nobody to provide liquidity, but I say, hey, I believe in them. They're solid, you know? So I'm taking that risk that if they go to zero, of course I lose money on both sides. Right. But I say, hey, because nobody else provided liquidity, let me charge 5%, 6%. And everybody's, every time somebody trades,  And so, and then, so, and that's on balance or we can set your own rates on Uniswap, the base rate is always 0.3%. So it's always 0.3% on Uniswap. And then sometimes there's again, incentives like balance, it gives you ballot tokens, other exchanges give you, you know, BNT gives you BNT tokens and so forth to further incentivize it. What's the metaverse? That's one of your big, one of your big kind of themes or thesis. What is that? So back, back in 2019, I did, you know, I did some tours, been in bear market a lot more times. I wanted to like,  to 75% of our waking hours in the digital world. So that doesn't stand to reason that we would need a digital fall of money, aka Bitcoin, that we need digital infrastructures, like for example, financial infrastructures like DeFi, that we need digital governance, DAOs. And also, and then you get to this point where you say, well, if you have all of this, that's digital, we kind of approach a point where we have a digital reality, really, because we spend so much time online where our digital identity is almost  We can have multiple identities. And the first iteration of that has always been gaming. The gaming industry is huge. It blew up during COVID. And so we've seen this already 10 years ago with Second Life, for example, where Second Life made, I think the number was $500 million, that had a $500 million a year GDP. So digital goods have real value. People value the time they spend online, how they spend time online, what they're wearing online,  They spend 75% of the day. So when I think of the metaverse, I think most people think of like ready player one, right? Like, Hey, I put on a headset and I go into this like super virtual world, whatever your argument is basically rather than the headset, the portal is either the phone or the computer. You're going into the world. You're playing this thing. Um, and it works right. And you and I connected in the quote unquote metaverse from the digital world, right? And then we bring it into the physical world. And so how much of this is, um, kind of evolutionary from where we already are with traditional technology, like the Google's,  when I grew up, like we used to run in the garden, you know, like we, we didn't have smartphones, smartphones came out and like, you know, oh wait, right? So the, we are only this trajectory and this, the, the versions we live in now, whether that's the Facebook, Instagrams, the video games, it's just an early duration. Like I said, the UI UX isn't that great, but give it five years and it might look like ready player one. And I just love a turn of thought. In terms of the extremes, are we going to the end of the extreme of like ready player one?  I saw a video online recently of somebody who it looked like they kind of put on glasses and they were trying to simulate like this virtual world and literally they were walking in, I think it was a bus or a train and they were kind of walking through the aisle and their seats on both sides. And literally there was like screens popping up and seeing that video. Yeah. And there was a kind of blinking lights and all that stuff. And it kind of, uh, in some crazy way reminded me of like a Tokyo arcade, almost. Right. Like, you know, it was like black, like flashing lights and bright colors and like all stuff. And, uh, the person I saw shared it was like, I do not want this world.  That's everything's bad, right? So and I think this the verse the video that you described is maybe a future where it's centralized and this why I think it's so so important that the metaverse has a decentralized space infrastructure Because who is the biggest VR producer right now? It's Facebook Oculus, right? And then also you've got HTC Vive, right? Do you really want? The infrastructure of the digital world to be in the hand of Facebook at least in my opinion. No. All right, are you ex Google?  they can, right? Because they literally own the digital world. So, you know, when you understand that, as I said, with that initial question, how much time do you spend online? The digital world is, will literally be more valuable than the base reality, because we spend so much time because it's global, it's borderless. Then who's going to own that? It can't be private entities. You have to have, you have to set up decentralized infrastructure on which that can be built. So that means, decentralized identity standards, right? Decentralized,  cost to producing in-game items. Um, and so like figuring more of that out. So this is like one of the more, like, you know, defy is more mainstream now, but like metaverse is definitely more on the cutting edge. And it takes a lot of time to just like wrap your head around, you know, first of all, where's this world going? How will such a digital world experientially feel like and what will be important? We see the first iteration of that now with like NFTs, right? But people, because people can easily wrap their head around that can hang it on the wall. It's like a picture.  I know that sounds very far out on the spectrum, but if I've learned anything, it's like technology comes way faster than we think. Yeah, of course. Yeah. What do you think is the biggest fear that you have around the metaverse? Centralization. I think it being in the hands of private entities. And that goes a step further too, even if we decentralized and has decentralized governance, you don't want, let's say Facebook invests, let's say Facebook's the lead investor, or even Andreessen. I mean, like I think Andreessen's got a good intention for whatever, but I don't want  by the same time it also shouldn't turn into just where the early investors literally own the entire world. So yeah, it's a lot more abstract, but at the same time, it will likely be bigger than anything else because it literally, the size of the metaverse is multiples of the entire GDP of the entire world right now because we'll have likely higher populations and everybody will participate. Who's going to make the laws in the metaverse? I think Dows will decide that, right? So I think it's very possible.  or restricted, you have the centralized autonomous organizations that make rules within the boundary. And then you can always, we use the term rage quit. If you say, hey, I don't agree with the terms of the DAO, you can always leave it and take your assets with you, finding your home. When you talk about centralization, I know that two other themes are the decentralized web or D-web and privacy. How did those themes play into this? Right. So with D-web, I always explain very simply where I say we are, you know, a lot of people started using Uniswap, a lot of people started using  geofencing. So, for example, we actually saw this today where on Aave they had a restricted AML KYC pool that apparently is only for institutional clients. Right. So is that a good thing or a bad thing? I think it's both. I mean, the good thing is there's institutions that actually start allocating to defy, you know, like allocating to defy pools, which is fascinating that there's, you know, bigger institutions. The bad thing is that, like, I mean, it lays the groundwork that that might be happening at some more scale in the future, whether it's in the US, some other country. I mean, I'm sure there will be other countries that