 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  And what, out of school you worked at Facebook first? I did. Anyways, thanks Pomp for having me. And yeah, so my background is I'm a product designer by trade. Right out of school, I worked at Facebook. I was one of the first product designers there. I was their first designer on the user growth team. So I designed a lot of Facebook's kind of onboarding and registration systems. So if you sign up for Facebook kind of 2008, 2012, give or take, you probably use some of my interfaces and yeah, that's kind of where I started out in my career. So I worked on  And that user growth team in particular was just pretty legendary. When I first joined the company, it was not the sexiest assignment to get. I was joining as a new designer and people wanted to work on the stuff that's like front and center, the newsfeed, the profiles, photos, and to work on the user growth team is like not the most exciting assignment, but it kind of turned out that that team was this fairly legendary team. We kind of invented a lot of new design patterns for how to build these  Now people still did and I found that out after the fact that people kind of broke the rules and just didn't tell anybody. And so maybe had that been known to me, I maybe would have done things differently, but yeah, so I kind of left to start my investing career and, you know, kind of in retrospect, I think was fortunate that I left when I did. But again, like I owe Facebook just the world because it really launched my career. I'm in the exact same boat. I feel like I learned so much at Facebook.  for startups. So we came up with this idea. I remember we called it the aha moment, which is that when a user is signing up for Facebook, they might be struggling through all these forms we throw their way. So we kind of ask them for all this information. It's kind of a lot of work. And then I remember we did this one user test back in the day where we had someone come in and she was kind of suffering through the status quo of the onboarding flow.  testing lab, she probably would have just given up because she had to go through all these error states. It was quite a, quite a mess to get here. But she got to this screen and then all of a sudden her eyes kind of darted to the friends she knew. And then her eyes like lit up, she kind of leaned into the computer or she was like, Oh, wow, okay, I understand the value of, of what, of what Facebook is. And so that idea actually got us to completely re architect the onboarding flow for Facebook. So we reordered steps, we took things that were kind of  kind of before and after. How much of this is like, you just tested a million things and eventually saw this, realized it, and then like execute on it versus this was like a preconceived almost thesis. And then that's why you ran this specific test. Yeah, so a lot of the ladders, a little bit of the former, there were other cases where, for example, we had this registration form, which was like the primary form that everyone signed up to Facebook through.  It actually marginally improved the numbers. But then one of the funny things about the success I had at Facebook was that in one afternoon, myself and this UI engineer, we were fed up with this form. We were like, this thing sucks. Let's redesign it. So I kind of just did a very basic cleanup of this thing. He built it. We had the thing test overnight. And on the course of like 24 hours,  the bigger barriers are here. Like how do we do these bigger architecture projects? But yeah, I think it was just a very experimental team. And then also one where the sort of eyes, the rest of the company were off of us. So we could really get away with a lot and just like continually run a lot of tests where if we wanted to put an obnoxiously big green button on things that maybe the other designers would be like, yeah, maybe you shouldn't ship that  And so we literally one time moved, created a new app, and then we had to go to the next one. So we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we had to go to the next one. And then we  over time was just the volume, right? So you could run this test and 24 hours later, have a statistically significant result that you knew as long as you ran that test correctly, right? Hey, is it better or is it not? Whereas a startup or somebody else, it could take them two months to get enough data, right? At Facebook, you got it in 24 hours. And so that iteration speed was just a complete superpower, I think, for the growth team. Yeah. And one of the, one of the takeaways from that that I've applied to some of the companies I've worked with,  that employees don't use all the time, right? So signup flows are like the biggest category of this blank states where it's like, what happens when there's no data in the system and how do users interface with that? These things break constantly. And like, that was one of the big takeaways from working on that team at Facebook, which is like, we constantly had to do this cleanup work where everything that was in the eyes of the employee base was just totally scrutinized and cleaned up and optimized. Later in my career at Facebook,  And so that lesson has very much stuck with me and it's actually almost a cheat code. When I work with some of the companies I work with now, once they're at a kind of an established point, I think one of the things you can just tell them is like, have your employees go back and use the interfaces that they're not regularly using. So have them sign up for the product again and again and again. Have them go through that news or experience again and again and again. And things will naturally get refined. Things will naturally evolve.  when you get into this like very kind of testing heavy growth, heavy type environment, there's plenty of people who yell and scream and say, it's horrible. They're at least the bad things, whatever. But at the end of the day, as a, as a science, as a way to use software to grow the metrics of a business, bar none, nothing beats that right in terms of the actual adherence to truth and the seeking of truth, right? And kind of this belief that like the code wins the argument or the data wins the argument. And I think that's probably the thing that you took away from Facebook and I definitely took away.  solving problems, it's about kind of taking in a set of constraints and coming up with a solution that satisfies all those constraints. And then I think in an environment like that early Facebook user growth team, that really forces one to say, okay, is my design solving the problem that's on the table here? And we should be able to measure that. And I think that designers should really welcome that level  was does Facebook care about users? So it cares about user CAU. And what they would do is they would basically show you various experiences or products or functionality or whatever, and then they would hit you with the survey. And they had surveyed you before, and then they survey you after. And what was so fascinating about this was they could not move the freaking metric. They could not move it. And so I'm getting like a crash course in this, and I'm like, this is absolutely fascinating. You have what is not a data-driven problem.  for the first time. And everyone's like, whoa, whoa, what was it? Like what moved, you know, and you can just imagine like now all of a sudden like there's movement, right? And everyone's getting really excited and trying to figure it out. And so they pin it down to from all of us at Facebook, that one phrase ended up moving sentiment and increasing people's belief that Facebook cared about the user. And so in hindsight, I remember looking back and saying like, wow, you never, there is no path that you get to other than pure probability, just work  funny you kind of mentioned that the change of messaging tone because, you know, way back in the day, we had we had some philosophies around what the voice of Facebook should be like. And it wasn't it wasn't that tone that you described, actually far more, you know, like this is meant to be more like an operating system and less like a person speaking to you. And I kind of I had left the company at this point, but I do remember like, as  the right general strike area but didn't hit Stripe. Second one, I was fortunate enough to invest into Coinbase. And so that was my second ever angel investment. I was actually not liquid in the seed round in 2012, but as soon as I kind of became liquid from Facebook, at the start of 2013, I made my second ever angel investment into Coinbase.  But yeah, I mean, I was basically a little bit of a Bitcoin nerd in 2012 and was in the r slash Bitcoin subreddit. And I think we had bought my first Bitcoins, had to buy them through Mt. Gox, for those of us who remember Mt. Gox. And I really do think that for me, when Coinbase came around, it felt more like an obvious  throughout my career. So the first one was was was with Facebook where I was lucky enough to be a college student when Facebook started. And so I think if you were in college at the time when it was college only, no one outside of colleges could use Facebook. We all had this sort of glimpse of the future. And if you'd asked people in college in, you know, 2006, 2007, like, hey, do you think everyone's going to start using this Facebook thing? They would probably say yes, versus if you talk to somebody who is on the outside  And then I had a similar feeling with Bitcoin in 2012 and with Coinbase in particular, which is like, well, I thought Bitcoin was kind of this bubble of the future unto itself. But then even within that, I thought, hey, like it just seems pretty obvious to me that like people are going to use Coinbase over something like Mt. Gox. And so at a minimum, like this thing has some legs in terms of getting onto that level of market share. Now, did I know in 2013 that it would, it would be like,  Yeah, I mean, obviously it helps, right? And there is something about that, you know, kind of firsthand experience where you kind of feel like a bit like an underdog and you just know this thing's gonna do really well. And then you see these people on the outside just don't quite get it. And there's something quite special about that. But yeah, I do think that you can sort of systematically hunt for people  capital world, but like, it's one of my dissatisfactions with how some folks approach the space, which is I think, I think people don't get genuinely excited about the things they invest in. Right. And when someone like truly finds something they actually care about and they really just get fired up about it, like that's, that's almost rare. And when someone's a professional investor and they're kind of, you know, tasked with, with hunting down these things and, and, and, and kind of putting out a number of investments on a  personal successes in my career, each one has really fit this pattern of like, yeah, I was kind of part of this early community of folks that really saw the future and it was almost a sure thing to us when we were inside that bubble. So how do you go from Bitcoin is going to be a thing to I'm an investor in Coinbase? What's the actual process? Yeah, I mean, maybe this is also my  times better user experience, right? Again, it's easier said than done answer. So for example, one of my companies these days is a company called Linear and they're a competitor to Jira, the task management proactivity tool company. And there's like a million little reasons why I could tell you why Linear is like so much better than Jira. And it's very hard to put your finger on it, but I think they all kind of sum up to this experience that is actually 10 times better. So design is kind of this cheat code in some ways.  I generally think that focusing on user experience, focusing on design really matters. I think especially in financial services companies like Coinbase where design is kind of a shortcut to communicating trust. So even before we knew Mt. Gox was a scam, it kind of just screamed scam when you looked at it because the design was terrible. It just looked like something that was a scam. And so if you start from a point where you actually have thoughtful, considerate design,  you want to participate, you were just starting out as an investor. And so you had to go hunting. You had to go get an introduction to the founder. You had to go and convince them to take your money, like walk through that process and, and why you were so willing to go do the work to go hunting. And this is something that's like really high on my mind right now, because as I've evolved in my career as an investor, I kind of naturally get more inbound deal flow. Like I get, I get a lot of people sending me deals right now. And then I always have to balance that against the fact that, Hey, my best,  And so for myself, like when I was first starting out as an investor, nobody knew who I was. No one was sending me deals. I got no deal flow. But what that does is that affords a certain amount of kind of white space where I can get genuinely excited about things. I could spend all these hours on R slash Bitcoin. I didn't have pitch meeting after pitch meeting to get to take up my time. And so you could find this genuine curiosity, this genuine excitement and then, oh, well, here you go. Like here's this new company, Coin.  And I had a friend of ours make an introduction. And basically I spent two or three sessions in the office just helping them on their new user account flows on some very basic onboarding interfaces for very early Coinbase. And then I said, hey, look, I just made my first angel investment. I'd love to make my second one into this. Can I get into the next round? And they said, sure, no problem.  And so when you think about that deal and when you deployed capital, obviously you're going to have some hindsight bias, but do you think it's a $50 billion company or do you think it's like, Hey, maybe they can grow and they'll get bought at a hundred million. Like, like what's kind of the upper part of the company that you're going to be able to do? And I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point.  It might seem particularly naive for Silicon Valley investors, say something like that. But I think the default for most people is that they default to cynicism and skepticism. And when you pitch someone a new idea, I think most people will start shooting down the reasons why it won't work. And those are really important to capture. And as an investor, you need to have that skepticism. You need to be able to do that level of intellectual rigor. You need to be able to apply that  kind of enterprise SaaS company, and I think it could get to this level of recurring revenue, and that would make it worth this amount of money. And this is what the world looks like when everything goes right for this company. And when you could find yourself coming up with a very concrete cap, and thereby kind of coming up with a pretty concrete expected value calculation about it, I tend to shy away from those things versus going after things that I think have potentially uncapped outcomes,  Those are worth we have because again, it all comes back to this sort of, I like to call it a fuzzy expected value calculus where again, like I think a lot of the, a lot of mistakes a lot of investors make are that they're kind of overly scrutinists of ideas. They kind of shoot them down. And then the only thing that gets to the filter are these more capped outcomes or they're more sure bets. And, you know, when they, when they work, they sure they can, they can result in some great outcomes.  of risks, regardless of what the startup is, you might as well like really swing, really swing for the fences. Yeah. One of the things that to me is just absolutely fascinating is being rational is actually a hindrance to making good investments because what you're essentially doing is you're looking for something that's doing something different and right. And so it's an outlier and therefore it's irrational. And so if you're a rational person evaluating something from a rational standpoint, in most cases,  you can flip over in your head to having a real rational belief in them. If you can just get past this one immediate point of skepticism, which is again, why I think it's almost a cliche in, if you talk to folks who work at these larger venture capital firms and they hire a junior person to come onto the team and they go to their first partner meeting, it's almost a cliche that this new person will just start firing at all these reasons why the idea that's on the  this like upside calculation where you could start to get this fuzzy expected value calculation because again, like the downside risk of all these things is the same. The downside risk is you lose all your money. And so when you find one of these things where you just can't even imagine how big the upside case is, even if the odds are quite slim, those tend to be things worth swinging at, especially when you're constructing a balanced portfolio.  going from working on a healthcare startup to working on a crypto startup to working on a social game. And I like, as a designer, I really love getting involved in these companies and kind of just trying on a new set of problems and seeing how I can resolve them. And so that somewhat speaks to our model with this new fund. So we're over a very small seed fund.  it wouldn't be as meaningful, it wouldn't be as exciting to me, it wouldn't be as fulfilling. I think investing in a lot of ways is getting more commoditized, that's a good thing. And so for myself to kind of make it exciting, to make it interesting, I really want to have that participatory aspect to it. And that's kind of what I found with this new fund. The fund structure is very unique in that you intentionally are keeping the fund rather small. You're intentionally having a pretty large GP commit walk through just like  other funds. So I'm an LP and about 15 different small seed funds all around the same fund size as mine. And I generally have this current market thesis around seed stage capital, which is that obviously we're all seeing an abundance of capital flow into this environment. There are a lot of funds that are lead check writing funds, so meaning  uh, adverse selection challenges that come with that. In other words, um, if you can't be the lead investor, uh, it's a, it's a binary proposition. You're either in the deal or you're not, uh, versus these smaller fund managers and angel investors who put in these, these smaller checks. Um, let's say they put in a 200 K check as opposed to a $1.5 million check. Um, they tend to get access to the deals that they want to invest in.  and says, hey, I'd like 300K and the fund manager comes back and says, how about 200? Well, you can kind of make that work and still return the entire fund. And so when I think about how to structure both my LP checks throughout the industry and also how to structure my own fund in terms of like, how do I maximize the returns that I want to pursue? I think it's really important to be able to invest every time I want to be able to invest. And I think if you're running a LEED fund in SEED, you need to have a very  I wrote eight years ago. It has a very similar kind of feeling to me about it. And I kind of like this, this strategy we call it like a nano fund strategy. What does that mean? Sub 15 million dollar funds. Got it. So sub 15 million dollars not lead. How many companies on average you think go into these funds? It depends. Our structure is a little bit more weighted in that we like to put kind of more wood behind fewer arrows. But I've invested in other  And let's just say that those first two things are somewhat table stakes in the sense that like, okay, you have to have good deal flow or kind of nowhere to look and you have to have good judgment and you have to say yes to the thing that's going to work. This latter category is so much in control by the structure of how you run your business, right? Again, investing is,  How do I think about picking skills? I think a really important quality of any good investors, they're being picked skill. And then there's like, I think there's the two dimensions I can think of offhand to optimize for that is like, have something valuable to offer. We've kind of gone with this design value offering and we think that's compelling. And then to like, just structurally position yourself such that you can be accommodated into these rounds. And when you have to eat up the whole  the deal, like I don't want to get into that competition. And so, and nor do I want the found the, um, the fund managers that I back to be involved in that competition. I'd rather just kind of get into everything interesting and, and, and kind of, I think, I think go, um, you know, kind of an inch deep in a mile wide in, in, in this category. When you think about, um, crypto, it's something that seems like you're dabbling a little bit in, it's intellectually stimulating.  really track the ease of use of crypto and I think runs in complete correlation with the mainstream adoption of it. As you've seen either companies or projects that have extended the user base of crypto, I think they all have one thing in common, which is they tend to be well-designed, they tend to value user experience.  this really enabling factor for crypto overall. And I think a lot of folks in crypto really have a bias towards thinking about the technology, the protocols, the kind of technical developments going on in the space. That's what's creating the adoption. But I think you really have to give credit to folks that make this easy to use, that make it accessible to everybody. Folks like Coinbase,  technology gets warped to accommodate but that's kind of the exception not the norm in other words like the technology is kind of created as it as it exists and then it's up to the designers to try to you know bang this thing into shape to actually make it easy to use and I think I think some of the You know some of the most exciting projects that I see on the horizon are ones that really think about like how do we make this easy to