 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  which is important, which it is, but you are one of the other co-founders of the business. So what did you do before 8 sleep? Yeah. So before, right before 8 sleep, I was living in New York and I was working at a financial technology startup. It was really a startup. It was a really different business. We were targeting, building technology, targeting independent wealth advisors. So totally, totally different space, still working very much kind of like that side of marketing. And I was kind of the right hand of the founder and CEO. And then when Mateo came in,  job and finance in New York and we all moved to San Francisco to start the company. And so you guys moved to San Francisco specifically to start the business. Yeah. Yeah. We thought, well, it's like a hardware company. We want to be in the middle of Silicon Valley. Max, our other co-founder was based there and we thought, well, we want to be there. We want to network. We want to meet everyone. We want to have that experience. We thought we were going to be there forever. We're like, same just as the thing, that's a place. Okay, let's pack our things. And we did a year there. It was very fun. We did a lot of amazing, very much Silicon Valley experiences, but then we ended up moving back to New York.  So that was key because we really thought, well, we're probably not getting in because we have this business that first has improved itself because we hadn't launched the product market. And second, it probably doesn't kind of fit what most of our investments look like. But eventually we got in, which is great. And we got in after we had already launched on crowdfunding. So we did our first product on Indiegogo. That was a huge success. We did over a million dollars in pre-orders. And so it was probably easier for them to take the bet on these people who had never built a hardware product because also we were not really founders that had that.  I was in charge of launching this crowdfunding, which I had never done, and getting all these orders. And so I spoke to as many people as possible who had done it before. And at that time, this was like early 2015, there were a bunch of companies and hardware that had found success in crowdfunding. So there were people you can talk to and ask them questions around like, how do they do it? What did they focus on? And so we were like, I'm not going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm  and that was our office. I was on second street and so mom, this is not your apartment. This is our apartment. This is where Mattone ever living. So we were living in the office and then the, the, the, our bedroom was a demo room. That's where we would put all of the new technology. Like God forbid that the engineers built something that would like, I don't know, shock eyes or something in the middle of the night. We were trusting them. They would put every new prototype on our bed. So we were the first people to try it. And then in the morning our team would arrive and we were like five people and they would arrive and everyone had a key.  We knew that from the reason why we started was because Mattel had his sleep problems, but we didn't know if other people had the same problem. So we had to discover that. And so we would bring as many people as possible into that office, bring them into the bedroom, show them what we were doing, and then ask them questions. And then people start opening up. It's like, hey, I have different preferences of temperature with my partner and how I struggle to fall asleep or toss and turn a lot. I don't like the comfort of my bed. Like whatever would come up, we were just like absorbing it. And then as we started crafting a pitch for our product,  the brand was that sort of transition between talking about it as a product like make your bed smart and more like hey achieve sleep fitness. Like what's the benefit in the end for the end user and not just like what's this geeky product which that worked amazing on Indiegogo because the community definitely responded to it. Yeah. And what do you think drove that like change. Right. Was it just talking to people and then telling you like hey stop talking about like a smart bed and something else or was it just over time as you guys kind of refined the pitch. Yeah. I mean it was two things. One it was  the while they were in China, I was still in charge of continue to sell, continue to bring in revenue for the company. It started becoming really hard because we probably went beyond that super early techy adopter that supports something on Indiegogo. We start struggling. That's when you feel like you're pushing this huge boulder up a hill and it becomes really hard. Eventually, it was, I don't know, a year after we shipped our units, we raced around with  take a step back and look at it from a different side and say, well, maybe that worked, but does that mean that this can actually continue to work in the future? And it's kind of personal, right? It's like someone telling you, like, you should change your hair. Like you need to change how you talk about your company. Yeah. Otherwise you're going to fail. And did you know exactly what to go change the positioning to, or did you have to test that a million times? So we didn't test it. We went through a very interesting process where we knew that what was happening at the time is we had that product that we launched in crowdfunding and then we had launched  that makes mattresses, but they make them smart. And there were a lot of companies building mattresses in the market, many of which at the time wanted to license our technology, wanted to acquire us, right, because what we were doing was interesting, but we didn't want to get bucketed with them because that's just not who we were. We respect what they do and what they do. They do it really well, but we were born because we believe technology can help people sleep better. We want to use deep tech to help people sleep better. Okay, so this is a good segue for a second.  And then as I've gotten to know you guys, now I've invested in the business and kind of really understood it. There's this whole vision of the mattress is just a starting point, right? So maybe kind of just walk through, like if we fast forward 25 years from now, like what is that thing that you're trying to build so that people kind of understand the difference between a mattress company and then this like sleep fitness company? Yeah. Yeah. So that's why you say we're a sleep fitness company because we are building technology for sleep fitness and sleep fitness is, you know, how do we make you get you to that state?  How do we optimize it? And that can be done through a lot of things around the environment, right? Through the temperature regulation, through light noise, oxygen control, et cetera. So there's a lot of things that like physical technology paired with real time data to personalize it around you can achieve. And then there's this other side of it, which is, well, sleep is a core part of health. You're spending a lot of time in bed, even if you're spending six hours every night, what else can we do while you're sleeping to save your life? And that's kind of what someone recently in Twitter said.  physically around your bed, around your bed frame to do other things. Can it scan your body? Can it do an ultrasound? Can it use radar technology to identify things that may be growing inside your body and your tissues and your muscles, inside your organs? So there's the technology that's being developed by many other companies, not necessarily Aidsleep, but it's already there, it's proven. We can bring it into the Aidsleep ecosystem and start doing health diagnostics or building a blueprint of how your longevity  the dead time, right? So if I sleep, let's say eight hours a day, right? That's one third of my life I'm going to end up sleeping. All right. If I'm literally just sleeping, that's not very productive, right? It's productive for me from a health perspective, but there's nothing else happening. What you're essentially saying is like, well, what can we do to you while you're sleeping that is not disruptive to your sleep? It may actually enhance your sleep and also can provide other value. So this is the whole idea of, uh, can we scan your body? Can we, you know, do certain things that are health related that doesn't require you anything other than, Hey,  oxygen in the room, right? And so when you start to think about like the nuance and kind of the intricacies of that, you start to say like, well, what would it almost be like an elite athlete if you were going to put them into an environment and say, this is the absolute perfect environment for full recovery so that you can compete at the highest level with your physical performance. Well, there's literally a hyperbaric chambers, there's oxygen injections, like all kinds of crazy stuff that happens. But that is so expensive and so hard for anyone to replicate at home.  say average people who are looking to feel better during the day and that they've come to understand that sleep is important for that. And eventually what 8Sleep as a brand is building is a movement where how do we bring that same level of like knowledge and consciousness around sleep to other people who may not realize yet that sleep is that important? How do we educate them? How do we bring them to join this movement? And eventually they will embrace our technology and that technology will give them great recovery and eventually could save their lives.  How do you kind of punch so far above your weight? Like how have you guys done this? Yeah. So we go back to that story where it was 17, 20, 18. I got lost in the timeline, but we bring in Cozle Ventures, we bring in Keith, he joins a board and he says you need to reposition the business. And I go back to that point because that determines so much of what we do now as a brand. We went through this repositioning exercise with this approach that is this sort of like DNA based approach where you go and look back inside the company.  reason why these founders took the bet of starting that business. And so there must be something that's really strong within them of like why they want to build this company. So what really came out of that exercise for us is Mateo's original kind of vision of what sleep could be and why technology can be valuable for sleep, which you just summarized, right? It's like the ability to use technology to personalize everything around the environment, what that means for sleep. So you could sleep better, you could be fully optimized. And that would mean  the category of sleep fitness. We define that what we're actually building was not really something in just like the sleep space in general, which, you know, if you look at that space, there could be a lot of companies in betting, mattress, pharmaceuticals and all those things, a lot of services for sure. But that we were in this sort of other space and we wanted to build our own space in the category of sleep fitness. And we love the idea of building our own category because it makes it really fun to kind of set your own rules. We then embrace that concept.  We are a health and wellness company focused on sleep fitness. We use technology to help you sleep better and just staying very on brand, right? And like saying the same message everywhere where we could and everywhere we were going to talk about the company, how we were talking about it on our website, how we were talking about our products. And the second is product love. Like there's not much you could do. Like if you're building a brand, but people don't love your product, it's not really going to go that far, unfortunately. So you just want to make sure that you're also focused on that as you think about making something good.  So good. They love it. And they want to go do this at the beginning when we first launched the pod, which was in 2019. That was the first version of the pod. And that was also another kind of turning point for the company. We we didn't have to ask people or we didn't really ask people, but we had some early adopters who loved the product so much that would do it for us. So they were kind of in a way because they had a personal connection to us. Maybe there some of them were our investors, right? They were kind of those early advocates are really  It's definitely how we think about eight sleep. Like if you sleep on a pod, it says something about you. It says that you're a certain type of person that wants to teach certain things, take care of themselves, probably wants to perform better, probably is a little bit competitive, probably somewhat athletic or into fitness, into health. And so that's why people are so open to share their sleep stats, to say that they sleep on a pod because they believe that they're part of something bigger than just the bed they sleep on. It's almost this like identity that they've been able to incorporate  30, 40 houses on and it was in the backyard, which is right up against the water and we're all there. There's a couple of hundred people. And next thing I know there's a float that floats on over and it just has a massive like LCD screen. And literally there's an eight sleep ad that ends up being on this LCD screen. Uh, that was cool. But then later on there's a photo that starts to circulate, uh, on Twitter. And the photo is basically this person who hosted the party has like a neon sign. I forget what it said exactly in there.  But it was material he had this idea. He was just yeah, like driving around to the Vespa in Miami like he does Italian And so he saw floating billboards in the bay and This party was coming and you know It was kind of this this big thing and we knew that there were gonna be a lot of interesting people there and he thought well what if could we put a floating billboard in front of Someone's like private residents, which is very different than just running them on the bay  But in the trip being fine people loved it and they remember it. Yeah Yeah, and so one of the things I've heard people say before and I think it's fascinating It's almost like the reason why you would buy a billboard, right? Just like let's say in Times Square or wherever It's not actually for the impressions of people in the bill in Times Square at the moment It's for the photos that they go online and they get the virality online that felt almost similar here, right? It's like hey, there's this thing It's almost like a kind of like a party trick, right? Where people like oh look at this thing, you know, whatever they take a photo and they share it online and that's exactly what happened  10 p.m. We were just talking about it. Right. So I sleep my eight to nine hours. I don't stay up late. I probably left that party at like 10 p.m. that night, which was like late for me. So I'm not going to put a billboard there there that is going to make you feel guilty for having fun. Right. So it also has to play into something that's relevant for the crowd without it being like the party pooper brand that's telling you to go to bed now. So there's a lot of considerations to have. What did it say? It said some nights are worth a late night. So eight sleeps kind of giving you this.  I'm like, is he excited about dessert? Like, you know, like what's going on? And then I realized he's literally checking his, he's like, I gotta go. Cause I gotta go to sleep. And I, it just, it was amazing to me of like people who don't know you guys, I think I'm like, Oh yeah, sleep. Whatever. Like, whatever. But like you're very, very regimented, right? You're really serious about this. Uh, you test all of the products, right? Some people may have seen online, like literally, I think there was one where you were like hooked up to a bunch of machines before he went to sleep.  And you know, you read the research and you read all the books and you see it in the data. You realize really how valuable it is, right? And you see that if you invest in your sleep now, it's going to pay huge dividends in the future, not just in how you're feeling today. So you want to make that investment. And so for me, it's also kind of personal and that sounds like it's the best thing I can do to take care of my health. I prefer to have a good night's sleep than working out. If I have to sacrifice a workout for a whole week because I need to just get more  Hey, here's what happened if gunman show up. Uh, I think what time you told me, like people would literally check Twitter to see like where shootings are happening in streets, whatever. What about your childhood? Do you think kind of like prepared you for actually building a company? Right? Because I think what's so fascinating about, uh, you and Mateo specifically, I know you two best out of the company is neither one of you are from the United States. You both have very kind of distinct and different yet, um, interesting backgrounds and kind of journeys to starting the business. But when I look  becoming older and your teenager, you want to start going out with your friends, right? You kind of start learning the tricks. And what I'd say is certainly the part of Tohono I grew up in was great, was safe, thankfully, knock on wood, nothing ever happened to my family. But when you start growing up and expanding your horizons within your city, you realize that you always need to be cautious. And so you learn a lot of these sorts of tricks, right? Which I think what then it translates into as an entrepreneur is you become very resourceful. You have to figure shit out all the time. Now, what are some of the tricks?  I always think, well, there must be another solution. And I really think it comes from growing up in that environment. And obviously you see it in your parents too, right? Because that's the way they operate. That's how the way they build their businesses and everything else. So that is the one. And then the other key trick obviously is around like personal safety, which when you then start traveling, when you start living alone as a young woman in many other places, it just, it's also second nature to you because that's how you grew up, right? From how do you dress with things you carry showing off, you know, just all of these sorts of things.  really go out to like clubs, you know, you're legally, you go into Mexico and you're 18, but like we couldn't do it. And so you have to get together with your friends at home and you have to be careful which treats you take at night to go get back to your own home because there may be things happening. So you build the sort of resilience and ability to adapt to any circumstance because the world around you is really crazy. It's kind of this magical surrealism that just occurs in places like Mexico and a lot of countries in Latin America as well. But it's almost, you know, what's crazy to me is like,  And so it happens. And is it you don't want to become friends with them just because you could get caught up in something associations? You may be. You know, there were a lot of people who were like, Oh, I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I  but like how do they do that is you actually do your one-on-ones on zoom. Yeah. So I want to pick on that specific thing because I think it is a perfect example of like the way you guys have structured the business, right? And so most people who know anything about remote work know that if you're going to do remote kind of optimized company, everyone has to act like they're remote. And so usually it's in an office, right? Everyone should be on the computer, don't have, you know, 80% of the meeting in person and then 20% of people calling in.  We never talked about it. We never said well are we the type of people who are gonna build business together? It just happened and we have different skill sets and so we were just kind of complementing each other We were coming up with ideas It was usually him coming up with ideas because like his brains just on all the time. I see Dr. Ron his Vespa in New York. He's like thinking about stuff all the time like what do we do this? I love that we can make fun of him because I hear to defend himself. Yeah, it's like us driving around the Vespa. And so we were building things and We were just yeah having fun. It was like things  It was Mateo pushing to have me on board. Right. And so it was important for me to make sure that Max wanted me on board, that he didn't feel like he was compromising just because I was there. Trust me. I'm pretty sure they're very happy that you joined. And I'm very happy to be with them. And that was one of the key things for me to join them, actually. And I was very honest with them up front. I said, I have never done what you're asking me to do. I know I have certain skills to do it and I have a passion for it, but I'm doing it because I try to  Matona in terms of bringing our, doing this business together and then we have the relationship was that we don't think about this company and certainly isn't, it's not a family business. So it's not our family company. Right. And that reflects in a few things. First is the fact that even though now we very openly talk about the fact that we are a couple, it wasn't something we made part of the identity of the company early on. Right. We didn't want people to just know us because of that. And we also had other co-founders.  because you were here earlier or you're the founder. And that all of those things have certainly helped in terms of professionalizing the relationship Matto and I have because at the end of the day, he's the CEO and I lead growth and marketing. So he's my boss. I report to him. And so then the other things we started doing was how do we manage our one on ones? How do we manage the conversations when they are easier or they're tough? Making decisions between the CEO and the head of marketing. Right. So as much as we can, just treating it in the same way that he does with everyone else. So you cannot bring those  Yeah. We use separate channels. We're separate channels. And it almost is like you're putting yourself in a different mindset, right? In terms of how you're going to talk to somebody. Uh, but it feels like that has been really beneficial and actually made this not only work from a work perspective, but also, um, you know, from a, uh, relationship standpoint, right? It also like provides this environment that allows you to be husband and wife, not co-founders. Yeah. I mean, you know, when you're building a business, your business is everything. So I'm also always honest about that. Like you're working with a business.  a call like any second, no matter what we're doing, no matter how important it is for personal life, I know exactly why it matters to the business right now. I don't even need to ask. I know what he's going through and he knows the same for me. And so it's been an asset instead of a liability, even though a lot of people talk about like, oh, you don't want to invest in people who are related and companies that are founded by people who are married because what if they break up? Actually, there's no plan B for people who are building things together. The whole family is invested in that. There's no one else  you almost like get over the like social awkwardness. And like when people first come around us and they see it, they're like, Oh my God. Right. Like I grew up with these guys. Like literally we have fist fought many, many times over the years. Well, that's another thing too, is that these people know you better than anyone else. And so I find that to be one of the most challenging parts in a good way, because with Mateo as my manager, no one knows me better in the world right now than he does. And so he's able to  You can be honest and I feel like most people aren't honest with each other. Yeah, right Speaking of honesty one of the investors that you guys have is Keith R boy Who by all counts is one of the best investors probably in history in? Technology I can't believe I'm saying this because he might tweet that quote. Um, but he's always honest right? He's very direct and I think that that's off put into some people but actually founders that he works with And people who really respect him see that as like one of the superpowers that he has  And it feels like you guys and Keith work so well together because when he's honest, you guys understand that he's being honest because he really cares about the success of the business, right? It would be easy for somebody to forget.  of Miami so far. Oh my God. There's there's definitely a lot of pros. I've been loving it. I was worried that I would miss New York, but it's been great. Biggest pro, I definitely have to say the sunshine because I had a lot of issues in New York when like you had gray days and it would definitely affect my mood. And I feel like here I'm just much more energized. I want to do things. I work more just, you know, good or bad. It just gives me more energy. So I really, really appreciate the sunshine that is here in Florida year round.  the best one is because nobody knows what is the best Chinese food in Miami. So if you were out there and you know good Chinese food in Miami, please let us know. I have a whole group of friends that are looking for this. All right. Three questions. Then you get asked me one to finish. Most important book you've ever read. Ooh. I'd probably say when breath becomes air. Oh, that's a great one. Because when I read it, my dad had just passed away. And so it just became kind of like,  I love that book. Second question is your sleep schedule. I usually ask people about their sleep schedule. You said eight to nine hours. What else do you do other than sleep on the mattress and pod in terms of trying to get good sleep? Yeah, it varies. So I don't drink alcohol and then it varies kind of the tips and tricks. Maybe sometimes I'll do some CBD melatonin gummies if I'm just like feeling like I cannot unplug in the evening. So I'll do that maybe an hour before  is just like, that's kind of like something that's soothing that then puts your sleep. Yes. Got it. Uh, third question is aliens. Are you a believer or nonbeliever? Oh God, I'm definitely a believer. I mean, there has to be something else out there in the universe. Come on. Yeah. Do you think that we'll ever come in contact with them? I think so. Really? Yeah. Oh, see, I think they're coming here. We're going there. I mean, if we want to go and colonize Mars, like eventually you think that we're there. Well, maybe somewhere else. Yeah. The whole Mars thing, uh,  be a challenge. And then there's the other thing of like getting people there. And there's like trying to get people into a state of like sleep. So like only putting you to sleep so that you make the journey and then like waking you up there. Like there's all these interesting things and they've been studying sleep. NASA has been for a while now and see like it's going to be a challenge. So apparently people who are the night owls are going to be able to adjust better. Interesting. The sleeping on the way