 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video. Some more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  I love it. It's like the land of the free. And I'm not just saying that everyone here is I was at a coffee shop and the barista was like, what do you do? And I was like, I work in tech. And she's like, oh, you work in tech. That's great. But in San Francisco, you get a very different attitude to that. What is the attitude in San Francisco? Just like dirty looks, wear a mask, that sort of thing. Yeah, I laughed. And when I saw it was Jason Calcanis tweeted the other day and he said,  like your background, where'd you grow up? You've got an incredible story and your family's been involved in a whole bunch of crazy stuff before you started the company. So maybe just walk us through like your life before you started the company. So I was a high school student in England and it was my dream to come to Silicon Valley. I taught myself to code using like Stanford YouTube videos. And I thought, if I can get there to this place, it's a dream come true. And so I got into Stanford and moved there six years ago now. And when I went there, it lived up to my  And so when you get there, did you know you want to start a company? Was it more so just I want to be in the technology industry? Like what was your thought process going into Stanford and then the first couple months or years that you're there? I always knew I wanted to tinker with projects as an engineer, but I fell into my company. Do not pay by accident by getting all these parking tickets. We'll get to the parking tickets in a second. You told me the story of it's absurd. Growing up, though, your dad went to Russia and had this ridiculous kind of experience where basically he's an American  It was very scary. I think the scariest aspect was when my father devoted everything to fight the Russians. And it's one thing to go after like maybe like government bureaucrats or have legal problems. But it's another thing to go after the mafia. And so lots of scary things happened. He was deported. His lawyer was murdered. And it really taught me to be fearless in life. It puts everything in perspective. When something minor happens, I just think it could be a lot worse. Yeah.  What kind of drove that decision? I think for him when, um, and I can't speak for him, but when his lawyer was murdered, um, he, he felt like he was a part of that. And so he wants to get justice for the lawyer. The lawyer gave his life for justice and so the least he could do was give his life for justice for the lawyer. Yeah. And so for you now that you're older and you kind of look back to that time, is there anything that you kind of take away now that maybe you didn't appreciate it at the time or didn't really understand that was happening? I think,  Facebook, people would always bring this up, right? Like Facebook is like, you know, ruining the world. It's like, well, hold on a second. Like, sure. Of course, there's negative impacts when you connect a bunch of humans, but it's more so you're probably just allowing humans to be humans. But look at all of the positive impact, right? People can stay in touch with their families. They can share photos. They can learn things. They can communicate. Like all of this is a net positive. And so the negative side effects of technology seem to be very, very minuscule compared to the positive aspects. I think technology is being used  It's a weapon and The weapons in life immediately go to the rich and powerful big corporations and then over time trickle down To consumers and so I think it's just being used by the people that want to use it negatively at the moment Yeah You start do not pay and it all starts with parking tickets on Stanford's campus. So my understanding Tell us that story of why were you getting so many parking tickets? well, everyone drives on the other side of the road here and I was a terrible driver and  ticket guy. And so all of a sudden they all started asking me for my help as well. And I was spending maybe two hours a day on Microsoft Word back then copying and pasting documents for my friends. And I thought, what am I doing with my life? Like, why isn't this automated? And more so, why do you have to pay a lawyer 50% of the cost of the ticket if you don't have the time to research for hours in the night like I do. So I created the first version of Do Not Pay, just for fun really to impress my friends. And we went from one case  So no, it didn't. People were just submitting cases and it wouldn't actually work for them. And so I thought I have to expand this thing really quickly. Like 30,000 people are showing up and I can't help them. Exactly. They're going to turn their anger and madness on me rather than on the people giving the parking ticket. Yeah. And I had like 12 followers on Twitter at the time. I had never gone viral, being contacted by anyone. And all of a sudden I was getting like 300 angry emails a day saying like, by the way, can you help me with my email?  or claim number, whatever it is. And then you guys would do everything from generate demand letters or kind of dispute letters all the way to actually file things for folks. And so as you're doing this, it seems like you're almost like just listening to customers. They tell you, hey, I have a problem. You guys write some software. Okay, now we can solve that. You now have 200 of these. At what point are you like, hey, this isn't like me and pressing my friends anymore. Like this is gonna be a company. Like what, when does that kind of hit you? I think about a year in, I, one of the VCs  business model. I was just like, I love this product. I hate the government. I want to build a product to fight the government. I didn't know how I would charge people or what would the business model be? Yeah. And so as you're starting to raise the money, what are like the funny conversations, right? Does every investor immediately get in there? So I guess this is amazing. Or are there people who are just like, dude, what are you talking about? This is crazy. And I'm not funding a parking ticket dispute company. Yeah, that was like 90 percent of the conversations.  charge a subscription. All right. Why Mark Zuckerberg's first Facebook house? Is there like some element of specifically seeking that house out? Was it some kind of like message to the world? Why that house? It was great marketing because every other day a bus of people would come and we could just give them do not pay app invites. So what? And the landlord was a relic of a different era. And so he didn't really use Zillow or know how much the house was worth. So we actually got a great deal on it and we didn't actually find it as much  Yeah, and then would you guys like give like a tour inside the house or just like let them walk? Yeah We'd have to waste some time with the tour and come up with some story Right here. Let me tell you what Mark did in the living room. Exactly. That's right. We're just trying to get emails for our initial uses What's the craziest story you think you guys made up about the house? I mean we didn't make anything up but we're like this is marks bed and it probably was marks bed, but still All right, so I've seen you describe do not pay as a compound story  a parking ticket once a year. So they would forget about the service every time they use it and you'd have to reacquire the customer and all this stuff. So I knew for Do Not Pay to be successful would have to help a consumer every month. And luckily there are many disputes that a consumer has. People are being ripped off left, right and center, but one has to build that. So I actually spent four years building out the infrastructure to generate these letters, send it off to the right place before I felt comfortable even charging people.  between your dad going and kind of seeking justice, right? And then you basically going up against these corporations, going up against local governments who are fundraising through parking tickets, et cetera. You've been called the Robin Hood of the internet, which is just one of badass name to be called. Undeserved. Maybe in 20 years. But like, is there an element of we're using technology to kind of fight back against the system or is that just kind of happenstance? People like to spin that story. No, I really dislike authority and just love to live freely.  when you say, hey, we've got 200 products today, we're going to add the 200 first one. Like how do you evaluate? What's the next thing you go do? By the end of this year, we're looking to save around a hundred million in aggregate for consumers. Um, a lot of our products save people time, like canceling subscriptions, um, as well. Yeah. And so when you evaluate that new product, right? Let's say you have three different options to choose from. Like what's the framework you used to say, like we should launch this one before, you know, the other two. So we have three rules for ourselves. The first is it has to be truly managed.  kind of doing this. I think a lot of people look and say, Hey, it's, you know, Joshua, the do not pay team and the consumer versus the man. Right. And it's very much kind of taking back rights, uh, using technology to, uh, to do this. But also in many cases, you're actually just reducing friction. You're reducing barrier to, uh, things that people have a right to. So for example, the pandemic relief, right? There was all kinds of programs created. There was all sorts of money or services that were available to folks. One, they may not know, or two,  these online systems, you could still send in the paper form. So we built a bot to fill in the form for unemployment benefits in all 50 states and mailed it in automatically with an API. So when you do that, like I go online, right? I basically type in my information. What happens from there until physical piece of paper is mailed? It will go through the questions and explain the questions to you because sometimes you don't even know you're giving up rights by saying yes or no to these questions.  Yeah, we don't go outside. We're just coding. Okay. Yeah. You don't go outside at all. No, but just metaphorically. Well, you know, you're in, if you're in Miami, it's nice to go outside here. When you think about how many people use these services for the pandemic related stuff, like how does that compare in popularity to your other products that weren't pandemic related? At the time it was a few hundred thousand. Now it's died down. And as the world is opening up, all the typical bureaucracy  interacting with their systems completely. So for example, one product we have is called the free trial credit card. It's a credit card you can sign up for any free trial and it does. It's not linked to you. It's not even linked to your bank account. Um, and Netflix blocks our entire card network from that. So we have to switch it, um, and keep innovating to stop them, but we're more motivated than them. So I'm not too worried about it. So you have a product where I can go, I can use this. It's essentially a virtual card, right?  Yeah, and we see this with the government to them blocking our IPS So we've built this work around where when someone uses the do not pay app The appeal is submitted from their IP address on the phone. So it's like very decentralized So they have to block all the IPS not just one do not pay IP So really what you're doing here is you're essentially spending all day long figuring out not only one how to build the automated systems and what products to build but then you're also building this like almost anti-establishment decentralized  signs up with a dot gov address and we get like three a day. It's very interesting. Everyone is signing up from the government across the US and they want to see how it works or they want to use the service to get out of a parking ticket or something. Both, but they're trying to scope out. And what do you do if they sign up from a dot gov address? We leave them alone, but we watch them very carefully. In some way now they're on your turf, right? And so you, you can pay attention. There is some positive though. When we launched it,  Yeah. So in some weird way, even though you're fighting them by giving them a standardized letter or information or whatever, you can actually make them better at their job and just make it a more efficient process between the dispute and the government or the credit agency or whatever. Yeah. And we're very humble. We know that in New York City, they make a billion dollars a year from tickets. And so even if we're appealing a few million dollars a year from New York, we're just a drop in the water. So we're actually saving them that biggest cost base, which is dealing with these appeals. Yeah.  pandemic relief bills, there was $25 million in the bill for cleaning supplies of the capital building, which by the way, I don't know how big it is. I don't know how much the cleaning supplies should cost, but that just seems like $25 million is not one going to last forever. Right. So like, what is that for a year or two of cleaning supplies? And it just seems like a lot. Yeah. Um, there's a really big scandal. The TSA was trying to make an app that said, should passengers go left or right? Just randomly, whether they should go left or right. It costs $1.4 million.  to cause mass chaos in the TSA line. Yeah. All the Amex colors can go right. I love it. Uh, when you think about the company over the next like three, five, 10 years, what does this become? Is it just literally almost an army of like robot lawyers and you just continue to knock out product after product feature. Uh, and eventually you can kind of eat into the everyday life, right? In terms of just every single thing you interface, uh, do not pay as a solution if you have a problem or is there someone  it's best that we work for our customers. Yeah. Uh, are there corporations or any types of, you know, products or things that you can do with non like retail or consumer, uh, type customers, or is it just continue to serve the individual people and everything else is a distraction? I think as long as it helps 50 million people, it doesn't matter who they are. So we've got small business products, finance products. So we're looking to be more sophisticated, but it has to impact everyone. Yeah. What is like a small business product example?  So that now people can as a first step Do we think that's a good idea? I think Whenever you have inconsistency where some rules are being applied differently. I've seen firsthand how that can go snowball in the wrong direction So I think that maybe the mission could be good but Treating things inconsistently is never a good idea in the legal system Yeah, it feels like we got a crash course in that over the last 12 months of local state and federal governments picking and choosing when to implement certain rules  then you get out of the parking ticket that was $300 versus it's more so actually the merit of the case, right? Where it's like the individual details really matter. We are strongly focused on the law. So there have been companies in the past, they call them loophole companies, where they automate credit card policies, for example. The problem is that the big companies only offer these loopholes because they think no one will use them. All of a sudden, AI comes along and automates the price protection on your credit card and the credit card companies  That seems to be like one of the big areas that in Android So I don't know just all iOS and desktop right now or what's the platforms? Everyone always says complains about Android, but do not pay.com works perfectly on all devices And so do you have a iOS app as well or we do? Okay. Do you have an Android app? No, no, but the website works. So just like the mobile web. Yes, and it's really good Alright, so Android users get the mobile web and you should be okay and you can add it to your home screen as well Oh, so it's basically like  And also you have too many your app is too app store like and so you have 30 days and so on election night They actually removed us and only when there was public uproar and we changed it a bit Did they have changed their mind and they wanted 30% of the subscription? Yes, but there was a point in time where they didn't take 30% That's right. Okay, just change their policies every day. It's worse than the government at least the government is transparent and There are different judges, but if there's one corporation they act in their own interests. Is it monopoly?  I think on both sides, frankly, right? It's like, whoa, this is way worse than we thought, both in terms of the egregious and kind of the overreach of the app store and the fees and all that stuff. But then also like what some of the companies are doing, right? Where they explicitly know that it's against the app store rules, but they're trying to do it to intentionally kind of elicit the response and all of that. But the other thing that I think was most surprising out of everything I read was there's this belief that, hey, we always charge the same thing to every app.  and then it comes out that you're not doing that. That's what it seems like. It's almost like you're, somebody once told me the crime's not the worst part, it's the coverup. Like that feels like in this case, that's true. Yeah, and in the Amazon example, they covered it up by saying, oh no, they didn't get a special deal. That was part of the premium video subscription program, which they invented just to cover up. This is a real story. What about global markets? You're in the US, in the UK, what other markets are you in? And are there certain markets  I'm not stupid, but you'll know what it is next week. Okay. So, uh, I got married last year and my wife went to change her name and there, I think there are companies where you can like mail your documents in and try to change all this. Uh, it's a nightmare, but the thing that blew my mind was in some States, you have to get it written into the newspaper in order to have it recognized as a legal name change. And I literally, when I got told as I was like, excuse me, like I didn't even know some newspaper still existed, let alone that the law requires you to  an uncontested divorce, there's no assets to split. It should be very simple. With that said, it still costs $3,000. Yeah. And so where's that cost coming from? Filing $1,000 in filing fees, $2,000 to hire a lawyer to make sure you fill out the paperwork, right? And Do Not Pay can't do that because there's lots of human involvement built into the system. And there will be one day when people will have their AirPods on and Do Not Pay is whispering into their AirPods, but not yet.  abuse it. But what I've noticed over the past six years working on Do Not Pay is the crazies already know how to abuse the system. If it really takes them downloading an app or going on a website, signing up, paying for a subscription and going through this long flow, they're probably not crazy in the first place. And so we've had very little, I mean, I think we've banned about a dozen users over the past six years, so very little abuse. What were the banned users doing? Like 1000 cases. We have systems  three do not pay employees, hate their HOAs, everyone I've spoken to hates their HOAs. And there are all these rights that people have regarding this. So they can't just find you without any kind of recourse. So do not pay gives you that recourse, stops them from finding you. You can complain, have reviews, see documents, because it's very secretive sometimes. They hold these secret meetings and they're like, oh yeah, we'd find you $1,000. The building that I live in,  What percentage of the product you guys build are internally thought of and it's just like a personal pain point or an employee versus external, like whether it's customers writing in asking for something or just like you talk to a friend and they give you an idea. I say they combine together. So the customers come up with the general problem like I hate Robo callers and then we use our internal hacks to solve that problem. So with Robo callers, the biggest challenge is knowing who they are. You can actually sue Robo callers for up to  right now I can go on do not pay. I can basically come up with a credit card. I can answer a robo call. I give them the credit card number. They try to charge the number. Now all of a sudden I know who it is. And then you send them the demand letter and go through the sewing process. And do people get money for this? Yeah, up to 1.5 k per call. And what's these robo coolers are really scared of a class action lawsuit. And so they were actually settled quickly. They settle on the highest percentage out of anything, even more than like a security deposit. Really? Yeah. How much money do you think do not pay customers have gotten from suing the robo call or  And then I'm going to have you come back and we're going to talk about whether I got my 1.5 K or not. Okay. If I can go in after these people, uh, photo free subscription, but no, no, no, I want to pay. I want to pay because, uh, I want to document the process. Uh, photo ninja is one of my favorites just because I was telling you before, I feel like some of the products you guys have are proactive and people don't even know that it's a problem. So explain what photo ninja does and kind of what the problem you guys solve there was. So we're fighting facial recognition and stalking.  out their true identity. So it protects privacy and it also stops data from being sold, especially with these Apple privacy changes over the past few weeks. You now can't identify devices as easily. So the data brokers are going to other techniques like facial recognition to find out who you are. Yeah. And how did this product come up? The same. This is something that I've done myself and I've thought about and I thought, why doesn't everyone have access to this? And so then you just like, let's just productize.  or they don't have the time to do it. And so technology is great for that. So like, let's take photo ninja, HOA, parking ticket. Like how long does it take you guys to build one of these? Parking ticket took about three weeks to build, but we've gotten the product development time. If we know exactly what we're going to do to about four days. Really? So you can basically, that's how you're able to build 200 plus products. It's just, you can very quickly knock these out. Yeah. Like one a week. Okay. And how big is the team working on this? It's just 13 people. Just 13 people.  I think it's better to just be on the side of the consumer so we don't do any biz staff.