 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  in the newsletter and on these podcasts, we've been kind of describing a bullish setup, right? This consolidation that we've been in now for Jesus, been two or three months. And we've just kind of been waiting for confirmation in either direction. And then Elon around 6pm on Wednesday, he decided to come out and tweet whatever he did about Bitcoin's environmental impact. And that had a big impact on the price in short term.  saw this huge outflow of coins from exchanges. So to me, at least, it seems like somebody had some kind of information about what was going to happen.  leverage traders just got absolutely wrecked. Yeah. And so talk a little bit more about the Bitcoin that got moved on to the exchange. What did you see there? Do we know who that was? And then you said there were some Bitcoin moved off of the exchanges afterwards. Yeah. So a few hours before the dump, there were 19,000, I misquoted the number earlier, 19,259 Bitcoins that were moved on to exchanges. And then afterwards, so this is just running a moving average. Anyone can see  It also looks like about $650 million worth of tether got printed. What's going on there?  is there on the exchanges waiting to be deployed for sure. And one other thing I wanted to touch on was this metric, SOPR. So this is something that we've discussed in previous newsletters and pods. So SOPR just basically measures like the net profit loss of the market on any given day. And during this event, I ran a six hour moving average and a 24 hour moving average over this metric. And on both of those timeframes, we had the biggest drop in SOPR.  50,300. If that 46k, that really nasty wick we saw from the from the long liquidations, if that wasn't the bottom, then we're very close to it. But based off of this, this SOPR metric, which, like I said, has timed most of the bottoms, we should be very close to a bottom here. And and also we bounced off two major moving averages that kind of serve as bull market support. So there's the 128 day moving average, which has  moving averages, which when you look at previous cycles after we've had those corrections to come back and retest those moving averages, we've had some pretty crazy gains in the coming weeks and months following them. Remind us what the funding rate metric is and then what happened on the funding rates. Yeah. So the funding rate is another metric that you can kind of use to time the bottom. I think the funding rates and the SOPR are two of my favorite metrics to use to kind of get a rough  price, binance, crack-in, et cetera. And they're all weighted based off of the amount of volume that they have on their exchanges. And then there's an average price, which is what the Oracle gives these trading exchanges, for example, like Bitmex, or FTX is another popular one. And so the contracts, the perpetual swap contracts are pegged to that Oracle price through funding rates. So when the majority of the  And when funding rates go negative, it's showing the opposite. The majority of the market is looking to go short and therefore their funding longs to take the other side of the trade there. And during the event after Elon decided to tweet that, we saw the funding rates go negative. And then what was interesting though is we saw this very short bounce back in funding rates. We had a decline for, I'm looking at it now about seven or eight hours. And then out of nowhere, we just shot right back up,  we're very close to the bottom if we haven't reached one. Got it. And when you start to think about kind of the leverage that was in the system, it feels like a lot of that got flushed out here. Yeah, absolutely. So, you know, when you just flat out are looking at the futures open interest, we had a huge wipeout during this event about $1.8 billion of futures open interest in total, which is a good thing because, you know, in the short term price then doesn't have as much weight to speculative traders.  through what you would expect to happen in a bull market between kind of small walls, medium size and large, and then what actually is happening right now? Yeah, that's a great question. So, you know, there's for the very small wallets, I don't know, like 0.001 BTC to one BTC, you're seeing those very small cohorts have been accumulating steadily throughout all Bitcoin's existence, and they continue to do so throughout this bull market. When you look at, you know, some of the higher threats  actually peaked out. And I think CoinDesk put an article out about this and saying that it was kind of a negative thing. I just see it as kind of neutral because you started to see these whales trim out of their positions midway through each cycle. And in 2017, they actually, the peak of whales that were coming on the network was around $675, which of course was very, very far from the top. And it's just something that you start to see  although we had just mentioned the whales are selling off, that cohort is actually offsetting the decrease in supply coming from the larger cohort. They're offsetting it by, I think it's 86,000. What that illustrates to me is either there's just more buying from these high net worth individuals, or also maybe some of the larger cohorts, let's say they have 10,000 BTC  some altcoins, you'll see those specific entities move into the lower cohort. So it's a combination of things. But I think you need to look at all the different cohorts to get the full picture rather than just looking at one specific one and drawing to any conclusions. Yeah. What are miners doing this week? Yeah, that's a great question. So, you know, we've been talking about how miners have been accumulating and throughout the dip they have just continued to do just so. There's two main  of accumulating during the consolidation before the next price run up. So in my opinion, that illustrates that they're just waiting for higher prices. There's another metric last note has called minor unspent supply, and it's just basically measuring. And rather than running an average, it's just literally looking at the raw balance of minor wallets. During the dip, we actually saw an uptick in that. So miners seem like they're still super bullish on the asset, and they're expecting higher prices.  like more attractive levels to start adding on some more to their stack, perhaps once again because they're expecting higher prices. Also, they're very similar to the minor net position change. Glassnode has a metric called long-term net position change, which is the same thing. It's running an average over the trailing 30-day difference of the behavior of this cohort, the long-term holders. That's been in the green for over a month as well. It's illustrating a very similar picture. One metric I wanted to touch on was  is growing faster than the underlying investor activity or on-chain transactional volume. And when it's going down, it means that the on-chain transactional volume is outpacing the growth of market caps. It's a very simple ratio, but that ratio has been trending down since January. So to me, that's another indicator of what we've been talking about recently about how we're just in this consolidation. And two other things you can look at, realize cap, right? So that's a good way to track  2017 all-time high market price of $20,000 this week, which is, in my opinion, a really good sign that you're seeing capital come in and flow in at these higher price levels and set a new floor for us. Then on a very similar note, if you just look at the on-chain transactional volume itself, we continue to just build this huge zone of near these $40,000 to $60,000 price levels, especially in that $54,000 to  at the data, but I'm sure anybody that's been in a bull run before can vouch for this that you don't just consolidate sideways for two, three months and then just fall off a cliff. You have these huge price run-ups. And then when you get up higher, people stop selling, people start to get greedy, and people stop taking profits, and you don't have a lot of distribution, a lot of on-chain volume distribution at those top levels. But we're seeing the complete opposite right now. We're just seeing this huge zone of support, which  behavior on chain. Nothing that we've been talking about has changed at all. Yeah, it just feels like short term. Everyone freaks out long term. We're still good to go. Bull market in check and consolidate for a little bit and then we'll see what happens in the future. Yeah, and it's a really good thing. In my opinion, I think the volatility is very necessary because you see all these short term speculators or people that haven't done their full research on A, what Bitcoin is or how the price behaves. Anybody that's been in Bitcoin knows we have these crazy  internet or subscribe to your email.  W Clementi and then three eyes at the end because I am the third in my family. But other than that, I'm pumping. I'm going to keep pumping these out and I'm glad you guys are finding some value in these. I really enjoy doing them. Doing a fantastic job. Keep it up my friend and we'll do this podcast again on Saturday. Yes, sir. Appreciate you.