 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  federal needs to go into the moon, but that's what they all keep saying. Let's start with your background. What did you do before consensus? So a long time ago, I was a computer scientist and cognitive scientist. I did a lot of applied science after that. So basically did a lot of work trying to unify work on human cognition and computation. Then ended up working at an offshoot of the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory called Sensor Star where we built like robotics and computer vision, stuff like that.  from the white paper stage, just from a money nerd perspective. Wish I had bought every, sold all my clothes and bought it. But- Did you buy any? A little bit. But, you know, wish I had done more. But, you know, mostly just nerd stuff. We feel really bad for you. Thanks. So, you know, over time, you know, kind of stop paying attention to Bitcoin, honestly, because everyone was making like a wallet or an exchange or selling drugs on the internet. I didn't really want to do any of those as a business. But I think  people, kind of a loose group of people, but it was me, Joe, maybe like two or three other people in a room. All right. And what's the vision for consensus when you start? Uh, it was to collect the smartest people around in, uh, that knew what a theory of was, which was probably only a handful of people on the planet at the time that could actually write software, um, start building basically a, what we call a hub and spoke model, but essentially, uh, started seeding the ecosystem was our goal. Right. Um, it was kind of like 1991.  No, in the early days it was some crypto, but then eventually it became like a normal corporation. We have to pretend to have a real account. Okay. Just before everyone gets all upset, I feel like if we sat down and we'd be like, oh, he's the Ethereum guy and I'm the Bitcoin guy. Fuck all that. That's all labeled. It's all stupid. What is your view of Ethereum and what's your view of Bitcoin today? Like, how do you think of those two assets? Are they competing with each other? Are they two different things? What are they?  the Bitcoin's gonna stay basically what it is. And it can be sort of a reserve asset in that sense. So fair to categorize as if a trade-off is security versus like innovation speed, et cetera, it's choosing security over the others. Yeah, totally. Okay. Ethereum. Ethereum I see as a programmatic substrate for a new economy, right? It is. What does that mean? That was smart nurture. So, you know, so it's the operating system for what you could build  ETH, market cap, first market cap, asset versus asset. Is that fair or do you think that's misguided? In some cases, they compete with each other. It competes with each other for mindshare. Some people are, institutions are investing in Bitcoin because they know it's going to be valuable over time. They don't quite understand the Ethereum narrative yet. I think they will. And so I do think they compete a little bit in that sense of this is going to be a permanent and important asset, but they do occupy different head spaces essentially in different market niches.  But in general they they're the Venn diagram is not that crossing over. Yeah, so Let's go right at I think one of the big things that the aetherium community continues to say that the Bitcoin community is like you guys ready It's like there's no way that's true. It's this idea of eth is money I think the aetherium community is like hey you guys are idiots in the Bitcoin community for whatever reason around Bitcoin is money, right? Do you think it is money and then how do you  know the US dollar qualifies as a store of value, but it checks a lot of those boxes. You can use it to pay for stuff right now. People do pay for stuff with it, but I honestly don't think that's the most important debate. One of the big criticisms of Ethereum from the Bitcoin community is that it has no capped supply. The only way you can kind of estimate how much supply it'll have is by looking at its issuance over time with EIP 1559, the new rollouts of Ethereum and Ethereum 2.0.  And so like it's fair just to like say, okay, that's the line in the sand and like whichever side you agree, you agree. Fair? Sure. Yeah. Like if you think one's more valuable than the other, then like, that's what you're going to kind of oscillate around. Right. Yeah. I mean, you know, they both solve the same problem. Uh, you know, I think a lot of the distinction is religious more than intellectual. All right. Now that we got that out of the way, I want you to tell me what the hell is going on in the most degenerate defy corners of the world.  Yes. Yeah, we should start. That's a great. So, you know, it is degenerate and it refers to the fact that people are throwing lots of money around in different smart contracts and doing things that like really are fairly financially degenerate in the normal world. But there's also a tremendous amount of value that's being created because people are creating new financial primitives and they're bootstrapping liquidity of those primitives. I can explain what that means. But, you know, essentially what's happened is over last summer, there's this, this era that people called DeFi summer happened.  It doesn't work right so founders need a way to get liquidity in there and if you think about the capital markets You know people need some of the same stuff in normal companies to write that's why we have underwriters Because they they introduced liquidity they help they help write the price You know correct the price of something when it launches and so you know you need those things you need to set the price you need to interest liquidity you need to get the thing launching to issue the new asset or whatever and So what urine did is they figured out a new mechanism that no one had thought of before the people call liquidity mining  to most people, right? But go ahead. Yeah, I mean, the part where it gets really de-gen is that when people start designing these mechanisms that essentially reward you for providing liquidity, sometimes they don't know exactly how to set the issuance rate. Like they set it in the smart contract and you, you know, say I put a million bucks inside the smart contract, which they want me to do, that might give me $10,000 or it might give me $10 million back as a reward. And it depends on how they set the parameters and what other people are doing. And so sometimes you can get these really  helped launch and service this thing called the Neptune Dow. The Neptune Dow is a liquidity providing Dow. And we have engineers that are excellent at auditing smart contracts that actually probably audited those specific contracts before. And we can look at them and make sure it's on a scam. But okay, so hold on back up, back up, back up. A liquidity Dow. What is that? So essentially, people have realized, especially people on the forefront of the DJ game, have realized that they want exposure to this, this new game, right?  So like we're kind of a new type of market participant. But essentially it's a bunch of, it's a pooled vehicle. It's a Moloch contracts. If anyone's familiar with those other dows like the Lao or the Flamingo Dow or the same one, but it's a pool of money. So I'm going to laugh the whole time at the names cause only in crypto, but go ahead. We get, we get weird. But you know, it's a, it's a pool of money. It's pool of liquidity that we can do whatever the governance mechanism says we can do with it. But mostly what we want to do with it is help protocols, bootstrap their liquidity and get rewarded for it.  protocol that launched over last summer called based and it was very explicitly a game theoretic game. I think their words were designed to transfer money from the weekends to the strong. But essentially they had designed the mechanics such that it would go in these extreme oscillations like up a thousand percent or two thousand percent and then down to nothing and then the liquidity would get pulled out and then you couldn't sell it and then it would drive it back up etc.  down so much is like almost a toy, right? It's like one, you can sit and watch, and I'm sure people love watching, like, oh, we're up 2,000% and went down, whatever. There's an economic element of like, I'm sure people try to sell it at the top and buy it at the bottom, and sometimes you're right, sometimes you're wrong. But then there's this other element of like, it's so freaking crazy that you probably get entertainment and like talking to your friends about it. Yeah, I mean, definitely. I mean, that was very much like very meme-heavy, like, you know, a little bit like gambling, but it also,  to be able to launch stuff. But sometimes it's like fake anonymity. Like sometimes it's like, oh, Sam wants a new project. He's using, you know, I don't know, based whatever is his pseudonym. But like, everyone knows that Sam and other times it's like, literally nobody knows. Yeah. No, this is like, nobody knows. And it's partially because it's, um, you don't, you don't know what's going on. Right. And also, you know, uh, liability comes from identity. Right. So it's, I think we're seeing an era of a lot of anonymous founders, right.  Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm corrected. So, you know, tendies is what they call money in their parlance. And so tendies is like a play on that. That's very explicitly a game. Some of these things though are real, right? And a lot of what we're doing within Neptune Dow is we're actually, we're trying to take a long-term position in these assets and these things sometimes like venture capital has gotten a bad rap within crypto deservedly. So in many cases, because  Anyone can come to participate in the very beginning by providing liquidity. And if you help bootstrap the thing, then you're one of the early participants, one of the holders. And the teams don't take tokens in those fair launches or they still take tokens sometimes? Often no. I mean, I'm sure the teams have probably figured out some way to help farm it for themselves. And that's one of the things we might want to do, right? Is like, what do founders need? You know, like maybe we want to help them farm it or whatever. But I don't think those mechanics have been completely determined. And what's fair, I think the market probably isn't  And so and when you say help them bootstrap or provide liquidity Are you talking about taking ETH in most cases and basically providing it in some smart contract, you know? Or some kind of liquidity pool and then leaving it there and you're almost earning yield on your assets and then that's you're giving them the liquidity you're earning that yield but that yields paid in the token of the Yeah, yeah, essentially. So it's a little bit like, you know Amazon credits given to startups or something. They want to incentivize people to come in  What they did is they said, if you take your Uniswap liquidity and you move it over to SushiSwap, we'll start spitting out SushiSwap tokens into your wallet. And by doing that, and if you calculate the yields on that, it's really high. It's like hundreds of percent or something. So people said, of course, yeah, I'm going to migrate that liquidity over. And hence SushiSwap was born. And that's how they got the liquidity. So I was telling you beforehand, the way that I view this has changed from a framework standpoint. At first it was everyone's saying yield  they just created a bunch of tokens, right? Put it into a treasury essentially. And they said, Sam, you should come here and give us your liquidity. And when you do that, we're just gonna take tokens out of our own thing. We're just gonna dump them on you, right? And we're gonna give you hundreds of percent. And then over time it gets commoditized down. One, the race were unsustainable. I think everyone kind of understood that. Two was it wasn't really true yield from like a lending or re-hypothecation standpoint. It was just the use of the tokens, it was airdrops or whatever. What somebody said to me that I think is actually a fair point is  credits, it's not necessarily dollars, it's something they created. All right, so all that is out there, agree or disagree that that's the right way to live. I agree and I think it also has the byproduct of distributing your asset and creating your assets. So it's not necessarily that they have it in the treasury already and they dump it on you, it's that that is the event that generates the token to begin with, which is something they needed to do. They needed to have some distribution schedule or logic of how that gets created. So it does that for them and then it puts the  90% scams and you know 5% real light like how would you from your opinion break down? Between those three planets. I think there's like a sliding scale that depends on that scares me. That's your answer Well, you know it well It's a time a time slider Let's say so like when aetherium started doing this a lot of the projects that were launching Were legitimate and they were experimental because no one ever thought of this before but they were legitimately trying to do something and then you know  a group of people that could roll back Ethereum? Not physically, no. I mean, you'd have to get every 51% of all the miners in the world, or more than that even, I think you could argue. I don't know enough about BSC Ethereum differences to know what to ask there. Ethereum has thousands of node operators all over the world that don't know each other, right? Like tens of thousands, at least, of miners that are all mining it, and they all have to agree if they wanted to change something.  So you could launch these farms. Initially there are probably some people, you know, building real things like pancake swap is a real thing. I've actually heard of that one. Yeah. Yeah. It has a big market cap. Like it has real utility. If you believe BSC has real utility, but, and then, you know, and or people were saying, well, it's too expensive to launch on Ethereum. I'm going to launch on BSC and maybe I'm going to Ethereum later or something else later. Right. So it has that really utility. And, but then, you know, that's so cheap and so easy over time.  the other side of the argument the best, what do you think is the fair critiques of Ethereum or this whole world? And maybe you say there are none. I don't know. It's perfect. Vitalik is a god. Well, so. That's gonna be a meme. Somebody meme that. So, I think some of the criticisms are probably rightfully around the edge cases of trust  then this is how you dispute it and you go to arbitration and you go to this court and you talk to humans about it, right? So I think while we can over time dramatically make more efficient and faster and cheaper a large part of the trust infrastructure of the world like court systems and law enforcement and lawyers and stuff like that, we can't totally eliminate it. So I think that immutability and that hard lining  So yes, possibly, and not to both. Yeah, to both. I mean, either Ether or something like it, and not to talk in my book, right? I have an open mind. I personally really like Ethereum, and I think it has the strongest case for taking that on. Now that we've realized that there can be this decentralized trust infrastructure that is dramatically cheaper, and people talk about the environmental impact of crypto or whatever, but the right comparison  They literally print physical papers. How many trees get killed? Just so we're very clear being facetious to a degree like that is the Outrageousness of the argument right is if we basically said look at how many trees the media industry is killing We should shut down the media industry. Yeah, like people would be like that's okay. Okay, that's exactly what you're saying about crypto Yeah, and I'm like if you don't understand that cutting down the trees has some value then yeah, maybe it seems make sense, but it doesn't because  People get upset about the word money, but if it had a native asset built into it if HTTP if your web browser since the early 90s had a money built into it That would probably be pretty freaking valuable. I think that's the bull case for it What are the odds that what I'm about to say is true? Bitcoin first digital currency rate People want to do more with it. They can't smart contracts composability, etc They go in the build of aetherium and then a plethora of other  I  Which community is is more vibrant? Well, you know if you like like unicorns and You know anime and also the future of finance Ethereum if you like like steak and like Ludwig van Mises probably Bitcoin We're both in trouble  You know a theory on base defy they'll go participate in all these lending and liquidity stuff and they'll like Wall Street will become DJ and over time or like like what or is that all fantasy land and like there's gonna buy Bitcoin Maybe they'll buy some eat them like that's it. Yeah, I mean, I think I think there's a few layers of that right there obviously already buying Bitcoin If you looked at the last few days of a theorem, you know, it looks like somebody big is buying a bunch of theorem I'm not sure but  you know, mud and the, you know, when they have their limited partnership agreements and they have their regulatory, you know, compliance guys and, you know, they look at that, it freaks them out, right? And so some of the stuff is completely decentralized. There's almost no way that you could, you could touch that from the current perspective, right? That said, I often talk to large, well-capitalized hedge fund guys that are like, I really wish I could work on this guy. I work for you actually. So, um, I think, I think the,  They figured out they needed to do something different. I'm sure they'll figure out the next thing too. It'll take time though. That's actually a great point. I always forget that. You've thought about this before. Alright, I know we gotta go. I got three questions to finish up. You'll get to ask me one. First is what's the most important book you've ever read? The most important book I've ever read. I think you might have asked me this before so I'll probably, I don't know if I'll say the same book but  Because over time evolution will wear down anything that doesn't meet certain efficiencies certain design patterns that nature has discovered over billions of years and this is his explication in deep scientific detail of why you see the same patterns in plants and stars and galaxies and subatomic particles and metal alloys and whatever and it's just a beautiful scientific representation of that and I think is Contains a lot of the design patterns of where our species will go if it survives  So I sleep in short amounts. I like it to be cold and but not nearly enough. And I don't think I will over the next year as we build out the DJ ecosystem. So usually I would ask about the aliens. We've already talked about it previously. So my question to you is, is it fair to call you the king of the DJs? Is that an applicable title here? I mean, you know, I don't know. I don't want to know. I don't want to name myself that that's you know, but if you name it, I would accept it.  What is the best answer you've received about whether aliens exist?  Alright man, thank you so much for doing this. We'll do it again. Thank you very much. Very cool.