 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  I worked for Ariana Huffington actually at half post. Okay, like directly for her. Yeah, so I was I worked very closely with her part of her part of her team and sort of circle there and what we did was Really help move the online media industry from print into digital not that half post was every print but it was one of the first really mainstream digital media outlets it really popularized a lot of strategies around aggregation and  for their work. So after a couple years there, I left and I started my own digital media platform called Slant. And what we tried to do was reward creators for their work. And so we had tons of college students and journalism school students writing a lot of first-person narratives during the time when college campus life was really in focus in the media. So we had a ton of people writing, ton of traffic, and we would pay out the creators 70% of ad revenue for  And so when I first learned about Ethereum, the idea that we could have peer-to-peer transactions and just pay directly, I was like, wow, this solves my random little startups problem. I ended up starting to get really into crypto. And I hadn't been part of the community that had really been reached by Bitcoin. Like I just wasn't on those kinds of message boards. It wasn't my demographic. So I came in through Ethereum, which is really unique because I happened to meet some of the early Ethereum folks just socially hanging out in New York and sort of  and I was sort of mind blown. I knew I have to do this. So then after slant, I ended up coming back and joining Consensus when it was under 100 people. And there wasn't really like a marketing establishment there. There wasn't really this kind of narrative creation engine there yet. There were some early businesses. There were a lot of engineers, developers. And so what I really did is I built the marketing function at Consensus, marketing PR, all that good stuff.  decentralized, kind of more technical projects. Like was that a natural thing to do or did you guys have to kind of learn how to do that? Yeah, sure. So so the macro project was telling the story of Ethereum and telling the story of Ethereum is really different from telling the story of Bitcoin because the barrier to entry to understanding what Bitcoin does is a lot lower because you just have a Bitcoin fundamentally it solves an economic problem. It solves an interpersonal social organizational problem. Ethereum is a computer thing and you have to have some kind of knowledge  demonstrated different capabilities of the technology in the way that you can't just explain it. So that was kind of the framing going in. In terms of individual projects in the ecosystem on an individual level, I think marketing is sort of a dirty word because no one wants to feel marketed to. It's actually really reasonable that that's the sentiment around it. We say marketing and people who haven't dealt with marketing before or haven't dealt with good marketing think advertising. They think about Facebook ads.  do it, right? When you left Consensus, what did you decide to do? Yeah. So after nearly four years as CMO of Consensus, I stepped down to start Serotonin, my company that I've co-founded with my business partner, Matthew Iles. Matthew was the CEO and co-founder of Sivl, the blockchain media project that was then fully acquired by Consensus. They invested in it. That's how he and I really got to know each other because he was also working with me early on building up  it's not across that line yet. But for us, Ethereum is used. It's the foundation of DeFi. And so we were playing with DeFi. We were playing with NFTs. We were playing with DOWs. We want to be out where that kind of edge is. We want to be dealing with that really complicated storytelling that hasn't been broken down yet and introduced to a mass audience. That's where we want to live. And so we started working with those projects. So we started really doing all of the different parts of marketing with these projects.  new concepts to the market, the cycle. And then we've been investing in having our own in-house engineering and product studio. And so we actually are just in the process right now of launching our very first product, which is called Mojito, which is a Shopify-like backend for minting NFTs. We called it Mojito because it's the sweetest way to mint. And the idea that we had there, we saw from a number of our partners. So we work with Sotheby's, for example, on NFTs. We did the Pax  is what they all need. And then we can build that thing now that we have an engineering team. And so in that situation, is that a just piece of software or is that more of a crypto type product where there's a good decentralized element and there's tokens and all of that? So it's both. So the idea is that anyone should be able to add NFT capabilities to their existing website, just as easily as you should be able to add an online store. We think that eventually it's going to be as ubiquitous to have an NFT as just to have a store on your website.  We transitioned from the physical world to the digital world. And now it's about transitioning the digital world to the Web3 enabled digital world and taking all the artifacts that have been digitized, whether that's songs, whether that's images, whether it's video, whatever it is, taking those artifacts if they have some kind of scarcifiable value, taking them and putting them in NFT form. And we think that's just going to be massive and ubiquitous. When you think about like what goes into telling the right story for something like this, right? Like how do you sit down and actually  You're laughing, but literally that is some truth to it. I guess I also want to like pay tribute to some of the projects in the space that don't officially engage marketing services, but that are actually amazing at marketing something like base, like there's some of these DeFi projects that are just hilarious and unique in their ability to market. So I definitely don't think you need to engage like a formal marketing service in order to be really great at this. And I think there are projects that are great at this. I think we're pretty, pretty great at it too. Um, so we usually start with brand positioning.  projects are raising their hands saying, oh, we're one of those. Or, oh, we work like that. Or, oh, I want to build one of those. That's how we know that we've actually been successful. So that's basically the foundation of the house. And then on top of that, the channels that we've noticed over and over that everybody needs are PR. So earned media, we consider that part of a holistic marketing strategy. Not something that necessarily belongs off on its own in a corner, but something that should be integrated into the whole marketing process. Content, there's all kinds of content  an incredible experience with that white paper, the best one I've ever had. And you don't even necessarily need a white paper anymore. So that was a little bit like 2017 style content, but you need storytelling, verbal storytelling as a part of this. So PR content, then growth marketing. You can't use crypto terms on a bunch of paid platforms right now. So if you want to use terms like Bitcoin and crypto, it's hard to run a paid campaign on a platform  Once you can measure things like the actual lifetime value that you can get out of a customer, you're getting some kind of revenue from it. You should be doing growth marketing campaigns into your margins as opposed to just spending a ton of money. And then product marketing, so making sure that all of the different assets that a user or a visitor might knock up against are arranged into a funnel and that that funnel is linked together by calls to action and that you're measuring the ability to draw people through that funnel to take the actions  that you have an interesting differentiated presence at those physical events. And then the other bits and pieces that are relevant here are visual design, making sure that you don't just have a great verbal presence, that you have an interesting visual presence, and then understanding how to do entry into various markets around the world. So English is still, in my opinion, kind of the highest leverage language to have your content, to have your story played out in. Mandarin's a close second. And then there are really interesting markets in Japanese  a lot of announcements. You make a lot of partnerships, you announce them and that lets you ping the market over and over and over. Um, and so, so I think that's a really interesting thing, especially because, you know, not everybody in the market sees every announcement coming from a company, but the more announcements that you're able to do, the more times you're just putting your name out and that's more people that are going to end up seeing it. Um, so that's a strategy that we've just seen go really well. How do you do that and make sure that people don't lose faith or like confidence in that, uh,  we're talking about brand positioning. I'm this. We produce this. Our competitive advantage is this. But you won't be believed unless you have third party proof points saying you are this. So partnerships, having other trusted known entity projects, either in the ecosystem or in the enterprise world, depending on who your target market is, having them say, oh, we're working with them and we're working with them specifically on this and having that testimonial really showcase an aspect of the functionality that's the main value on  technology influencers, really trusted tech leaders, and making sure that you have prominent, respected folks aligning with your project and saying great things about it. We're not talking about influencer marketing of the kind where it's like you pay an influencer to go say great things about your project. We're talking about actually authentic, organic influencer marketing by aligning with smart people that are trusted with your project.  more  some of the building in there or do you do other stuff? Like how do you just think about how you break down how you spend your time? Yeah, for sure. So it's a mix. I sit sort of at the intersection of those two parts of our business. So we have this product studio where we're building products and we have this marketing services business where we're working with partners and these things connect really deeply. So what I'm trying to think about all day is what's the connective tissue here. So across our services business, I'm thinking what's the macro story of what's going on in the  trying to figure out, okay, there's a piece here that shaped like this, there's a piece here that shaped like this, what can we build? What can we connect? What can we augment or tell the story of in some way? That's what I'm always looking for. And when I look around the market, the projects that I'm really attracted to tend to be projects where there's a real skeleton there. And sometimes I compare product, R&D, engineering, and marketing to kind of like the skeleton and the muscle  Pretty much you're looking for a mispriced asset. Yeah, totally. Same thing as like investing. That's exactly right. We're creating, we're looking for market inefficiencies and we're making them into an efficiency. And really what you're doing is you only can do this with things that have substance because if you put the best marketing at something that doesn't have any substance, then it ends up not even being that bad. It's not going to work. Exactly. When you think about geographies, is there a difference? You mentioned kind of language earlier, but is there a difference between  Obviously, a lot of communities are price focused, but there's less of a narrative about being in it for the technology. There's less of this insistence that influencers be authentic or organic. They expect that things are pay to play a bit more there. KOLs, which is what they call influencers, are a big part of the marketing tactics. Also, the platforms are really different. I remember when I started doing work in Mandarin-speaking markets,  It's a different spirit in terms of why people largely, I mean, of course, their exceptions are interacting with the space, and the actual platforms have different logic to them and different constraints. So there's both kind of a larger narrative difference and there's a procedural kind of tactical difference. And then in the English-speaking markets, it's very much about having authentic support for these projects. And I find it kind of almost  capital of just like the companies that build products that solve people's problems or that people want, they win and everything else kind of falls to the wayside and struggles. Same thing here, right? Totally. Totally true. Same thing here, but there's just so much exuberance in the market and so much is linked to cycles that there's not always that logic to it. Sometimes just the rising tide is such a strong tide that it lifts all boats, the good, the bad and the ugly. And so sometimes that makes it hard to see the logic of a project that's actually technically  around it, you can get the market to reflect that back to you.  doesn't just hop over there, it needs to move over there over bridges. And those bridges are often centralized companies like Coinbase. They're basically a toll booth on that bridge. And that's why they've been so financially successful because they're literally just charging to be that link. So you can have this centralized trust. You can have someone custody your crypto for you, but you can get the upside of participating or the community incentives or whatever it is of participating.  recognize the need for the entire bridge and support all of it. If I shut off the podcast and I asked you what's the biggest thing that you think you know that other people aren't paying attention to right now, what would you say? I would say that a lot of the trends that are coming from DeFi actually aren't flashes in the pan and are long-term things that are going to stick with us. For example, I think there's something really macro. There's a macro negotiation going on.  that VCs have been able to take. So there's a macro negotiation being done at the level of the technology between engineering talent and venture capital. And I think that's a really interesting thing that's going on. And I think, you know, engineering talent is calling out venture capital as undervaluing them and overvaluing themselves. So that's interesting. Um, and one thing real quick on that is I guess there's like a Venn diagram of the people  You know right now we have this bridge we have these toll roads with these big toll booths on them But what if we're moving into this world so much that we don't need to move back and we can actually live our full 360 degree life in our decentralized context without having to go backward into fiat I think I think that's what's being built here. I think that everyone I bring in here is pretty much convinced. That's where we're headed Exactly and so I don't know if I know things that that other people don't I probably know about some things that are gonna launch that are pretty cool  game. I just, I just love that story. And I, I got to a point once where I always knew what the next line of it was going to be. And I just love, I love adventure. I love sci-fi. I think that's part of the spirit of the space. Um, you know, it's some of the Neil Stevens and stuff is awesome. So I read a lot of fiction, read a lot of sci-fi, but in terms of business, how to, how to win friends and influence people. That's what's up classic for a reason. Yeah, for sure. Because it's actually a really marketing style book because it's about, and it's amazing that someone had to invent this now, but.  I sleep like a baby now. I used to sleep like five, six hours now. I'm like eight, nine hours. What's your sleep schedule? I sleep a lot. I'm a big sleeper. I do, you know, eight, nine hours. I have an aura ring. I have a chili pad. We've a lot of like, you should get rid of the chili pad and you should get it on. Eight sleep. Okay, great. Um, so we can even edit out the reference to that company, but you know, I'm a huge fan of having, you know, a nice cool, nice cool sleep environment. I'm very dark, like two hours.  There's a company house of wise I thought you might know CBD company. Yeah house of wise is focus on female Use cases of CBD got it house of wise awesome. It's great Aliens are you believer or non-believer? I think there's an infinite universe and If that's the case, then there's probably all kinds of all kinds of stuff gotta be out there, right? Gotta gotta be out there. I think there are all kinds of intelligence  What would it take to convince you to buy ETH? I don't think it's so much like convincing me to buy ETH, right? Like what would make you want to make you buy ETH? By the way, I thought Sam was going to ask me this. Here's the deal is everyone forgets. I'll say one thing. Everyone forgets. I actually started, uh, similar to you. The way that I found crypto was mining ETH. People don't, if you're mining ETH, then, you know, I think that counts. I was mining ETH very early on.  or like mining eats and all of a sudden it's like 10 to 30 to a hundred dollars. And by like May of 2017, it's like a hundred bucks. And I was like, what is it? You know, like, what is this thing going? And so one of the mistakes that I made when I started trying to, oh, it ran up to $200. I should sell it and then buy it. And like, I'm not a trader. I don't know what I'm doing. Right. But I kept those machines for quite a long time. Then what I did was a company that I'm an investor in with a friend of mine, Jason Williams.  Like people get locked in, right? Like if you went and you are at consensus, you buy a bunch of ETH, you get paid in ETH, all this stuff. If then all of a sudden one day you're like, ah, you know what? I'm gonna go buy a bunch of Bitcoin. It's like new dollars into the system, right? Rather than converted. Which gets to the point again about keeping everything in the system. It's crazy, right? But like laws have to change all this stuff. Of course. The other thing is there's an argument for pure financial gain, right? So like forget the,  million or so from where it's about right now. And that takes through the next having five years. Most people in crypto are going to be like Bitcoin 20X five years. Like that's such a small return for such a long period of time, which in the traditional world sounds nuts. Yeah, of course. Ether, maybe that's 30X in five years, right? People are like, that's not that super interesting, right? They want the hundred X in a month. They want the, you know, the DJ stuff. Right. And so I think that a lot of times in some weird  What do you need? Usually you have to use ETH to do it. Mojito is gonna enable people to pay with credit cards. Okay, perfect. Shout it out. But that was a good plug. That was a good plug. But I think that a lot of times too, you have to separate out, like are people using it or are they holding it as an investment asset? Sure. Right? Hence stablecoins. And so I think that a lot of times what ends up happening is people are forced to use an asset. There's some systems where you're forced to use Bitcoin, there's some systems where you're forced to use ETH. Sometimes actually you're forced to use stablecoin, right? And sometimes there's something else. And so I think it's less about like,  What do you mean? Like you, you, I think would have the viewpoint of like, eth is the thing that is the least risky, you know, in your opinion or whatever, like it's very not risky. And then you'll go do a bunch of other stuff. Right. And so whether it's Bitcoin or eth, forget the debate for a second. That's actually like the least risky stuff in the industry. Totally. But to like a traditional financial person, they're like, you guys are nuts. Like this is, you know, half a percent in my portfolio is the riskiest thing I own. Like it's going, you know, either to zero or up a lot. And so I think it's all about,  Humans have come through. True. Where can we send people to find you on the internet? My Twitter is Amanda Cassett, C A S S A T T. Um, and my company serotonin, serotonin.co. Awesome. Thank you for doing this. We'll do it again. Thanks for having me.