 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  to agree with you. I think that you are not wrong. You are less wrong than you are right. All right. Before we get into the mystery of Satoshi Nakamoto, walk us through just what have you done in Bitcoin and what are you doing today? I think you've done so much. So just give us a little bit of background. Sure. Yeah. Pete Rizzo, editor of Bitcoin magazine under large the crack in cryptocurrency exchange where I oversee their charitable grants to open social developers and those types of projects.  So then in the past, just this idea that Bitcoin is an invention, it's a human achievement. It might be a human achievement on a scale that we're really even just starting to appreciate today. And I think that has really driven me late over the last couple of years to try to understand as much as we can, if Bitcoin really is a human achievement, then to me, it's worthy of being understood at that level. And for me, that meant going all the way back to the beginning and really tracing it out. Because the other thing that's amazing is because  when people are really just rediscovering Bitcoin and it's much different today than it was back then. So when you go all the way back to the beginning, I think that you've spent a bunch of time, probably more than anybody I know, trying to figure out who Satoshi is, why they're important, and all the intricate details that are involved in that. And so maybe just like, why go back and focus so much on Satoshi? I would clarify, just don't think it's important who Satoshi is, but I do think that  another one of the people building and pushing this project forward. For me, I think I really wanted to scrape away this bland image we have of Satoshi as this non-figure and non-person and really just add some color or personality. I think what's fascinating is, and this is just a little fact that got me in my research, is that on the original Bitcoin.org website that Satoshi launched, he has a whole subpage about how Bitcoin solves the Byzantine generals problem, that's the computer science problem itself.  individual did. We can look at, he never spent his coins. He never cashed out. He was never commercial. He was never opportunistic. Something that's got me recently is Satoshi never even prices Bitcoin. He doesn't say that Bitcoin should have a price. He never tries to sell Bitcoin. These are things that the market was able to do around him. And I think, for me, again, all this contrasts in an environment where increasingly you're seeing cryptocurrencies being sold by companies, nonprofits, organizations,  And so when you started this journey, where did you go first to learn more about Satoshi? Like, did you go back and read the emails? Did you just start with the white paper? Where did you go? Yeah. So there's this fantastic resource called Bitcoin Talk. It was an early user forum for Bitcoin enthusiasts. And you really can spend a lot of time in that archive. It was actually something that Satoshi himself launched, right? So kind of an interesting fact is like for all this time when Satoshi was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he was pushing back to the point where he  as this project grows and expands. And even then, it's still worth pennies. People are literally, in the beginning, mining Bitcoin at a loss. They're spending electricity to create Bitcoins, which are then worth nothing. So I think a lot of it was trying to just get the feel of this environment and to really understand what was pushing people forward at this time. Because today, again, this environment is so economically driven. It's all about investment. It's all about number go up.  Yeah, that's a good question. Well, because I think in order for Bitcoin to be Bitcoin, it needs to be decentralized. And I think one of the, I launched this article on the 10th anniversary of Satoshi's disappearance. And I think, again, going back to actions, one of the things that we have from Satoshi is that he left. I think the piece kind of gets into that and explores that. I'm not sure after doing this research that Satoshi maybe could have continued. I think the industry outgrew him in some ways.  someone who had all the answers. And at some point, Bitcoin users became self-sufficient. And I think Satoshi identified that, he stepped away. And I think in that example, it's not as important to understand who he was specifically and where he was from, because I think we also have a lot of data about who the users are and where they come from and them as a group. And ultimately, that's what makes Bitcoin, I think, special among financial technologies. Again, it is a peer-to-peer money system, right? All of the users are nodes. All of them are authors of code. Satoshi is the  is a single individual who is in charge of a decentralized money. Would you be saying the same things about Bitcoin being a decentralized asset? Would you think about it as decentralized gold in the same way? I think the answer to that is no. So then again, like in a sense, the project becomes special and becomes decentralized. It becomes realized in Satoshi's absence. And I think, again, that's why it's less important who he is and his actions sort of speak very loudly in that context. Yeah. And when you start to think about kind of all of the body of work that  outright objecting Satoshi's decisions. We have this idea that maybe he was benevolent and supported in his time, but yeah, there are some moments where Satoshi makes decisions that people aren't happy with. There's the Bitcoin users at one point, the Bitcoin is a successful project, it's a million dollars now, all of a sudden, WikiLeaks, this big organization that's doing a lot of work to undermine, release information about governments, the users want to support them. They want to show what uncensorable money  Adori and Nakamoto, who we think of, right? Like this nice, you know, sort of, again, benevolent paternal figure. But I think for a lot of people at the time, you know, it just became such a big project for one person to manage. And I think that's really hit home for me is that, you know, Satoshi in the beginning, he is the admin of the forum. He is the admin of the website. He's the person who must update the code, right? Him and a very small group of people. So, you know, in this, you know, as his time gets more constrained, as more users come on board, you really just  mythological character, this legend, you know, we can't know who he is. But in real time, that wasn't the case. And that but that happened, right. And it happened in a very short time where he disappeared, and then he became a legend. And in a way, it almost started happening in his own time. As he became less accessible, people became more comfortable, like drawing pictures of him, imagining what he would look like if he was a woman, like all these sort of things where they might seem sort of strange if they didn't happen, right, because he was  for Bitcoin because once he puts it on the mailing list and he releases the white paper, he goes on this website called the P2P Foundation. So Satoshi says, okay, well, who can I get involved in Bitcoin? Who's going to care about this crazy decentralized money? So he goes to this nonprofit organization that again has another online forum and he registers an account. So he makes a user account on the P2P Foundation. He says that he's a male, he gives his birthday and he says that he is 46 years old. And then he releases a bunch of comments. Again, we assume this is Satoshi.  to identify that is how he, she, if they identified. Yeah. And you mentioned birthday kind of signifying like mid forties in terms of age. Uh, is there a thought in the back of your head of like, Oh, this could be the real birthday, or this also could be a birthday that's inputted to throw people off the trail. Like, how do you just think through some of the, uh, the information that you're able to glean and, and the writing and things like this, uh, in terms of what's there as a clue, if you will, versus what's almost left as like,  way that he interacted with the internet, right? He used primarily use this forum that he created. There's no user data kind of associated with that. And even in his interactions, you know, Satoshi wasn't the type of person to give small talk. If you had a question, he would answer and he would give his best technical answer. But, you know, he's not on there talking about his favorite baseball team or like where he went to school or any of that type of stuff. Right. I think that there are some instances where you can and it's actually pretty surprising, like how few instances there  hit about a level where Satoshi is and essentially people start reporting bugs to him. And in one case, somebody decides to subvert one of those bugs. So in this case, they decided to basically formulate their own piece of software that's tricked Bitcoin's accounting system into just printing 180 billion Bitcoins onto the blockchain. So this is a dramatic kind of event where the monetary policy of Bitcoin is broken. Satoshi has to take the reins and actually publish new code, convince all the users to switch to this other  interests of Bitcoin are. And really, I don't even think someone could act like that today, right? You'd have to be in the position of Satoshi. So I think those things to me are the interesting things that we can see, right? That's the kind of data we can get from looking at these posts and looking at them over time as we can see how he reacted, what those actions say, right? I think from the story anecdote that I would just told, I think Satoshi was someone who put the security of Bitcoin on a very high pedestal, right? He was willing to do things to protect Bitcoin.  walk us through maybe sequentially kind of what happens there at the end. Yeah, sure. So, you know, I would say the last half of 2010 is a really dramatic escalation in the number of Bitcoin users and the type of demands they have. Right. So I think early on, it's very, you know, the concerns of the users are very utilitarian. They're trying to use Bitcoin and they want to use it for things. Right. Over the course of 2010, that really changes and it really changes towards the end where there's a series of discussions that I really wanted to highlight  that he wants to turn off certain transaction types. The users can't do certain things in the network anymore and people rebel against him. They say, we're going to run this different code and we don't like this idea. So I think there's a dramatic escalation where the types of disagreements and Satoshi's ability to solve them, this is best personified by a thread where literally people are inventing the idea of altcoins or other cryptocurrencies or other blockchains. People had no conception of this. There's this thread that lays  for any person to answer that. The market is still figuring that out today. But I think towards the end there, there is this sort of idea that, again, the users have grown up. They have these demands that a Satoshi can't solve. And I think that as those things built up, he decided, basically it was time to walk away, that the users were essentially in control. You can see his sign off and it's observable in the codes. So one of the neat things that I found was that he actually relinquishes, well, I don't know what relinquishes, but he removes his name from the copyright claim and the software.  So the transition I think is a bit that that to me was really I think a focal point where I wanted to center on because I think in the transition you get a lot of interesting and you know sort of questions right of what does it mean to give up leadership of Bitcoin? What did it even mean to have leadership of bitcoins to begin with? And I think that's that's sort of why the disappearance is an interesting moment in Bitcoin's history because it is so unique. There just there just could not have been another time where the leader of the project disappears and there wasn't.  and that he enabled another developer to take control of the project. It's unclear what his relationship was with that developer. And again, it's unclear whether this authority was even Satoshi's to give, right? So I think again, it remains this interesting slice in time where you get to look at a decentralized monetary network. You think of a Michael Saylor, this is the central bank of cyberspace. This is going to be the digital goal. This is going to be the bedrock of the financial system going forward. And here we have a small group  type of question is a Nick Zabo, Hal Finney, even a Craig Wright. There's a faction of people who believe it's him. Yeah, you kind of go down the line. There's a whole bunch of different people who I think are again speculated to be Satoshi. Are there any of those, you know, kind of storylines or, you know, ideas that seem to fit the potential narrative or rather than be so much focused on like, who is Satoshi?  Yeah, look, I mean, I think speculation about who Satoshi is, you know, again, I think it's best left to cryptography, right? If there is some individual and or group that someday emerges that can move the coins of Satoshi or, you know, in some way cryptographically expressed that they are Satoshi. I think other than that, I don't think there is a threshold, right? So one of the interesting things is I sent this thread around the time I published this article, which was essentially, you know, no, April 26 is the date of his disappearance. And if you believe in cryptography,  that simple act of him sending an empty email with his key, it's probably one of the few messages that we can actually prove ever came from Satoshi. Because again, there is no other than the kind of PGP signature on the white paper, there's never anything in the forum posts, a lot of his emails have never really come out and there's from what I've seen, no kind of identifying information on that. Again, this goes back to kind of the opposite trail of just Satoshi being, in a lot of ways, I think you can draw his intent from that.  making changes to the code was Satoshi because everyone treated him as Satoshi. Right. So, I mean, can we prove definitively that it was Satoshi? Maybe not. Maybe it was a group of people taking turns every day. Right. One guy went on Tuesdays and one guy went on Thursdays and there was, you know, someone else to show up on weekends and pretend to be Satoshi. We just simply we simply don't know. Right. I think Satoshi was a person who wanted to have anonymity, who I think  And I think it's amazing to the extent that Satoshi has denied us that it says a lot about him. What would her they are it. What would happen if Satoshi coins moved right to those original coins that are sitting there that have been dormant, you know, literally since the beginning, if those moved, would that be a big deal? Would it then become more important as to who moved them? Just walk me through kind of that game if if it was so to happen.  and become wealthy from the project. He never sold out or did any of the other things that the leaders of the other projects have done. And I think that remains a really big differentiator for a lot of people with Bitcoin and other projects, because again, Bitcoin wasn't a form of value that came about through a market competition. People chose to value Bitcoin. They chose to use it. None of the other cryptocurrencies have grown up in that environment. So I think with the coins specifically, yes, there's a  associate these things with him. And I think, again, you're the investor, right? I think it would cause some very interesting developments in the market. I would hope that as the story kind of shows that Satoshi left at a time when users were asserting that the project could survive, even a leader who would come back and want to profit and subvert the project  of just frankly human emotion driven things. Long-term though, it feels to me like even if Satoshi came back, moved the coins and attacked the project, right? It's still, you know, Bitcoin is at a point now where it's resilient enough to survive something like that. You know, could be wrong, but that's kind of the thought process over a long period of time. Short-term though, I think that you're right. And that just, you know, people are really good at being fearful. They're very good at  did Satoshi complete Bitcoin? And then if he didn't complete Bitcoin, who did? And really how to answer this question, because I think, and I describe this as kind of a thought paradox pretty recently where you imagine you're the person who invented decentralized money. That's pretty weird. You would acknowledge the point that Bitcoin was invented, that Satoshi invented Bitcoin, that Bitcoin did not meet the definition of Bitcoin.  I think as I begin to think about that, I do think that there is a larger uncredited group of people who did help complete Bitcoin. I do not think that Satoshi Singoli can be credited as the sole inventor of Bitcoin because Bitcoin had to move beyond him. Bitcoin could not have been meaningfully decentralized while he was still in control. And therefore, I think you can look at the Bitcoin that Satoshi left as being unfinished. So then I think the question for me gets to, well, who are the people who carry this through? Who are the ones who understand what Satoshi was  make your money operate under different conditions, then they can do that. That is literally the rules of most cryptocurrencies. And they believe that the free market of choice among those cryptocurrencies is enough to justify that. I think Bitcoin has a very different philosophy today. It is based on the idea that Bitcoin is an alternative to the fiat currency system, that you as an individual within that system should be no greater or less than any other user, that your rights and guarantees to that value should be equal among your peers.  it forward. You can go back to Satoshi's writings and you can see the contradictions. You get bits and pieces where even his response to the idea that there should be multiple cryptocurrencies, he invents this concept called merged mining, which is the idea that multiple cryptocurrencies can share hashing power, which today amongst developers is an outmoded idea. And you could say, okay, that was a 10 years old Satoshi idea. But again, I think that we can look at the contradictions of him and see that it wasn't possible  To me, those are the beautiful moments of Bitcoin. And again, this comes from the vision of if this is a human invention, if this, in a thousand years, we'll look back and it's the rotary phone, the internet, and Bitcoin are the staggering achievements. I think it's fascinating to me to think that there are individuals who contributed to that. And I want to understand who those people were. It's absolutely fascinating to me, especially given the fact that we will likely never have the answers to a lot of these questions. But it is.  And this can just be any book, any sort of- Whatever's the most important for you. Hmm. Yeah, I mean, I'm a literary person. I like books. I like reading for writing. I guess I would say my favorite book was Treasure Island as a kid. So maybe that's probably the most important to me since I became a writer. And I think, I'd like to thank, you know,  And why writing has stayed with me and I think I said that would be the most important book for me. That's great answer Second question comes from our friends at eight sleep. I sleep five or six hours now. I sleep like eight or nine I use their thermoregulated bed. So I just make it really really cold and helps me sleep better What's your sleep schedule and how's that change over the last two or three years? Interesting. I'm a pretty rock-solid. I'm a regular I gotta get in there at 9 30 and I get up at like 6 in the morning I think I'm a I'm a finely tuned  a non-believer.  things that I don't know for me are a little bit dark, right? I try not to go down those paths, but I'm for aliens, if only for like the intellectual comfort that they will provide us. I love it. You could ask me one question to finish up what you got for me. Interesting. Supercycle. You, I think as a person who's understanding the psychology of  and like mainstream adoption, right? So one of the things you have to remember is the people who are mostly coming into the market, at least from an aggregate dollar standpoint are institutions. So you can have, you know, a million people sign up and all want to spend 500 bucks. But if you just have a, you know, two or three, uh, various institutions show up, they're going to have more money. Right. And so like, actually from like a capital inflow standpoint, the institutions are going to be much more heavily correlated to price than like the mainstream adoption of retail users.  some level of stability in the currency. And when you get that, then there's a complete use of the currency. There's no more belief that, hey, by holding this today, it will be worth more in the future, right? It's kind of, you've reached that price stability. And so I think from a super cycle standpoint, I think a lot of folks are so focused on like retail adoption and psychology. I sit more, look at it from an institutional standpoint. And I think that one of the key questions  85% drawdown, you know, as we end this bull market, that's kind of one argument. The other argument is that the institutions actually have the weakest hands and the second that it draws down 20, 30, 40%, they just offload everything and they're like, you know, screw this thing. Uh, and they actually perpetuate like a faster, uh, drawdown. And so 85% ends up being conservative and like, maybe it actually is like 90, 95%. I don't know what plays out. Uh, I'm frankly not so much focused on that at the moment. I think that we still got quite a bit,  down, obviously that is less of a drawdown than if it goes to 20 and it draws all the way down to $3,200. And so I think somewhere here is the more that the bull market is kind of bullish with a violent move upwards, just the potential more pain on the other side. Now to the true Bitcoiners, I don't think that that necessarily shakes their confidence, right? I think frankly it actually may almost be an expectation of theirs. And so, you know, again, that's kind of what makes it fun, right?  Also was interesting to get your pulse on just, you know, whether there has been any, you know, whether we're really as a movements, you know, kind of kind of pushing forward there and making headwind. So I actually think we're going to go the opposite direction, which may or may not be a good thing, but and this is more of a macro tailwind of just the gamification of finance in general, right? This isn't a Bitcoin thing. It's not a crypto thing. It's just everything. Right. And ultimately what's happening is  reduce that friction, this is a natural side effect. And in some ways, actually a signal that the friction is being reduced, right? There is more access now. And so I think, you know, one of the funniest things that's happened in the last, I don't know, six, 12 months is everyone was yelling and screaming at Robin Hood. And so their solution to being yelled at was, we're going to remove the confetti after you've made a trade, right? Now here's the problem, right? And, you know, not to discount, they did a lot of different things, but that was one of the kind of paths that they chose to  activity but not yet progress. I think that's kind of what you're talking about here is there's a lot of activity, people are talking about it, but if you really want to address the problem, then to me, the number one way to address the problem and actually get true progress is through financial education. If you don't want people speculating in markets and thinking that they're gambling, then go teach them how to invest. Because if you teach them how to invest, you can take away the mentality of odds and that gambling dopamine hit type approach.  we actually get much less volatility, make kind of all these other benefits of that financial education. Yeah, I think I was asking that also just because bringing it back to Satoshi, it's, you know, I think I get a lot more these days of an understanding of appreciation of just like what a meaningful critique like Bitcoin was of the system. Like we think about like the way that we were living our lives prior to Bitcoin and the way that the systems were designed, like what a thing to leave behind, right? If you were the person, like the act of inventing Bitcoin  back to it, it's like, man, what a deeply meaningful critique on human existence. And if you're going to sign off from the world, having done Bitcoin, Godspeed. I could not agree more, my friend. So listen, thank you so much for doing this. Where can we send people to find you on the internet or to read your work on September?