 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  or we can go down the truthful path, which is they actually might be doing more damage than good. Which path do you want to go down? I think it's, uh, you know, it's important to state that you have basically like a bad system here, that systems are separate from people that a lot of people, you know, I met a ton of people working in the system. I don't actually know anybody who defends the system. People who work in it don't like it. Uh, they're as much trapped as anybody else. Um, but I do agree. You may as maybe less than  learn to obey the rules and operate by a bell so you can keep the machines running. And the other part is to teach them to operate large bureaucracies before digital age. Like bureaucracies are essentially distributed computers. Every person in that bureaucracy is like a chip. They have no agency. They're just meant to follow instructions, follow procedures, obey the rules. Obey the rules is the number one, number one kind of raise on debt of that system. And now we're transitioning.  about the education system. You've been working on this stuff for a while. Explain kind of your background and some of the work that you've done so that people don't think that there's just two dudes up here sitting, you know, bashing a system that we don't understand. Yeah. Yeah. So I, um, you know, before, before synthesis, I started, uh, I started an online tutoring company. Um, this is about, about like eight, eight years ago or so. So it was a little bit, uh, world was not, not quite ready for that yet. You had to, most of the work was just like convincing people that you could learn online.  on basically like, you know, plugging into the existing system and trying to make it a little better. And, you know, it does that, right? Like teachers can communicate with parents, like that makes the kids and the families like more individuals to the teacher and not just like, you know, cogs in this giant machine. So I think that was, you know, that's like an important step. And, you know, through doing that, I got to talk with probably thousands of teachers, principals, administrators, parents, and really kind of, you know, wrap my head around  So class dojo is in a generalized way, an evolutionary approach to improving education. What you're doing now is much more revolutionary, or it's much more disruptive and kind of changing of a paradigm versus just simply improving in small steps, the existing system. Um, inside these schools, it's pretty insane. Like I don't think people realize again, like what happens on a day to day basis. And, um, you know, when you and I first started talking, like the first thing that hit me in the head was I always joke that like, I don't know, first grade,  It's the logic of the industrial era, right? Where human beings are just kind of like items to be processed, right? And it's dehumanizing to everybody involved. But particularly, I think the real damage is known to the kids because you're essentially trying to grind down their humanity so they can operate within this larger industrial system. And now the world's changing. That path might have actually worked for people. It did work for people. If you put your head down and you follow that path,  system is built to teach people what to think, not how to think. Is that a fair kind of framing of it? Yeah, I think it's, you know, really trying to get you to rely on authority, right? Like there is some authority and they're going to be able to give you the truth. And, you know, independent thinking is not something that's valued because that blow up the industrial economy. You need people to kind of buy into this thing where you're like a cog that's going to go work in a factory or bureaucracy.  an hour a day. Yeah. This is crazy because I'll, I'll tweet stuff about the, the existing system and like my, my kind of problems with it. I think that you're way too nice. You should dial up the tweets a little. It does seem like the more, what you call controversial ones seem, seem to do better. People, you know, there's at least some people that resonate with that. But the comments I get is crazy, which is like, uh, kids need school to be socialized. And I just, it hit me the other day cause my son, because we, we moved during COVID so we didn't have a lot of friends in the area we moved in.  30 minutes where I can talk to my friends. And so it just occurred to me like this, we're doing this horribly evil trick on kids where the thing that they crave most is like that social development, social interaction. And we gate it. We give them 30 minutes a day and then we gate it behind like sit in a chair for another seven hours and just kind of listen to someone talk at you and do this work that you're not interested in and you don't want to do. But we entice them with like, this is the only way that you can be around other kids.  to talk to hang out with. They are allowed to interact with each other for certain periods of time. But other than that, it's basically what the top down kind of hierarchical structure wants them to spend their time doing. So in a prison, go to recess or go to the yard, go eat, go here in the classroom. Like you follow this very regimented process and it's desire to engineer an outcome, right? One is a control based outcome. The other is  liberty and kind of conformity. And we need, there's some degree of conformity that's good, right? And I would just say it's, you know, prison is kind of the extreme end of the spectrum where you're trying to control someone's every movement. And you know, you have like kind of anarchy on the other side, which is, you know, that's not great either. You need some kind of like rules and norms to get things done in the world. There's incredible benefits to coordination. But, you know, my view  in some sense and we need to, I think we just need to push it a little bit far in the other direction. So one thing you keep bringing up that I think is important is it's not so much that this is broken because it's always been broken. It's almost like the goalposts moved, right? In terms of the skillset that's needed, the way that people needed to think, all of that has changed and therefore you can't use the system that got us here to get us where we need to go, right? Yeah, I think that's right. And I think also,  and Democrats and they're like raise standards. Let's have a common core. Like let's, let's, let's do what we've been doing, but let's do it better and faster. And that's made things much worse. The testing has gotten much worse. And I think that is, that's a sign that this, this kind of facade is starting to crumble, right? It's like people are aware of it. The teachers are aware of it. They don't want to be doing what they're forced to do. The kids realize it. I think kids are pretty smart. They can see, they, they, they could see that  Teachers, for the most part, from what I understand, and the administrators, they want to do the best they can for the kids. They're not doing it for the money. Everybody knows it doesn't pay a lot of money to be a teacher, right? So they're not doing it for the money. I mean, you meet some people who are just like, they're just phoning it in and they're just like, this is a job where I get summers off or something like that. I mean, there are those people, there's three million teachers in the US, right? Some of them are gonna be bad people. But for me, the vast majority I met, they wanna do this because  high, you go up the chain, you know, you find very few people who believe what we're doing now is a good idea and that we should keep doing it at any level. What about like the actual education? So we've talked a lot about like structure and regiment and essentially making kids not be kids by telling them to shut up and sit down and you know, don't move and all that stuff. Are they actually learning important information? Like two plus two still equals four. And I think that'll happen for a long time.  test and then like literally come back a month after the test and they don't know any of it. Yeah. I think Paul Graham just, I think he pretty recently wrote an essay about this. Like you, you know, people aren't learning because you study for tests. You don't need to test to just be like, okay, what did you learn over, over this course? Right? The fact that you're studying for it means like you don't, you don't really know it well enough in that form. And so it's like, if your mind is like a sieve, like all  and run it kind of more or less the same way for a couple decades or like a century and it would be all right. Now things are changing much too quickly and this giant system that we have, it's just not gonna be able to change quickly enough, just never gonna happen. So we need like an internet native education system, something that can change as quickly as the world changes, something that can evolve as quickly as the world is evolving now. So somebody else who realized this was Elon Musk. Walk me through the story of what was  in a gifted school in Los Angeles and just, I think started with an intuition, like this just isn't working. I don't know exactly what to do, but this isn't working. And so Josh, our co-founder of Synthesis, was a teacher at that school. And if you can imagine this, you're a teacher. Elon walks in, parent-teacher conference night, and he's like, hey, I really don't like this school. I don't think it's doing a good job. And you're like, sorry, Elon Musk. But Elon follows us up with,  And so he gave an interview with Chinese television station, you know, I think it was like seven or eight years ago now before they started the school. And two main, you know, Elon's famous for this first principles approach, right? So those first principles in education are just stop doing the industrial system thing. Stop treating the kids like everybody's going to be like, okay, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this.  take  It's like you collaborate on a team and then you're competing with the other teams. And you started operating the school like that. I think I went down in year three or four to visit. And it was like, I turned a little tour of the school and it was lunchtime. We're sitting outside, it's California, it's warm. The kids are playing like dodgeball outside. And then there's a group of kids that's inside, gather around a table, like standing up, the computer's in front of them and just shouting these really complex arguments.  This is the future like I'm seeing the future of education I've been to all these schools like as part of my work at at dojo and You know, I wasn't even excited to go down to add asterisk I was like, I just I feel like I've seen it all right, but this this thing this synthesis like stuck with me and You know, my son was two at the time and so when the initial kind of shock of it wore off my stomach just like sank because I'm like I can't get this form right if you're not if you're not a billionaire with your own rocket company  and he was like, you give them more complexity, they crave it, like they want it, they can feel their minds like leveling up through that. And so we kind of built a friendship and would talk about like, you know, what the future should look like, tried to get them to move to the Bay Area where I live to start a school. And, you know, you're working for Elon, you can't take on side projects for the most part. So right when the pandemic hit, actually that kind of, you know, there's this wave of like online learning, people are open to it because they are familiar with doing it.  today we're going to announce a new round, some big believer in this, but what exactly do the kids do? They come in and is it on zoom? Like how does the product work and what are they doing when they're in class? Yeah, it's a little different. One of our kind of slogans is embrace the chaos and kids sign up. We're like, you know, get ready. Here's the zoom link. Just get ready, get ready for chaos. Right? So they come in and a lot of people are like,  figure it out and then every hand goes up and they're like, what's the problem? What do we do exactly? What are the rules, what am I not allowed to do? We're gonna give you the problem, it's gonna be chaos and you're gonna figure it out. So you put them in the breakout rooms, there's a game or simulation that kinda comes up on the screen and they've gotta figure it out and it's crazy, it's chaotic. Our first couple sessions we had kids, some of the kids would be in tears because it was so frustrating.  but it mirrors life, right? The legacy system that we talked about in the beginning is all about root memorization, no critical thinking, no problem solving, like literally sit down, shut up, don't move, two plus two equals four, okay, end of year, what's two plus two equal four, great job, go to the next grade. You know what's crazy, by the way, is that when I visited so many classrooms and my realization was that I think kids are learning about 30 minutes a week.  like top notch public schools. The kids learn very, very, very little in school. So anyway, I want to do that. That's good. Carry on because the exact opposite of that is what synthesis is doing, which is saying, same idea. We don't care if you know what two plus two equals four is in terms of like the memorization. What we want to do is give you a problem. And by the way, if at any point you have to do math, you're going to figure it out because you need the math to solve the problem. Right. And it's much more focused on this like problem solving  humans can act as parts in this bigger machine. The machine itself is complex though. And now, where the world is going is like the more you're able to handle complexity, to manage complexity, to make sense out of chaos, to synthesize, those are the valuable jobs. That's the valuable skill. It's humanity's most valuable skill working together to solve complex problems. Elon's the canonical example, right?  get kids to sign up, you can build a great business, whatever. It's hearing the kids talk. These kids talk better than literally people I worked with at Facebook. 100%. Right? And when I first started talking to you, you said something to me and I didn't believe you. You said that you took some kids from synthesis who had played these complex games and you put them in competition with, I think it was Berkeley computer science kids. Engineering graduates.  If you've done really well in that system, what are you good at? It's not necessarily solving complex problems in chaotic environments. Quite the opposite. You're really good at following the rules and solving these problems that are scoped for you. And so they have the same problem that kids have when they're transitioning into synthesis for the first time, is they're used to the way things working, being like, let's be told what to do, get the right answer on this. And with the chaotic environment, which is the way life works, no one can really  right? And what they're expecting him to say is, okay, send 100 emails, have 20 meetings, say, you know, this script, and then you get a million dollar investment and say, okay, thank you, Paul. Right. And they go and they hundred meeting or a hundred emails, whatever. And they go through the system. Instead, what he says is like, no, like dummy, right? Like that's not the way to do it. Instead, the way to do it is like build a product that works, right? And like that people want, and then like every investor will come to you and they'll be knocking down your door to give you money. And so it's very much like,  and get kind of indoctrinated into the industrial education system, we're gonna teach you a different way and kids really gravitate towards that. Yeah, I think that's right. I think it's a little bit of dose of freedom and the kind of confidence you get from like, whoa, no one told me the answer, I just figured that out, that out, and then you get the meta lesson. Oh, I can just figure things out on my own? That's crazy. School basically just grinds that idea out of us  other people. And that's, that's what we want more of. That's what society needs more of. So this works. And as the founder, you can't say that. I can say that as an investor and we can just use metrics to prove it. Right. So you have the idea once the pandemic kind of hits, you guys do a little testing. You really launched the subscription based product that we know today in November of 2020. Yep. Yep. First week in November. Yeah. Okay. So November of 2020,  And then we announced it. We did it in a very specific way. We'll talk about that in a second. You now fast forward to May, we're now doing over $3 million in annualized revenue. That's right. So when you do that, you've raised $5 million, series A, $50 million post-money valuation. And when we look at this, why is it that you're able to go from zero to zero  for an ed tech startup to have an experienced teacher and like a founder role from the outset. And what was he doing? He's inventing new things for Elon's school. So for seven of those years, he's working for Elon, which is a pretty hardcore job, right? You get a lot of anxiety and you're just trying to make sure that you keep that job and do a great job with it. So for seven years, he's running these experiments with the kids there and refining the ideas and he's got this intuition  Ana Fabrega joined us. She's our chief evangelist and she's got this, I think the world's biggest Twitter following may be focused on new ways to educate kids. So she was a teacher as well. Like spent four years as a teacher, you have to face to face with kids every day. You get that intuition for what works when you do that. And when she, we met on Twitter, brought her in to check out some of the sessions and she was like, wow, like this is it. So she wrote like a thread about the company announcing  same kind of anxiety that a parent has, right? Like if you're sending your kids to school and you feel like this is not the right way to educate your kids, you're looking for something else and you're eager for solutions for that. And so when we tap into these networks on Twitter, it's people who follow you or people who follow Ana, they're looking for new ways to do things. They're used to turning to the internet to solve their problems and just get the right thing out in front of them. They're like, it clicks and off to the races.  The reason why I think you and I kind of saw eye to eye and what's the meat? I think we literally have like a five minute conversation. We're like, yeah, we shouldn't take any venture money. We should just go take it from all these things. You just ruin, you ruin us on traditional VCs, right? Cause we're like call you and you're like, all right, like how much, how much you need? And I'm like, well, you know, we're, we're, we're looking to do X and you're like, okay, done. Like send me the paperwork. I'll sign. I'll give you the money. And it's like, all right. And also by the way, here's a bunch of my friends who are going to invest too and are going to help you with the narrative. So it's a, it'll be tough to go back. So we,  like distribution was never a thing that investors brought to the table. Now they do advice usually was, but it usually wasn't directly from the investor. In many cases, a lot of times it was them just connecting you to these people. Yeah. And then when it came to hiring and these other things, it was just a numbers game. Like, Hey, how do we get you in front of enough candidates and you find the best one and you hire it? And so it almost feels like in some weird way, because now all of these people either have personal capital or they have their own like angel funds or whatever. Uh,  outlier type story where it's, when people hear it, they're like, oh, of course, that's a thing. And so you kind of need almost like a company's product market fit. Here, you almost need investor product fit. And so your company is specifically aligned with this type of strategy, whereas others might not be. Yeah, I think that's right. I mean, it's, of course, the story, the backstory is helpful for attracting attention. But we are inspired by primarily  It's not that you have an audience that's so valuable. It's that you have an audience who trusts you. And you have skin in the game, you cannot mislead them. You'll lose your audience or they're not gonna follow you anywhere. So you have the skin in the game and all the other investors who have audience, they have the skin in the game. If they're recommending something to you, it's something that they actually believe in because the incentives are aligned there. I just think it's the most obvious thing in the world. These VCs are essentially selling  very, very helpful venture capital investors. They just did it personally rather than through their funds. And that was kind of the thought process, right? Was they individually could be very helpful. Let's get them in. The fund itself is almost added bureaucracy that's unnecessary. Yeah, I think that's right. I mean, I just think increasingly people don't know who the, who the VC funds. Those, those names don't matter as much as the individuals or the individuals. If you look at people who are  we didn't know, like it's only like rocket engineers, kids doing this in the, in the whole world, like 30 handpicked like rocket engineers, kids. And so I'm like, I just have no idea if this is going to be like a venture business. Like, is this going to, is this something that's for everybody? We had no clue. So I kind of like funded it myself initially and wasn't, didn't want to raise the money because didn't want that pressure before we kind of figured out the shape of this thing. And so that helped because we were cashflow positives and we go to raise money. It's not about the money. Like we, we would have gotten you on the cap table for free.  the first or second call we ever had. You literally were telling me you're never going to raise money. And I was like, all right, I'm going to have to convince this guy to raise any money. Like usually founders are like begging for money, right? They're like, you know, I'm going to raise a ton of money. And you were just like, yeah, we don't need the money. Like we're profitable. Like this thing's just going to go. Um, and so I think that like, it's very obvious. Look, the product, the way that you're approaching the education, like everything is very different. The fundraising strategy has been very different. Uh, we can layer in one other aspect of this very different, which is the way that, uh, we've  where I show people the graph and I'm like, tell me where Palm made his announcement. It's like the most obvious, just this massive spike. That's like, you know, it's spikes and then it comes down, but it's at a permanent higher level. Right. And it's, it's completely insane. Whenever I show it to people, they're like, yeah, wow. Okay. Like traditional VCs or no, there's no one that's going to be able to do this for you. It's Austin reef. Uh, yeah. Who is a investor, uh, texted me. I guess you had sent him the chart and all he responded, I think, uh,  And actually that's not what the goal of traditional presses, traditional press is you're trying to get legitimacy, right? The distribution comes with the legitimacy, but you're trying to get validation and legitimacy and Hey, we were featured in X or Y publication. Yeah. But I think you're right in that. Like on the internet, would you rather get featured in a mainstream press or mentioned by the person in your industry who's got the largest audience and the most trust with that? It's actually almost like the