 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  adoption  really big institutional guys. They're not in yet. Uh, and, and it will be a while. Um, we've had some conversations there. They're interested, but they're very slow moving and it's, it's going to be, I think a long time before they're really in, but yeah. Um, asset managers, private banks, family offices, high net worth are all more than dipping their toes in. So let's talk about the business that you have. Cause you basically have kind of two sides of the business. And I should say upfront, I'm an investor, some of the big fan and obviously very long.  want to call it an ETN or sometimes you go elsewhere and they want to call it an ETC. In Europe, as opposed to the United States, you cannot do an ETF on a single asset. ETFs have to, in order for them to be what's called USITS compliant, they have to have a diversity requirement and you have to have a number of elements in there. So you could do an index as an ETF, but you can do a single asset. And so in Europe, not even any of the commodities, silver, gold, et cetera, are done as ETFs. So it's impossible to do one there.  purchase through our company like Polkadot which isn't available on a lot of exchanges including Coinbase in Europe or Coinbase globally actually. So we have a Polkadot ETP, we have a Binance ETP, we have a Tezos income generating staking ETP stakes on your behalf returns to the dividends and in addition to that I think we have Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, we just released Stellar and Cardano last week. We also have the world's only indexes so we have  I would say probably 20 million when we last chatted. We were 27 million about a year ago. We're now at $2 billion in total AUM. And if you look at the price movement in the last year, a lot of that isn't just the price increasing. A lot of that is bigger checks from family offices, private banks, and a lot of retail interest in Europe as well. So $2 billion in assets across those 14 products. In the last 12 months, yeah. Okay. Now when you go and you look at the Amun side,  ERC 20 format, but we will soon list them in other formats as well. So you can imagine a Binance Smart Chain token, for example, or something built on another platform. For us, we just want to provide products to access the crypto ecosystem to users. And what we found is sometimes it's significantly easier for certain populations to buy tokens and for certain strategies as well. Sometimes they're better in token form. And so whatever it  I haven't announced that yet publicly, but you'll see it and it'll be cool. And we're launching, we're going to have a plan of launching both what we're calling autopilot tokens. So they will go, you buy a single ERC-20 token and then it on your behalf goes and generates yield optimizing rewards in some theme. So we're going to do that with liquidity mining and we're going to do that with lending. So if you want to optimize  these tokens that work where you're essentially buying like an index exposure, but you're doing it in token form. Yeah. So, we take a look at a lot of things in DeFi. We take a look at market cap and total value locked. We have certain tokens that we allow in. So we have a committee that takes a look at this, makes sure that we respect the teams. We know the teams, we know who's behind them. We like the vision. We think this is worthy of inclusion. And that benefit is  necessarily have the time to dive into the specifics. It's sort of like betting on the Brazilian economy by buying a Brazilian index fund. And what we want to do is we want to do that on these themes, so DeFi being the first one, but we'll also start thinking more about other themes as well as more momentum driven things. So it's sometimes really, really difficult to see what is up and coming.  Can you do that in the kind of crypto token world or is that not yet possible? I mean you can you can do whatever you want I think depending on the jurisdiction sometimes there are regulatory issues with active management As a firm we sort of decided very very early on that we're not really interested in active management We're not interested in endorsing any specific product On the ETP side all we look for is whether it's investable or not Nothing more. It's not an endorsement and  go about and invest or build out your strategy in some way that is professional, institutional grade, has the safety, you're not going to get robbed, the fees are low, et cetera, et cetera. But we're not going to jump in it and say, we're gonna pick the winners or endorse this or endorse that. When you think about in the ETF, ETP side, right on the 21 shares, is the same thing true there as well in terms of active management and just saying, hey,  industry overall is oftentimes not having great returns. Active management is really, really difficult. And I would say that philosophically as a company, again, we're not really interested in active management. We're not interested in picking stocks or we don't think we are smart enough to do that. We just want to build the tools from which others can then use that. And so in the same way, we don't endorse any specific product. We believe that it's investable.  And then we give you easier access to them. One of the people who appears to be smart enough to do active management is Kathy Wood. I know that you've done a bunch of stuff with her, including she's now personally invested in the business. She's joined the board of directors. Maybe we talk a little bit just about her involvement in the business and kind of how this all came together. Sure. So we've always been huge fans of Kathy. I mean, if you think about the business and 21 shares being the first thing we did, it's in each  And there came a point where we wanted to have an independent director on our board. And so Kathy ended up doing that and joining the board as well as more recently, she also became an investor in the company. So super, super excited about that. Besides all of the things that we hear about on the Bitcoin and crypto side, like she started investing in Bitcoin in 2015 when it was 2015.  out with, it's really, really innovative. We're huge fans of the shop and we wanted to gather some knowledge on that. One of the things that is really important and near and dear to our hearts is research. We believe really strongly that we should build a brand that is trusted and we should educate everybody. If you think about the internet was created in 1983, it took a while  very deep research as well as very casual research. We do it in five languages now. We do it in Arabic, English, French, German, and Italian. And in addition to that, we do podcasts. We print a quarterly magazine for institutional investors. It's awesome. It looks great. We should probably charge for it, but we give it away for free now. And for that kind of philosophy to then run into Kathy,  to start working together. What do you think makes her so great? Is it the research and just the constant like wanting to learn? Yeah, I think I think it's the when you when you when you do research, it's it's scientific. It's not personal. It's not biased. There's not a huge, you know, selfish personality behind it. It's not egotistical. It's very fair, logical, scientific. And as a result, when you make big bets in that direction,  All of these investment banks are super closed, they're super private, they're charging so much for this. We shouldn't do that. We should have very strong thesis that we really fundamentally believe in and then we should share them with the world. And so you can go and see an Excel spreadsheet of how they value Tesla and all of that broken down. And I think people really, really appreciate that. And then when you're right once, they appreciate it more. And then when you're right 17 times, then maybe you're onto something.  Often times, the family office staff is recruited from the same, I guess cut from the same cloth wherever you go. The interesting thing about Europe actually versus the United States and family offices, if I recall correctly, the average family office in the US is much smaller. Like I think in America, people will set up family offices with a hundred or 200 million of liquid assets. Whereas in Europe, the average to start is more likely  that the limit for me to have this is 500. I think it's 100. I can do it. And I think there's a good spirit of Americanism actually in that. I appreciate it. Yeah. I mean, it's just interesting that that's something that you notice, right? Is the size of the family offices are very different on the two different geographies. Well, it's sort of like startups, right? One way of looking at it and a lot of people I think make this mistake and do it is like, I'm not ready yet to do a startup. I still need to go and have 10 years of work experience and I need to also maybe get some experience on the investments  much, much, much greater in the US. Yeah. When you talk to regulators on different geographies, is there a change in tone or interest or receptiveness to this stuff as we've seen one, prices go up, but also to various institutions over the last six to eight months, nine months, come into the market and not only come into the market, but actually be public about their participation? Yeah. So talking about regulators is a tricky subject.  to  They tend to do a great job most of the time. We want them to move faster, but of course we do because we move at a ridiculous speed as startup founders. But at the end of the day, they're very well versed in this, sometimes more than certain people in the industry. And again, they're just trying to do their mandate of protecting the end investor. And if anything, regulation has gone pretty well.  being personally motivated and sometimes you see some weird comments on there. It has nothing to do with their personal beliefs. They're very technocratic folks. Yeah. It's great. It's good to hear that. Right. It's a positive for, uh, for the industry and frankly, a bullish tailwind. Um, when you think about recruiting, how has that changed? Is it now that everybody that works on Wall Street or institutional investors like, Hey, I got to quit my job and I want to go in and work in this new industry. Uh, is there still some lack of receptivity in terms of, uh, folks just like, what's changed?  of those. And so that's pretty easy. However, from a job security standpoint, up until recently, it was a higher hurdle. But I would say at this point, we have never had an easier time recruiting from the traditional industry. A lot of it is inbound in a way that is, for someone that's been in crypto for a long time, is really validating. How talented are the people? Are these people that are coming in  We have been able to snag from traditional asset managers, traditional financial companies, country heads. The person that was responsible for all of Southern Europe, the person that was responsible for all of Switzerland, all of Germany. And again, a lot of this is inbound. A lot of this is inbound. We have recruiters and obviously we try and seek other people. But what is surprising to me is how many people are just interested in this. How many people realize that the banking and financial system is broken?  there's this element of like, literally, if these people can't work on this stuff, they're going to leave. And therefore we have to get into that business simply retain our best talent. Yeah, I would argue that it's a part of a longer, um, tech impact on finance in general, like before there was crypto, people were leaving for Silicon Valley to do other things. And so I think the financial industry has had an issue retaining top talent for, for quite some time. Um, the top people in America at least, um, go to Silicon Valley. In my experience, a lot of people,  innovation more in the financial world. But to their credit, there are several top institutions who have been quite early Mavericks, and I think it will lead to very good things for them. A lot of the recent news coming out of Goldman Sachs, I think JP Morgan is doing some really interesting things. Some of the early market makers, like the traditional guy, Susquehanna and Jane Street and Flow Traders, the fact that they were in crypto, super, super  There's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with admitting you're wrong and they should be fully embraced. I would love for We're obsessed with Warren Buffett and Munger and what they think I would love for them to switch their mind and I'll I will hug them with open arms and welcome them to the tribe, you know changing your mind is a sign of intelligence, right? That's fine One of the things I'm really interested in I feel like it's like literally like a trillion dollar question in the industry right now is all these institutions that are coming in How much do they resemble the retail investors that came before them versus there are new  institutions come in and frankly, there's like two different arguments, right? There's one argument that says, oh, they're big institutions. They don't care about the volatility. They're going to hold very strong. Uh, whether the price goes upward down, they're not going to go and just dump all the, um, you know, Bitcoin, they're doing this because they're in the industry, right? Like they, they had to go through a lot of pain and probably internal hurdles and bureaucracy to do it. So they're in. The other argument is Bitcoin drops 50% and the first people run into the door is Tesla and JP Morgan and you know, Goldman and whoever, and they're just getting this thing off their balance sheet.  individuals who are, I would argue, the driving force of quote unquote institutional adoption in crypto today. They resemble a lot of retail in many ways. It's a much larger check, but it's sometimes driven by the same considerations. We're still not doing heavy investment committee meetings and the bureaucracy that's associated with it. Sometimes it can be driven by a single or a group, a single individual or a group.  based on an individual or a family and they're equally concerned about the same things. And so I wouldn't worry too much about hands when it comes to ultra high net worth and family offices. And in our experience, they're pretty, pretty damn strong hands. The price sometimes jite rates in a wild and crazy fashion and they don't move. Oftentimes they buy more. And our first product was called HODL.  in my experience at least talking to European family offices, they're planning on holding it on a similar time horizon as a VC fund, as it being an LPN and VC fund, which seven to 10 years minimum, that kind of thing. Outside of what I'll call institutional, US every tell institutional, corporates and countries feel like the other two big thing that has happened. I say that over the last two, three years, everyone was so focused  Metro mile, which is a kind of insurance tech company recently came out and said, not only did they buy Bitcoin for the balance sheet, they're not going to accept Bitcoin for premium payments. They're also going to do claim payouts in Bitcoin if you want that. And so you can just start to see, okay, like here come the corporations. Yeah. And then obviously we have countries, the nefarious or kind of malicious actors from a U S Western world perspective of Venezuela, Iran, North Korea, et cetera. There's a lot of talk about things that they could potentially be doing with crypto and that they're trying to mine it.  are in. That's like three companies, right? There's 497 other companies just in that group of people that are absolutely not coming close to it at all. And it will be a while. But I think this is how it happens, slowly, slowly, then all at once. And the country stuff you bring up is super interesting because I think we need to saturate the country stuff is super interesting. I think we need to saturate the companies a little  very good conversations with certain central bank governors. They're aware of it, not yet, but in the same way that central banks hold gold, they will hold Bitcoin one day. And I think countries will come. It will be a very big deal, but companies need to be a little bit more saturated first, and it's super, super early for that. And by the way, if you're talking about like the big, big vision of Bitcoin, everyone's talking about it replacing gold. If Bitcoin becomes the  was like a perfect example. It almost feels like there's the first one to break the seal. Yeah. Then you get the early adopters, right? You still don't get mass adoption. So to your point, 497 companies still haven't done it. Right. But one led to three and it's no longer as big a deal. Yes. It normalizes a little bit. There's, it's more of a conversation. There's literally CFOs and those other 497 companies are like, should we do this? They have to come up with a strategy. Maybe we should go to a conference and learn about it. Right. Like there's also that countries are going to  And though it's not going to be the United States, it's not going to be a major country, right? It's much easier for the smaller countries to go ahead and do this. And to essentially say, listen, this is my opportunity, right? If this thing is going to be real and this thing is going to have global importance, well, I can use speed to benefit in a more outsized way than those who have larger dollars, larger economies, you know, more kind of firepower from military standpoint, whatever. And so to me,  people don't realize it's really hard to turn an oil tanker or I guess this is like a Carnival cruise ship. I was going to say, yeah, oil tankers were much bigger. 400 million people on it. Then it is to move a small sailboat that will just turn on and die. And the US does not need to move fast. The US needs to make sure that not everything breaks. And that's a different consideration entirely, which is fine, which is completely fine. I agree with you. I think someone will do with this  and then all of a sudden if it works, you're like, Oh, I bought it back, you know, two years ago. I look at how smart I am. And if it didn't work, then you just don't tell anybody ever, right? Nobody knows. And so like, why take the reputation risk or the, uh, in this case, geopolitical risk. If you don't have to yet. It's like, my guess is that somebody's country's already holding it, right? It's just, who's the first to come out and say it. Yeah. Right. Cause that's like, I don't know if you separate out, do the action from the announcement. Like the action has probably already happened in the past.  thinking about this under the lens of national security. So from a sovereign central bank perspective, yeah, they'll hold it strategically, forget economically, because I think countries are mostly driven by surviving versus thriving. And there's a subtle but important difference. And so if national security necessitates holding crypto, you're going to get a lot more holders than the economic opportunity. Agreed. But this whole idea of like,  Right. I mean, there's all these little things that we were trying to do. Trying to create a whole foods for Bitcoin. It's all nonsense. This is organic. Right. There's 21 million Bitcoin. If I have a Bitcoin, you have a Bitcoin and literally we trade them. And now I still have a Bitcoin. You have Bitcoin. It doesn't matter. It's just like dollars. Right. Imagine if somebody said, you know what? I'm only going to take dollars that are freshly pointed from the federal reserve. Right. Or I'm only going to get dollars that have been held by one person. Yeah. Now, technology is not there to do it, obviously. So you couldn't do it here. You could actually track some of this stuff.  You know how the media loves to write these articles all about the Bitcoin miners and how they consume so much power and like they're ruining the planet. I'm waiting for a Bitcoiner to write an article that says that the media, how many trees get cut down every year so they can print their newspapers and magazines and they're reading the environment, right? And kind of like, okay, hold on a second here. Like you fight fire with fire. Like you guys want to have these ridiculous, stupid articles, like here come ours. I will take this back to our research team.  says, like literally, she's like, look at how much power they use. Let's compare it to countries. It's like, well, the electric grid is also really hard to explain and to understand. And so look at how much power they use says nothing. Yeah, let's do the dollar. Right. Or, or how much electricity is used by the media organizations to just keep the lights on so that they can write articles. Yeah. Right. And you start to do all this. I've been like, what you realize is like, look, by the way, I'm not here claiming that Bitcoin doesn't use energy. Right. But I do think that the context is really, really important.  Like we're thinking about it. Really? Yeah, we get a we get a ton of requests from So this is where I would differentiate between the two right? I think there are certain people who are absolutely judged vehemently against it and are looking for an additional excuse and Then I think there are people who are constrained by Their fund mandate or their own rules or their country's rules from investing like a lot of a lot of listed  because of certain fund requirements that you have in Geneva, that's okay. Let me figure out some clean energy minds, get you in that way because you're ready to come in. Your rules just prohibit you from doing that. And I think we should differentiate between the two. Even though I agree with your bigger argument that over the long run, I think Bitcoin will be a huge, huge part of solving the climate crisis. Not, I think it's not in the other, I think right now it's probably