 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  giving an overview for the week. So maybe let's just jump right into this week, Will, just in terms of what you saw in the on-chain metrics that really caught your eye. Yeah, absolutely. So I think first of all, when we just step out and look at the broader macro trend in the data that we're seeing, we're just sitting in this huge midway consolidation zone. Every bull cycle, we see this huge base of capital that usually builds up around two to three times the previous all-time high.  in coins at these price levels, which is showing validation from the market of the $1 trillion market cap threshold, which is super bullish. And also, we're seeing realized cap go up, which means the way you can think of realized cap is instead of market cap where every coin is increasing in price based off of the coins that are being traded on the margin, realized cap is taking the price of every coin the last time they were moved and then adding  because once again, just like I had just mentioned about the volume, the on-chain volume, there's a lot of coins that are being scooped up in new investors that are coming in and scooping up coins at these levels. And that's a really great sign. And that kind of aligns with, we're also seeing a liquid supply goes up, going up. So the way you can think of that is Glassnode basically clusters together different addresses and into different entities and they say, okay,  reaching a certain threshold of time that they're held in a wallet, statistically the likelihood of them being moved goes down drastically. And I think the threshold Glassnode uses is 155 days for that metric. And so you keep seeing these coins moving to these addresses, which once again is showing that we're just in this kind of consolidation zone. But some of the, two of the broader macro metrics that I had touched on  down, meaning that market cap part of it is two things. So market cap is slightly going down. But also more importantly, as we mentioned, realize cap is going up. So this metric, when it's going down in mid bull cycle like this, it's just showing that we're once as well in this big consolidation zone. And then the second one that I had touched on in the newsletter was market cap to thermocap. So thermocap is just the  which is showing that there's not a lot of on-chain volume at those levels, but price is just being bid in through FOMO and all these things that come at the end of cycles. The next thing, so this is more so specific to this week, is the stablecoin supply. We've seen a huge increase in stablecoin prints this week. In the last 10 days alone, we've seen over 6 billion  obviously some of this is being allocated to these alternative cryptocurrencies because no one can deny that capital is being deployed into these with these crazy gains we've seen in the last week, but at least a substantial portion of that is going into Bitcoin. And another way you can kind of put a visualization on the amount of capital that's going into altcoins is by looking at the Binance balance. So while Coinbase's balance has been going down, Binance  touched on in the letter is ASOL. So that's just abbreviation for average spent output lifespan. So you can just think of this as the average age of the coins that are being sold. And in the chart that you can see in the newsletter, we had this huge spike around January right after all time highs around about the high 20s to early 30s. I think it was about 27,000 to 32,000 was the peak in selling from long term holders.  of coins that are being sold in different age cohorts. So the Glassnode has different cohorts all the way from one hour old to over 10 years old. And we're continuously seeing these huge spikes in the younger cohorts, particularly the one hour to 24 hour and also the one week to one month cohorts. And we actually saw an all time high spike in the one week to one month cohort this week.  meaning that, so like if a coin is in a wallet for 10 days, it has 10 coin days, and then if it's moved, those 10 coin days are destroyed. And so dormancy takes that and then adjusts it for the volume. And so you get this very smooth picture of selling once again from older hands, decreasing steadily over the last few weeks especially. And so that's very interesting because,  the miners, like it seems like the miners really have changed the way that they're thinking about buying and selling or accumulation and selling. Yeah, that's a really good point. Yeah. So in the data we're seeing, miners actually aren't just not selling their coins, but they're actually accumulating, which is super bullish because, you know, it makes sense that miners are more bullish on the asset than anybody because they have all of their capital invested in Bitcoin.  also  just going to consolidate and go sideways again for two or three years? Or is this simply a kind of midway point where we actually see Bitcoin consolidate above this kind of $1 trillion market cap? And then eventually that is serving as that like spring or whatever to kind of push the price much, much higher through the rest of this year. Yeah, absolutely. So I think we're in this mid-cycle consolidation point, which lines up with what happened in previous cycles as well.  a few more days, we could consolidate for a few more months. But one thing to just take away is that these strong hands, these long-term holders that buy Bitcoin and never sell are continually buying. And the people that are selling are new market participants that are just getting shaken out by these moves that people who have been in Bitcoin for a long time know they're just part of the way that the market works. And so eventually, we're going to get to the point where the sellers  like a spring and when that thing's ready to move, I think it's going to rip people's faces off. So it'll be very, very interesting to watch. But Will, thank you so much for taking the time to do this. I think people are really enjoying the on-chain analysis. We've linked in the description to the new email that you've got. It's a free email with a ton of on-chain analysis each week. So if people want to subscribe to that, please go and do that. And then Will, we'll do it again next week.