 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  Yeah, I got into about a month and a half ago, almost two months ago, some backstory. I have a friend, Drew, Drew Austin, he's a great guy, runs a thing called Redbeard Ventures. And he tried to get me into NBA Top Shot in like early... And tried to get me into NBA Top Shot like October, November, December time of the past year. 2020. Yeah, and that was really early. That would have been a good time to get the NBA Top Shot. And then he was in Miami actually at the end of the year, beginning of  And when I did I was like, oh, this is really cool. Like the opening of it. And, uh, anyway, flash forward about a month later, his portfolio is worth about over $2 million on a $50,000 investment. I'm no mathematician, but that's pretty good. It's pretty good. Uh, and that, that was a really expensive week. Cause that week I could have bought like a few like legendary packs for like, you know, 200 bucks, which anything you got there is worth, you know, 3k plus. Um, and I was like, Oh, okay. I gotta listen to Drew next time.  buying a bunch of horses for some friends, do you want me to buy you a horse or a few horses? I was like, dude, what are you talking about? Like digital horses. Not real horses. Well, first I was like, I don't need a horse. And he's like, no, it's digital horses. You race them, you breed them. He's like, I don't have time to explain right now, but let me know if you want me to buy you some horses. And I was like, all right, I didn't listen to you last time. Like how much ETH do I need to send you to get like a nice whatever, whatever you're doing? So I sent him a little bit of money. How much?  I was like, oh wait, Drew, is this the thing you bought me earlier this week? And he's like, yeah. I was like, oh, this is actually really cool. Anyway, that night was a drop and they released like 200 horses. And Drew had said, you know, a month before that event we did, it took about like 12 hours or like 24 hours to sell out the horses. And then the next week, because they were doing drops every Friday. The next week it took like, it was cut in half. It was like 12 hours or six hours. Then it was like six hours or three hours.  and early mints. And then I share another stable with a friend named Narindra and he built this whole algorithm to figure out like rare and super rare coats. So yeah, it's, so you own like 50 horses. About, like I own and co-own about 50 horses. All right. But in terms of what, what Zed is, I mean, it's digital horse racing. So the idea is, when I say that, like it's like normal, normal thing. But yeah, it's, you know, I personally believe like 90  really  digital art, you know, it's, it's just a mimic of physical art. I don't personally get a lot of art, but I know that there's a marker for that. The scarcity, the rarity, et cetera. I think the cash grabs are going to go away. I think the people that don't, uh, take, you know, time to figure out exactly what makes sense. I think, I mean, this past week was a crazy week for NFTs. I mean, there was everything from, I don't know if you saw Appymon, uh, which is like a, you're gonna think it's even more crazy, but it's like a, it's like an egg that you can open. So there's like 6,000 of them.  We did nine billion revenue last year. It's a physical toy company. If you go to any CVS Walgreens and you go to the toy section, you'll see LOL Surprise everywhere. Okay. And so now there's a digital version. So yeah, this thing called Appymon. Then there's this thing called the Board 8 Yacht Club that launched. What is that? And it's like you buy this- You get a yacht? No, you get an ape. And the ape is like, we don't need to get into the specifics, but that- You know that all of this sounds crazy. It sounds insane.  at the same time, they seem to be very thoughtful, well-designed, and been in the works for a while. But back to Zed. So Zed is horse racing. Zed is horse racing. Digitally. Digital horse racing. And so when you go into the system, you can buy a horse. You can buy a horse during a drop. Okay. And then you can also buy it on, I think, OpenSea. Okay. And then also- How many total horses are there? So- But we don't know yet. No, we do know, but there's, it's important to understand  going to be available directly all at one time. Yeah, you should. I think you need to own Ethan, right? I think you're, you've been on the, on the record of not owning any. I don't know. I can gift you your first horse if you want. I can make you a, but I only want the best. Like I want the winner. Like I want the secretary of, uh, of all the horses. Uh, yeah. Well then you have to, is that the name of the horse that wins this thing? I think it's secretariat. Secretariat. Yeah. See how I'm basically a horse professional. There's sea biscuit, there's secretary. There's American. See biscuit is a good one.  is not available right now is because when they brought breeding back, there was a, it wasn't, I don't know if it was a bug, but some horses got four parent DNA. I didn't get into breeding yet, but I'll get into that in a second. And these horses were like freaks of nature. I think there's one called Escobar. Yeah. I want Escobar. That was like freaking nature named Escobar. That's the horse. Who wants that one? I don't know. But it was the first 10 races, the horses 10 and 0. And but it was like winning. You get odds and stuff and it was winning by like, like, like  Yes, but no, they're gonna have to level it up so that everyone has that same situation. Got it. But anyway, so going back, 38,000 Genesis horses. These are minted by Zed and there's 10 levels. So there's Z1 to Z10. Z standing for Zed, Z1 to Z10. Z1 is the most scarce. Z10 is the least scarce.  2000 Z threes, 2000 Z fours. Then there's the five, six and seven are Finney after how Finney and then eight, nine and 10 is butyrin or butter in or you know, Z 10. I think there's going to be about 20,000 and I may be getting the number off a little bit, but I think there's about going to be about 20,000 Z 10 butyrins. Okay. So that's going to be the most common in the last drop. I think a butyrin went for about a hundred, a hundred, $20. Um, and those are the most common you'll see.  then a cult for a male. And then once you have a child, you're a mare for a female, and then you are a stallion for a male. Now there's a stud farm. The other thing that's actually worth noting is there's also coats. So there's common coats, like the color of their coat. Then there's rare and then there's like super rare or something like that. So there are some really like rare.  champion horses, there's really no reason for them to sell it to you. Why? Because they can make money without selling it to you. Yeah, but it's kind of like cashflow, right? Like you can just buy them out. The second horse ever minted, it was called a horse called Wall Street. It's also a pretty good horse. It has like a 20% win rate or like between 15 and 20% is pretty solid. Wall Street can put itself in the stud farm and charge $1,000 to breed with Wall Street and people will pay $1,000 to get an offspring of Wall Street. How much sex can the horse have?  So when the stud farm is currently closed, it's going to be hopefully opened up. I think they're waiting for the drop to happen and then they're going to close it because it's still kind of like a beta. And no, they closed it because there was the bug. There was like the people were reading these free courses and like that were Escobar and there was another. There's like one or two more. By the way, this is like the most crypto thing in the world. I'm hearing about horses named the Wall Street and Escobar basically the same two types of people. They're both go ahead. Yeah. But by the way,  the owner of that male horse, you put it in there and you dictate how much it costs to mate with your horse. So if you have a Z1 Nakamoto named Wall Street, you might charge a thousand bucks to breed with it just because you probably can get seven horses. Is that high? Seven offspring. So one night I just wanted to experience it. I put, I just wanted to experience the stuff wrong. I have a Z1. Oh, you got like one of the big dogs.  an example, I put my Z1 into the stuff farm and within 12 hours, I charged $600 to mate with it or 500 to $600. I just wanted to see if it would go. But I went and I did this at like midnight. I went to bed, woke up. I had 3K and my people were trying to mate. I was all mated. It was all seven. It was done. That meaning I made three grand off a horse I bought for like 10 grand. You made three grand off a horse having sex with another digital  Okay. And it's a rare coat, Sir Aquamarine. And I put it in the stud farm also. And winner one on one has raced in one match and it won that match. So it is 100% win rate. Okay. And I put it in there. You sound like the finance kids on TikTok that are like, I have one stock and the stock went up. Go ahead. But no, I stopped racing it. I stopped racing. I mean, like, you're not going to get better than 100%. Like,  No, not on the offspring. I get a cut to breed. Yeah, so that the person who has the female horse pays you pays Who owns the baby horse the female? Got it. So is it better to have the male or the female you can make more money instantly by male but female I mean you could resell the the children. Yeah You could resell the offspring so here's my question well the reason the last thing the reason that I brought that up  So, but math, you see that pulse math. But that, that, that the Z one that I have is not raced. So you don't know, like, so there's a lot of, you never raced it. I never raised it. And people, people think it's a good one. Well, it's sort of like getting, imagine you can get an unopened, you know, NBA top shot packed, right? And it's a cosmic hollow series one. So you can get a LeBron, you can get a Zion in there, but you also can get like,  I believe it was I went to Nigeria and in Nigeria. I went with somebody who's building like a chat app for soccer and We had a like local who was a user of that app take us around and I'm when I say when I went to Nigeria most people go and they say Victoria Island Which is like where all the tourists stay we stayed in Legos like there's dudes with ak-47 standing outside the hotel and like it looks like it's secure But if somebody starts shooting they're definitely running so so you're like in Legos, right?  I literally wrote a piece when I came back and I was like, I saw the future of consumer technology by looking in this one little place called Computer Village. Demographics of Nigeria off the chart, population growth incredibly fast, very, very digital native, and then they've now got smartphones, internet access, all this stuff. So while we're there, we have some time to burn. And the local takes us to a equivalent of like, I'll call it a betting house, I don't know what they call it. And while we were there, we had like watched soccer games in people's backyards and like done all this stuff. And like, there's a whole little economy around  realized was having the most betting activity. It was a simulation. It was like, you know, we played video games and like you're playing like a soccer game or a football game or whatever and you just hit simulate and the game basically plays the game. And then it just tells you like, oh, the green bay Packers won, right? Yes. Never really happens in real life. The giants of us team. Uh, and so I remember sitting there being like, these people are betting on a simulation in a video game. That's nuts. Cause as an American, guess what? My first thing is it's rigged. There's no way it's fair. Like somehow it is rigged.  Put it in the stud farm breed it or you can basically create more horses and then go race those horses fair Yeah, and by the way seven male horses every two weeks when you breed to Every female horse can have two offspring every two weeks Okay, so meaning when you originally said they like they could do 150 if you do the math seven every two weeks 14 a month you're getting pretty close to the actual yeah, and maybe that's how they actually a hundred at 250 is the  So it's buying and holding, breeding, and making money off that. So I've made someone have that. And then racing. Now, how does the racing work and how do you know it's not rigged? So there's a bunch of white papers that I've read a few sentences of. And there's an article they wrote about, it's called provably fair. Now the way that they describe it is there's 10,000 simulations of each race and there's one that's chosen  or a thousand or 10,000 races, then that's the odds for that specific race. Yeah, exactly. That's how I understand it. That seems complex enough where like that would be pretty hard to gain. Yes. The thing is that every horse, so every horse, the way I've, I've come to understand it is every horse is like, uh, minted with like a base number. And the only thing that right now is taken into account is distance per person.  need to dedicate time to figure out if it's any good at anything. And then when I know what it's good at or if somebody's horses are donkeys, like you don't want to go racing. How much money can I win racing? I've seen horses that have made close to six figures already with just one race. No. Oh, the biggest, we're actually know that so that it used to be like $5 entry up to $50 entry. But now there's like, I think I saw like a $5,000 entry. So it's going up the most I've won in a race is like 200 bucks.  of them. No question. Because it's that good of a horse. When you're placing 50% of the time and you're winning 30% of the time, or Ducky Mallon, which is another one, they're going to be able to command a premium. So that's why the way you think about the breeding. So I think the breeding part, well, I think the Genesis horses is a breeding game, and I think the offspring is a racing game. So I think the best horse is going to be, because there's Genesis horses, when you breed two Genesis horses,  at  I've read her, she has a Z2, I think a Z2 or Z3 Nakamoto. She named it Gemstone. And then Gemstone's a girl, so we had two offspring, Sparkles and Rainbows. Both mentioned in the New York Times article. Which I think the daughter goes up. She's five. Okay. Does your daughter go to school and say, I own three horses? She does tell people she owns horses. Like she's like, it's like, not my dad. Like I own the horses. Yeah, but she doesn't say like it's a digital horse. She says like, I own a horse.  Yeah. But right now, like I, I've heard that they're going to eventually add gate preference. I've heard that they're going to eventually add weather. Uh, and I imagine the lad fatigue. So you can't just go race though. Cause right now you could essentially take your horse. I could take Escobar, which I need to own. And then I could basically race Escobar 20 times in a day and it doesn't matter. So right now you can be in three races at one time, meaning three, like there's a bunch, I don't even do 20 in a day. I could literally like three races all at the same time. Simultaneously my horse. That's the most you can, but it,  You just like blindly race it. You have to look at the data. You have to figure out, okay, when is this horse, is this horse doing really well? Like, okay, it's going 1400 meter races, but it's not winning. But it's in, but it's in first place when you hit a thousand meters. So should I be, you know, only entering into a thousand meter races? You have to figure out a lot of that stuff. But once, once you start looking at the data, like there's a lot of like saber metrics type of data. Once you start looking at the data, it's, it's a game changer.  If I'm thinking of this game, it feels like the people who own the horses are a step below the people who own Zed. Okay. But then there's this like middle ground. I want to own a track. How do I do that? So I've heard, so they did it up. They announced a partnership with Atari. Okay. The Atari is going to be doing like branded a few branded horses, like Atari horses that are going to be like rare. And then I've heard that there's like, I mean, you could think about like the central land and things like that, where.  I caught up with a friend recently and we were talking about crypto and ZED and NFTs and he's like, you know, my sister married this guy and he has been obsessed with ZED for like a few months and the family is about to have this, like he's just racing digital horses all day and the family's about to have an intervention with him. And I was like, send me the stable link. Send me like, I want to see the stable. And he sent to me, it's like 13 Z1s, like 40 Z1s.  the floor value. Someone offered me 40K for one of my Z1s. I said no. I think they'll be worth, once the Genesis horses are done, I think Z1s, there's only a thousand of them, Genesis Z1s, I mean they're gonna go for 100K each minimum. 100 on a million? 100K? I think the worst Z1 will be worth 100K. You can barely buy one for 30, 40K right now. Wow. All right. Because there's not that many. So how do I go on a track? Is that available yet?  We all put our avatars in there and just have foot races. Yeah, I mean the question is, you know Can you make these horses better or do you or like are they are what they are? Like a training process like can I buy a shitty horse and then like, you know Like so I you could theoretically buy a shitty horse that was incorrectly ran So like if you see a horse that has really bad odds at 2,000 meters and the owner was only running at 2,000 meters and then you start racing and others and you realize Oh this horse actually does really well at 1,200 meters, but you don't know that until it runs those. Yeah, so you've got you so that there's like a process to figure out  forever. Do they sell them and like cash out? Like, I don't know. Listen, if I can get a, if I can get two, three K every two weeks from one horse, um, now, now maybe eventually like the demand goes down, but again, see ones only a thousand of them, you know, uh, Nakamotas, not many Nakamotas in general. So if you can make that that's the whole utility thing. If I can make money racing and breeding, I'm not going to sell my horses. Why would I sell them? I'll make my, all my money back that I spent just by doing those things. And then let  and you can race the horses. You have to use an EAF. So yeah, it goes in there and I don't, like, the funny thing is, this joke I've been saying with a bunch of people, is that like you go on your race, right? Every night before I go to bed, I just, I know the odds, I know what horses like, I look for the right race and I just put my horses in those races and I go to bed and I wake up and I look at if I want anything. The funny thing is because EAF has been blown up, I put $5 into a race,  It looks kind of futuristic, little ready player one-esque, right? And they're ready to rock and roll. Yeah. So, I mean, I don't know where Zed 100% is going. Is it only ever going to be horses? Are they going to do other things? But there's a lot of just value and utility of just the horse stuff. So I've been having fun. And like, I think, yeah, you can make a lot of money off it. I think owning a track or, you know, like Zed, Zed, I don't think