 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  released the Board of Governors released today a proposal for a 60-day comment period that is aimed at defining who can get access to the US dollar payment system and That proposal has six principles in it Five of them are really that really have to do with risk One has to do with are you legally eligible? And the reason that the Federal Reserve put that out is is Largely due to what's going on in digital assets  And what most folks don't understand is that this is actually really positive for digital assets as a whole. There are certain rules that you have to abide by in order to gain access to the payment system, but the Federal Reserve has just put out the guidance for what those rules actually are. So for those that are like starting at one on one, just when we talk about the Federal Reserve payment system, what exactly does that entail? And then we'll get into some of the rules that they're proposing here. So to get access to the payment system historically,  The money transmitters and trust companies are not depository institutions. They're not banks under that definition because they're not authorized to take US dollar deposits. Now, if you take US dollar deposits, you have to be able to clear those US dollars somehow through the Federal Reserve. There are really two ways to do that. One is you go directly to the Federal Reserve, which is Nirvana. The other is you go through a third-party bank called a correspondent bank. There are lots of banks that do both in the traditional banking  assets, just like they never insure securities. They only insure US dollar deposits, but they haven't even, even though they wouldn't insure digital assets, they haven't even wanted insured banks historically to touch digital assets. So those that do, and I've said this many times before, like Silvergate, like Signature, those banks have taken on a lot more regulatory burden because they've got a regulator who doesn't really necessarily like digital assets. But until today's announcement from the federal  of the proposal. So in other words, the FDIC not wanting to ensure banks that handle crypto for custody or exchange purposes is no longer a blocker. The Federal Reserve has now opened the door to non FDIC insured institutions to get access to the payment system. And so the real impact of all this, the aha moment is we can now actually have US dollar clearing simultaneously  consumer can dispute an ACH payment for up to two years. You don't have the same settlement cycle timing wise and you don't have the same settlement finality. That creates an enormous amount of risk for institutions that are handling crypto. To be able to have an institution that can settle US dollars directly at the Fed and provide custody of crypto so you can cross those two transactions simultaneously, that's a big deal. It doesn't exist in this industry right now.  capital requirements, talk a little bit about what the requirements are and why some of the organizations that are essentially acting as banks, right? But why do they not meet those capital requirements? Well, if you look at what a trust company is, a trust company just holds assets in trust. They don't guarantee the assets. They don't guarantee performance of the assets, of course. They're just holding it as a money warehouse. And in some states, you can start a trust company for $500,000 in capital.  capitalized at about a quarter to a third what the bank capital requirement is to give you some sense for the magnitude of the difference. And then there's also, there's so many rules for access to the payment system as being deep into it with Avanti, I've learned so much about the details behind a bank that can clear US dollars with the Fed. That is definitely a very high bar from a technology perspective, as well as from a payment system risk perspective and a compliance  of the big players in the industry who are nervous about holding their deposits at these relatively small banks. Because remember, FDIC insurance only goes up to $250,000 if you put deposits at the banks that are serving the industry right now for US dollar services. That's one thing. Most of the crypto players are putting millions, if not tens or hundreds of millions of deposits and only $250,000 is insured. These banks are relatively small. They want more banks. They want more  industry. And it's potentially, if there ever were to be a regulatory crackdown, I don't think there will be, but also just the size of those banks. These are not large banks. And this industry is just ballooning around them. And obviously they're starting to get some industry concentration and that is starting to become a bit of an issue for some of the players in the industry. So they would like alternatives. And I think this announcement from the Federal Reserve today makes it clear there are going to be  that are an OCC trust approved that thinly capitalized, not insured, but did get the trust approval. Does this simply mean that they're kind of carved out into the digital asset space so they can accept Bitcoin, Ether, whatever other cryptocurrencies, stablecoins, et cetera, and they just don't have access to that Federal Reserve payment system? Or is there some other structural challenge that they now face because of this proposal? No, it's the former. And in some cases, just having talked  getting the national trust charter. But the difference is, though, that that national trust charter does not give access to the payment system. So they will have to use a correspondent bank to clear their payments. And therefore, they're not able to offer a simultaneous settlement and an atomic swap of a U.S. dollar versus a digital asset. Got it. And then when you think about Avanti, obviously, I'm an investor and we literally are talking about this live. So I'm going to get the investor update right now.  There are a lot of details. It's a surprising amount of detail in order to become a US dollar clearing bank. In other words, to get access to the US dollar payment system. And we are deep in the weeds of all those implementation details right now. So we don't have an announcement for an opening date. Obviously, this comment, this new proposal has to go through a 60-day comment period. That is, by the way, again, in FedSpeak,  those third party banks at any point in time. Every US dollar ultimately has to clear through the Federal Reserve, whether it's through a bank that has a direct relationship or whether it's through a bank that has a bank that has a direct relationship. Every one of those US dollars, right? So even with Tether, with the stablecoins, but also with the companies that do business with Bitcoin, or even you as a retail individual who might transfer money in and out of Bitcoin companies, every one of those US dollars ultimately  mean they won't, right? I mean, it took Ripple eight years for the SEC to sue it over the unregistered securities offering. So these things can take a lot of time for enforcement actions, but I think it is important that there is now a clear path to digital asset companies to getting right with the Federal Reserve and taking that asking for forgiveness instead of permission strategy off the table.  What happens after that comment period's over? The Federal Reserve has to finalize the rules. And if you go and look at the history, sometimes it takes a long time to finalize. Sometimes the rules get finalized pretty quickly. So stay tuned. That's something only the Federal Reserve knows. Awesome. Last question for you and then I'll let you go because I know you're busy today is just as you look forward, does this lead to many more companies trying to pursue the SPDIs and the  to build the legal and regulatory foundation for the special purpose depository institution bank charter, which is the first new type of bank charter in the United States in apparently four decades. But we didn't just do it on a whim. Some of the actions of some of the other states and of the OCC happened very, very quickly without, I would argue some sound legal footing. For example, only in the state of Wyoming is commercial law clear. So you know you have clear legal footing  it just means they don't have clarity. And so if you're gonna start to get a bank license, you're gonna need to have clarity in things like the commercial law. So I find it interesting that other states are trying to copy Wyoming's bank charter. Apparently there are four others now that are trying to copy Wyoming's bank charter, but they haven't copied the other legal foundation and all that stuff. I mean, this has been a three-year process. The state of Wyoming has been in contact with the federal reserve for three years about this. And so the whole idea of  the in the hopper and there are many others circling waiting for some clarity from the Federal Reserve. And once it comes, yes, I think that that that flip has been or switch has been flipped, so to speak. I love it. I'm long, Caitlin Long. I'm long, Avanti. I'm a big fan, obviously. Thank you so much for taking the time to jump on real quick and help everyone unpack exactly what the hell is going on here. But overall, I think this is very, very positive news for the entire industry.