 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  What's up, man? How you doing? I'm doing great. You were the first person in this room. It's nice. You got a good setup here. Yeah. Mike sat down and he looked around and it was one of those looks of like, oh shit, this is real. This is big time. All right. Uh, let's start. I actually have notes. I'm going to be really serious for like two episodes and then I'll go back to being myself. Um, let's just talk about your background first. Uh, we met at Facebook, but before your Facebook, what'd you do? Uh, before Facebook, I was a consultant. Uh, so spent time building a  build their financial models. So you understand every single driver, all the different lovers, how the business model works. And so being able to work across a bunch of different industries, in a bunch of different processes, helped me early on in my career build these mental maps of like, okay, this is how corporate finance is done. This is how when you watch CNBC and you get the earnings and it's like, okay, we are, here's our earnings projections. Here's our guidance. Here's how all this is done. Here's all this is made. That accuracy becomes so important. So yeah, really fortunate to start off my  was like right around Christmas, uh, ended up accepting the offer. New year's Eve moved out of my place. New year's day. I was in San Francisco. Uh, and I think we stumbled into each other like a couple of weeks after that. Once you go on the walk, they got you. Like for those that don't know at Facebook, if you go on the walk, they have you because there's a long walk to look how great this place is. And then they're like, Oh, by the way, here's an offer. Uh, you should take this and then you take it. That's how they get you there. All right. Before we get into Facebook, uh, cause I feel like that's like a very specific  the projections where we believe we're gonna be and like really that's like kind of what is the heartbeat of the business to some degree, right? Absolutely. I mean at the end of the day, it's all about, you know, a business is about, you know, taking in cash to generate more cash and driving those returns. And what's interesting you mentioned kind of like the day to day, you know, and I think the problem with current state financial systems is you don't have that day to day visibility. And I think people spend a lot of times building these financial plans. And the way that typically works is the finance team will work with  sales, marketing, every single group kind of has their guidance in their targets. Then they go operationalize that and they say, okay, what projects do we want to do? Who do we need to hire? What pieces of software that we need to buy? And they substantiate those targets with what people describe as a bottoms up build. And so this is like bottoms up everybody in the business. What are they actually going to do to execute on those plans? Make sure that they can hit their goals, hit those targets. And so there's a lot of kind of just information that cascades down and then it needs to cascade up.  set, it just collects dust, you know, and it just sits there. Then people actually go off and execute, you know, like, okay, we've set our annual plan. Literally two or three weeks later, you know, your marketers like, uh, actually I'm going to double down on this project, punt on this project. Instead of a full-time hire, I'm going to hire a contractor, you know, and they make all these different changes. Uh, and that is really tough to capture from a finance team who spent all this time building this model. It's just a, it's just a model. Uh, and so that's kind of what brings us to trace where I've like, I've learned these insights, solve this problem.  And then you can make sure that you set that guidance. You told wall street, like what you're going to do. Let's make sure that as we're executing, we have that day to day visibility, uh, into, into, uh, yeah, how we're gonna, how we're gonna do what we're going to do. The other way to do it the old way is like set our financial plan. Everything happens. We add everything up in the accounting system and then we hope that it matches. And then we try to do like an analysis and understand that variance. It almost feels like there's a, uh, a complete disjointment between the finance team and then like,  and that's where you get some of the quarterly projections and numbers and stuff like that. So it sounds like the solution here is just make it as dynamic as possible, shorten the feedback loops and make it more real time, right? And that's essentially what you guys are ultimately trying to do. Absolutely, absolutely. All right, so let's talk about Facebook. I'm gonna tell a quick story to tell you how good a friend's mic and I are. Some of our old colleagues may listen to this and just laugh. I used to ping Mike on Facebook and Messenger,  is  entrepreneur, you sold a company in the past. And I think our relationship and our friendship is really what opened my eyes to actually digging deep. And you can probably remember back in the days I was working on all sorts of side projects. You introduced me to the first engineer I've ever worked with. I was tinkering on all sorts of things. And it's amazing. Fast forward five years later, it's actually took the plunge, left the job, went all in on starting something. I used to enjoy on Friday nights, Mike and I, before we'd go out,  like networked aggressively. And I think when you're inside of those businesses and you have a chance to work with so many smart people, so many dynamic people, knowing that I would have been an entrepreneur, I wish I would have just met as many people as possible. Instead of just going to the gym with you every single day, it's like it's an amazing place to go spend time and just learn the ropes and really network, you know, because I think you realize as you building your companies, like being able to recruit great designers and great engineers, like all of that matters so much. But to your question, like what's  build. And I think that was probably the biggest learning for me. I always tell people, yeah, I was at Facebook for five quarters and people laughed. They're like, you're such a finance guy. You think about things in terms of quarters. And it was enough cycles for me to learn that like, actually, I want to go build. And so that's where I started looking earlier stage, not founding, but going to like Series C, Series D, where it's kind of like at that stage where you need to build a lot of that early infrastructure. So that was definitely my biggest learning.  being built yet. I see for those that are listening as individual contributors. Individual contributor, yeah. And I think there was really no foundation. I think our kind of directive was go build the finance infrastructure, you know, and get this place ready to go public at some point. We need kind of to grow. I think at that point we were about 500 employees when I joined. By the end of that first year, we were 1,800 employees, so it was like insane growth. I joined just before we closed the  plen extended into as we started to build. So I like I said, I was so fortunate in my early days, my first few years of my career to, you know, work with those big fortune 100 businesses understand organizationally, how were they set up? How what are their processes? What technologies do they use? And so I learned the playbook. And I think when I joined Zenefits, I quickly implemented that playbook to say, here's what the modeling environment should look like. Here's what our team structure should look like. Here's the portfolio of services that we need to provide to our business partner.  I think having somebody who is willing to make tough decisions that are the right decisions for the business becomes really important. And I think that kind of what earned me my seat to kind of take over more of the finance function and to participate in board meetings and to help drive some of those decisions around restructuring, which are really tough things to do. But at that point, I mean, it saved the business for sure. Yeah. It feels like that's one of the stories of Silicon Valley of like you get all of the experiences wrapped up in 12 to 18  What's the thing you learned? I think it's business fundamentals matter, you know, and it's shocking, shocking, alert, alert 2021 breaking news. And it's crazy, right? Because you look at some business where the unit economics are upside down and investors are still piling cash into these businesses. And the playbook has worked in some instances where it's like, even though the unit economics are upside down and unit economics being looking at for what's the unit of value that  Exactly.  I don't even know if it's a real person, but still emailing me. I've unsubscribed, I've blocked, et cetera, but I'm still getting emails. So Zenefits definitely knew what they were doing. They were relentless. Keep up their redundancy. Exactly what I was going to say. When you decided to leave, did you know you wanted to go start a company? I did. I did. Yeah. And so, yeah, when I decided to leave, it was on the, on the, on the, on the plan to go start a company up. All right. Why Trace? And what the hell do you guys do? I think people see it and they're like, wow,  things like software, you have professional services and contractors. Trace facilitates all of that work. And so it gives people a mechanism to go get those things done. And then it gives the finance team visibility into what these people are doing. And so the old world of this process is like, you collect a request and you stamp it for approved and those people go get those things done. What we do is we collect this great information.  And how does that impact my business? And that's powerful information set like a finance teams to accurately, you know, manage the business. One of my friends, he's a, he's a head of finance at like, you know, one of the top SAS companies. He says it best and he's a big fan of basketball. He's like the current finance tool set is like a coach, you know, coaching a game and not being able to make any adjustments until the game is over. You know, he's like coaches have to be able to make adjustments in real time. And the way that do that is, you know,  in place. We're still trying to figure out what the upper bound is. We just closed our first enterprise deal. Nice. Sales. Yeah. It was a 1500 person business. There are going to be 2000 employees by the end of the year. And so our, you know, our goal approach is like, let's focus on growth stage businesses now before they have all of this infrastructure. So like a hundred to 1500, 1500 to 1500 is a good kind of trace hq.com. They go there. By the way, for those that don't know, if you talk to the sales team,  and Matt, I mean we are. I've got I've got 4 brothers you've got one and we're all very similar. Yeah, him and I are like so competitive, but at the same time we have the same goal we want the same things. It's honestly been one of the most rewarding things in my life me and Matt, I mean we have a really special relationship as you know. He's my brother is my best friend, but I I love him like like a father, you know, and I want him to do well, I was one him to succeed. And so it's yeah, I think him and I being able to work towards  We can be honest. Yeah. But I think when there's other executives, there's a level of professionalism for sure. You know, and like him and I, we keep it professional like all the time, but I think we also like, we also like let, you know, things come out as well, like, and have a little bit more heated and heartfelt debates, you know? And I think it's a superpower, you know, because when you, when you have that trust with somebody and you know that at the end of the day, they, at the end of the day, nothing else matters. You can make zero dollars. Like they just want you to be successful. And that's the root of the thing.  It's just like, that's like a natural thing. And so it's unique. And as I've worked more with my brothers, like you realize like you're like exactly what you're saying. Like, yeah, I want them to be successful, but like, Hey man, don't forget like, you know, you're the little brother. So my little brothers and Matt, you know? Yeah. And Matt's like, yeah, I'm the little brother, but I'm the bigger brother. My youngest brother's taller than me and he reminds me all the time. All right. So with Trace, the whole idea here, I mean, it's like,  They're not used to building for these big enterprises, right? They're used to thinking about like, let's build a mobile app, let's build a website, something that it's more consumer facing. What changes in the product development cycle for you as you guys look to service really big customers that couldn't pay you a lot of money, but also there could be five different types of customers within one single customer base, right? Right, right, right, right. Yeah, it is tough. It's a balance. I think you need to start with your insights or the problem that you want to solve. And I think we were very clear  players in the market. And then it's just like tactically, okay, let's, you know, now we have like a big vision, you know, and we think there's a huge category to be defined here and to be captured here. How do we tactically go do that with like, you know, a few million bucks of a seed round and like, you know, a handful of engineers. And that's where it gets a little bit more difficult to say, okay, where do we start? What's our entry point with customers? And, you know, how do we how do we navigate from there to then continue to unlock and build  you have to be SOC 2 compliant and you need to make sure that you're protecting people's data. And so that's core infrastructure that we built in from the early days. So compared to building a consumer company where you're just throwing ideas out there and you're just trying to find a lightning strike, when you're building an enterprise company, you have to be really thoughtful about how you architect the system and how you sequence things to deliver value to customers. I'm really fortunate to be working with an incredible co-founder and CTO. His name is Martin Destan.  He makes sure that everything was synchronized. And it's the same thing. We're dealing with financial data across systems. You need to make sure everything is synced. And you also need to make sure that those documents are secure. And Box handles government documents for government agencies. And so that security aspect really came into play as well. And so we were really able to think about things like users and permissions, what users have access to what pieces of the different product, what can they see, what can they not see into the foundation early. And that's really going to be helpful  Does it lead to more revenue? Does it lead to just better forecasting? Does it cut costs? Like how do you think about the impact on an actual business? That's a great question. I'm gonna start all I do is ask questions Yeah, that's fair I'm excited for the questions at the end talk about aliens and stuff Yeah, so I think I'm gonna start with like a few different areas of where we deal with and where we're gonna create change so first is just from like a cultural  with speed and I think that's kind of the first shift that finance will create in a business. It allows finance to be a collaborative partner to the rest of the business and an enabler of the rest of the business to allow people to move with speed. The downstream impacts of that is now we're giving all of our business partners a way to collaborate with us, to give us information, to get us in the minds of like, what are you thinking about doing? And all that information can then be used to just supercharge existing financial systems and finance.  about is basically where the world's going. It's just real time information that now I say, okay, we thought X was gonna happen, X didn't happen, Y happened. If we take that input and we change it, rather than wait till the end of the quarter to make any change, we should probably change it on day three of the quarter so that the rest of the quarter isn't screwed up because one of the inputs we made into the model is wrong. Absolutely. Absolutely. Let's take a no brainer. Like actually coming from somebody not from the finance department, these big organizations, you're like, well, you guys haven't been doing that. Like it's kind of crazy to think about just how  pandemic happens, people literally scatter all over the world. It's like collaboration and collaboration software is more important than ever. Talk a little bit about just like what this does to the internal communications of teams as they start to use the software. Yeah, I think, well, the first thing is, you know, kind of when the pandemic hit, every single finance team was put on tilt, you know, and then they were saying, okay, like what do we have to cut expenses by 20%, 25%? What do we need to do? You know, and so using a tool like Trace to have the visibility into what's committed, what's not committed,  When you pick a scenario, you need to go execute that scenario, you need to socialize that and then collaborate with people. Collaborating on financial decisions and information is a really, really difficult thing to do. I think there's just a ton of information, there's a ton of documents that needs to be... You need to have both tools that allow you to collect this information, to collect these documents. But chatting then in Slack without the context of this information is really difficult  coming up like should we renegotiate? Should we go look for new vendors? Do we want to cancel this? All that can happen in the product and having that collaboration in context is really really helpful especially when you can't just go knock on somebody's desk and be like hey I need your help you know we want to make this change like is it good to go? And so I think it's it's it's increasingly important to have good productivity tools with collaboration deeply ingrained into the experience while while we're working remote. It almost feels like right now you  consumer like finance, right? Whether it's taxes or you know P&Ls and stuff like that then it is for these like kind of growth stage You know technology companies and if you can really just essentially establish that entire category and be the product leader there that it's a no-brainer, right? Yeah, absolutely. We think that's why I invested Yeah, we think there is a new category here, you know, I think there's like categories of financial planning systems There's categories of accounting systems and I think that there's we think that there's  for finance teams to do finance activities better. Power user tools for finance. Exactly. And what you guys are saying is, no, we need to give tools to the finance teams that help them work better with the product team or with the customer service team or whatever else. And so it's providing connectivity between the finance team and the rest of the organization. Absolutely. Absolutely. We say the category. It commits myself as even better business than I thought. Damn, all right. We don't actually compare our category to existing financial categories. We say it's most analogous to IT service management. So IT service management,  but they're not built for it. You're not built to understand your financial data, to do all of the connections with your financial systems and give you all the outputs that Tracie is going to be doing. But so from an analogy perspective, we're most similar to those businesses. And I mean, ServiceNow is $100 billion business, Atlassian $50 billion business to the top 10 enterprise cloud software companies. So we think there's huge category upside to finance service management. All right. So you've raised a good amount of money for early stage technologies.  great early investor, Jeff Claviot, Uncore Capital. He calls it, he's the OG of seed investing. He's been doing it for a really long time. It wasn't easy for us to get started on the fundraising trail. And so first piece of advice is, I think people get this advice all the time, is test your pitch with friends and people who you can really trust and dial that pitch in before you go talk to your ideal investors. So it's basically start with the people who, not necessarily you don't want,  potential and really a believer in the team. And so we initially raised a three million dollar kind of seed financing and that allowed us to go build our early team, develop these kind of proof points. We brought in some institutional investors into that round. And so we brought in Redpoint, Greylock and NICA all in about equal amounts. And they're typically a little bit later stage investors. And so I think there's always a question that an entrepreneur needs to ask themselves. It's, you know, if you're going to bring in a later stage investor, that brings  that worked out to be a great decision. We were fortunate to be working with Sarah Guao at Greylock. She's been an incredible partner from the very beginning. I think she deeply understands our market and what we aspire to do. I think she's a true believer in the category and the potential. And she's done the work to speak with CFOs in her network. They introduce us to customers that we can go chat with even early on before we were at the stage of our product being ready to sell.