 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  I'm 17 right now. I got into the world of finance at about 13 or 14. It was basically an intersection of my interest back then. I was really interested in economics, was also really interested in geopolitics and making money as well. It's all intersected. I started reading about investing, about Warren Buffett value investing, which is what I do. I spend a lot of time looking at annual reports, looking at  regular school stuff and then looking at, you know, and or interviewing people and you know, so on and so forth. So that's sort of what I do. I love it. I want to bring you on the podcast because you recently tweeted four of the most legendary trades of all time and then we're going to add two more for for this episode. But maybe let's just start with the first one. You said George Soros and the Bank of England and Breaking the Pound. Maybe tell us that story real quick. Absolutely. So that's that's probably the single most legendary  as it is today. And so after the reunification of Germany, so when East Germany and West Germany, they reconciled and they reunited. The German Central Bank raised interest rates all the way up because they were scared that they're going to see a lot of inflation. And at the same time, the UK economy was actually in recession, which means that the right policy in the UK would be to have lower rates so that it stimulates growth and  Britain would eventually see the pound fall out of the exchange rate mechanism. And to add to this, number one, the president of the Bundesbank, the Chairman of Central Bank, said that the pound could come under pressure and could possibly be devalued. So that sort of added to the bearish sentiment. Another thing was that the chief of the BOE at that time, I can't remember his name right now, but he said that he was going to spend about $15 billion defending the Great British Bank.  And as Soros looks at him so, sort of so menacingly, Stanley Chuckenbiller thought that Soros was just about to rip apart his entire thesis. And what ended up happening was Soros said that this was a once in a lifetime bet. And while Stanley Chuckenbiller had about $1 billion worth of position on it, Soros told him he had to 10X that to 10 billion to 15 billion. And they spent a lot of time actually just sitting there selling the pound to whoever  And in the middle of September 1992, when I believe it's called Black Wednesday happened, everyone was just simply trying to sit there selling pounds. And there's another extremely famous macro trader. His name was Louis Bacon. And on that day, he was able to find people to sell, people to sell pounds to. But then Sorrows was unable to find people to sell pounds to. And he was very, very pissed off that Louis Bacon was able to find people to take the other side of the trade, but he was not.  to act on it and do it in size and conviction, which takes what is a pretty good idea obviously and makes it a great trade is because of that courage and conviction they have to act. Another example of this is Paul Tudor Jones in 1987. He essentially predicted the crash of 1987 and was able to position himself to profit very handsomely from it. Tell us that story.  was to they were extremely similar. And about two weeks before Black Monday happened in October 1987, they started to aggressively short sell the market. He started taking this position before anyone realized that everything was going to go bust. And so the cost is usually said to be portfolio insurance. So basically what portfolio insurance does, it's sort of like a stop loss. So it says that if the market declines this much, no, I'm going to be selling  Miller, who was actually very, very long. So he had a long position. He made money if the market went up, realized that the market was going to collapse after seeing Paul Tudor Jones' study. And on Black Monday, actually, in the morning, there wasn't much of a move. It was kind of flat-ish. So he was able to flip his position from net long to net short. So he was able to start. He would make money if prices started to collapse. And he ended up making a big profit on Black Monday.  very exciting document. I've watched it a couple of times. I think, you know, that's something everyone should watch. Yeah, it's a, it's an incredible story, especially when you start to realize that a lot of the, the legendary macro traders, they essentially were sharing the trades with each other, right? So not only was it information that could be shared, but two was, you had to be able to act and be able to act within a certain timeframe, and with that conviction again. And so in that situation, where George Soros was able to  that. So about $200-250 million. And on top of that, Andy Krieger in general was a very, very successful trader. And his capital limit was about $700 billion. And so the New Zealand dollar was a relatively new currency. And what ended up happening was that the New Zealand dollar rose about 40% against the US dollar from 1986 to 1987. And so Andy Krieger analyzed it and figured out that the New Zealand dollar was extremely overvalued. And it was going to  and actually called up Andy Craig as well. It is claimed that he called up Andy Craig as well to say get the F off our currency little effort. And, you know, Cragger made a massive profit, he made about $300 million on this trade. And, you know, needless to say, you know, he went and worked for George Soros, who's pretty much the greatest currency trader to ever exist. So I think that's a pretty insane story as well. It's incredible, because it basically was like a naked short to some degree, right? Where they were able to short more  But the only thing that he really learned was that when you know you're right and you're almost 100% sure that you're right, then you should absolutely bet the house on whatever bet it is. So for example, Soros was almost 100% sure that the Bank of England would have to pull the plan out of the exchange rate mechanism. So he went and pretty much bet the entire house, he bet $10 billion, which is massive. And that's sort of a major thing  tends to go and buy their debt and buy their stocks, especially when the chances of recovery are quite great. And so back in 2008 or 2009, during the great financial crisis, everyone thought that the banks would be nationalized, just like they were during the Great Depression. But the officials had no intention to actually nationalize the banks. And the government released a white paper called the Financial Stability Plan. And when Tepper read that, he realized that the banks would have  cheap price. So he paid $0.09 on the dollar for every dollar of actual commercial and market-backed securities. And he paid only $0.09 for it. And he bought a lot of distressed debt as well. So he was able to find companies that were distressed, companies that were on the verge of bankruptcy. And he bought a lot of their debt. And the entire trade made $7 billion for his fund, Appaloosa Management. And Tepper, personally, he made about $4 billion. And in my thread, I put that into perspective. So if Tepper  situations and kind of fighting to make sure he drives those profits. Another example or great kind of legendary trade is John Paulson with the credit default swaps. Tell us that story. Absolutely. So as you all know that Michael Lewis has written a very famous book called The Big Short where he talks about Steve Wiseman, Michael Gury, and Jamie Ma, who also bought credit default swaps. So credit default swaps are basically insurance against the collapse of his market-backed securities.  hindsight, a lot of the things that were actually rated AAA were not actually AAA. A lot of the underlying mortgages in those AAA mortgage-backed securities were actual garbage, actual rubbish. When you have something that's AAA, the insurance on it is very cheap because the risk that they go under is very, very low. John Paulson was able to buy some extremely cheap insurance on these mortgage-backed securities and he  Usually, it's very asymmetric and you usually make it in a lot of size and you end up making a ton of money from it. So that's sort of what is common in all these trades. For sure. Let's wrap up with John Arnold and the natural gas trade of 2006. So at the time, Amaranth Advisors was basically this multi-strategy fund that had taken a lot of these, had taken a lot of positions  made some extremely bad bets. And I'm not aware off the top of my head whether he was long or short, but he made some extremely bad bets. And John Arnold was on the other side of the stage of these trades at his own hedge fund named Centaurus Fund Management. He took the other side of these bets and what ended up happening was that Amaranth Advisors went under. So they had about $6 billion in management and they were all dedicated to these bets on natural gas.  by Barbara Dreyfus, I believe. That documents this entire story as well. I think that's another interesting and exciting book that I think everyone should create. Yeah. You know a lot about these stories. How do you learn about all of them? Like if somebody's at home and they say, hey, I want to learn about more of the greatest trades in history, what would you suggest they do? So, you know, number one, it's usually, I have sort of an obsession with learning about finance.  and you know, if you read a lot, you're going to stumble on things that you know, you know, you existed, you're going to end up stumbling on things that you never, that you want to go ahead and research. So for example, when I was researching about, you know, how currencies work, I stumbled on the, on Soros breaking the bank of England. So, and then I went on to read a lot more about it. So I read pretty much everything I could, you know, all the stories, especially number one, it's really interesting, you know, it's such a large amount of money that's involved. That's one thing that attracts me to it. The other thing that, the other thing is, you know, I'm a,  I would read it. And I think, you know, that's what makes Michael Lewis so good. He's a really, really good storyteller. And so the big shot is an amazing book. Lyris Boker is an amazing book. You know, they're both by Michael Lewis. I think, you know, he's another awesome guy that you should check out. Yeah, I think that is very, very true. Which of the biggest takeaways that you've had? So you've done probably more reading on finance than most people who are, you know, two, three times your age. What are the takeaways that you can  losses is a key part of being a successful investor. That's another thing that I've noticed. The third thing is they all have an obsession with finance. It takes over your life. That's something that you spend most of today doing. For example, Warren Buffett, he spends most of the day reading annual reports. I think that's true for people like Soros and Druckenbouler and Paul Chief Jones and whatnot. The successful trade, they have an obsession with finance.  that drives them to just find the trade almost feels like in some weird way. It's not the money, right? It's not the profit. That's just the scoreboard. They're really just looking to understand what's that structural mispricing and then go and exploit it. And then the profit merely just tells them, yes, you were right in some weird way. Exactly, yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's yeah. Awesome. Well, listen, I really appreciate you taking the time to do this. These stories are amazing. You'll have to come back and tell us more in the future. But where can people find you  underscore investor has got to be one of my favorites that I've seen out there. So I don't know why you chose that one, but that's a pretty good one. Thank you. Awesome. All right. Well, listen, thank you so much for doing this, Srivatsan, and we'll have to do it again in the future. Absolutely. Thank you so much for having me. It's awesome speaking to you.