 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video. Some more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  years ago, we launched our fund in April of 2018. We've just now crossed over the three-year anniversary of having a track record, which is pretty rare in this space to find folks that last that long. It's been going phenomenally well. The team has grown now to about eight folks or so. The investment team there has grown pretty significantly. At the end of the day, that fund, you think about it as defensive crypto. We started it because I took a little bit of money in 2017 and turned it into a lot of money and then back to a little bit of money  we're beginning now, given the size of the team, we're beginning to be able to spend time and energy in areas that we haven't been able to focus on in the past. The set of strategies that we run where historically, they've been predominantly momentum strategies, you can think of them like commodities trading strategies by far and large, we've really added some pretty sophisticated machine learning over the last year and statistical analysis into the mix. It's just neat to see new things come to fruition in the platform.  70% of the gains in a bull market and 0% to 20% of the losses in a bear market. In aggregate, it's more comfortable exposure in a lot of ways. We found that that resonates with a lot of family offices and high net worth individuals who are just beginning to dip their toes in the water here. That feels like a more comfortable investment. The challenge there is that in a bull market like we're in, you're always going to lag the aggregate performance. It's just part of the strategy set.  do and the why, the why of what we do to folks. And that probably is the largest challenge we experience.  capture more of the wins and fewer of the losses. And that stat more than a sharp ratio or anything else does a great job demonstrating that ability. Explain that a little bit more, because I think that that's probably a stat that most people aren't familiar with. Yeah, so Sortina ratio, it's basically a numeric calculation that allows you to look at both the wins and the losses of the fund and from a return perspective and be able to put sort of a measure to that that can say,  just about where did this idea come from and then what have you guys built so far? Yeah, absolutely. We founded Strix in 2018 with the thesis that the institutional infrastructure in crypto really was non-existent or abysmal. With that thesis, we ended up building this octopus software platform. It's an investment management platform, and we've identified it as effectively the most robust investment management platform in the space. That's what we've used to run the Strix Leviathan funds over the last three years. Last summer, we got together as a team and really did some analysis  to this asset class. And so as we thought about that, we really, we started to look at why aren't people allocating here? What is the issue with this asset class that causes people to sit on the sidelines? And so we went and we spoke to a bunch of prospective customers, doctors, lawyers, bankers, tech execs, and we started to see this repeated message, like the space is just too intimidating. We've got 9,000 different assets now. Everything's named exactly the same thing or with some peculiar name that's impossible to pronounce.  that we can provide people easier access to this space. And so we found effectively with the SEC an avenue to register as crypto's first robo-advisor. So we're an SEC registered investment advisor with the SEC. And that allows us to effectively build investment baskets that clients can come and select. These baskets are the equivalent. You can think of them like thematic ETFs. So an investor can come to Makara, sign up, they go  on a quarterly basis. So there's a bunch of different avenues that we can utilize to get people on the platform and to make that process simple. Like the goal here is you don't have to understand all of the nuances and complexity of this asset class to participate. And so when you think through kind of spinning out a product that you've built, maybe just walk through kind of how you guys have historically have split resources internally and then why spin it out versus keep it internal.  that these two have the two businesses are very complimentary in nature. So the improvements we make on the octopus trading platform within Strix benefit the Macara clients and the learnings we make on the Macara side in terms of the passive products go back into the Strix side. So being able to spin it out and have two dedicated teams allow us to really get the proper resourcing on each side and grow the organization successfully. Yeah. And so when you start to roll this out, what's the importance of that SEC  some of the most successful businesses just don't want to touch the US. We didn't feel like it should be that way. Going forward with Macara, the thesis was being crypto's first SEC registered investment advisor, we can demonstrate to these market participants who are standing on the sidelines and are concerned about how bizarre this space is, we can demonstrate that we've gone the route to do this the right way. That registration allows us to give investment advice. It allows us to put together these investment baskets and be able to make those  one piece and then they may actually go buy and hold or do something else on another platform. How do you think about almost the percentage of wallet share for a user that comes onto the platform? Yeah, so the neat thing here, it's like this is not an exchange. The last thing crypto needs is another exchange. We've got a bunch of phenomenal ones and everybody that was an exchange has built some kind of buy and hold functionality to their app over the last year. So users that are in crypto, they're taken care of. This is targeting net new users.  is a no-brainer. But two, they're curious. To some extent, this is liquid angel investing. And people really just participate because they want to understand what's happening here. And it moves so quickly on a day-to-day basis that it's very hard to keep up. And so the objective with Mccarr is to mirror and match those investment baskets that individuals are making investments into with educational content that allows them to easily and simply digest what they're investing in. And there was some stat that was released three or four weeks ago  of the ideal customer for Macara or the ideal user, who is that? Is that a kind of a large net worth and a lot of liquid assets into cryptocurrency? Is that somebody who's more of kind of a beginner, a younger person? Just is there kind of a persona, if you will, or a customer segment that you're specifically focused on? Yeah. I mean, the only thing here is that there's no sort of minimum investment or there's no floor. It's not a hedge fund where you have to have hundreds of thousands of dollars invested  And this gives you that path to gain exposure simply and quickly and to learn from it. Yeah. And then how do you think about when it's a Robo advisor? Obviously people want to have an opinion, right? But there's almost this like automated element to it. It sounds like really the experience is like, come in, I kind of tell you what my goals are. And then your software and platform is able to then guide me in the right direction. Is that a fair way to think about it? It's exactly right. Got it. All right.  one given it's been such a hot topic of conversation for literally the last four years, particularly given 2008, it was like, oh, the ETF is going to get approved and that's going to save crypto. And then it pivoted to institutional capital is coming and that's going to save crypto. And so we've been talking about ETFs for as long as I can remember. What's the advantage to an ETF? Well, certainly, I think it opens up access to this market to a broader set of people that don't feel comfortable making investments here today. And it works  at Bitcoin and its movements over the last couple of years, the largest movements in this asset class typically happen when stock markets closed. You look at March 12 of last year, that was overnight in the US hours. You look at Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving is repeatable. You can guarantee that there'll be fireworks on Thanksgiving every year. New Year's Eve is another classic example. All of these environments that may be phenomenal buying opportunities or maybe selling opportunities for all you know, you're locked out in the construct of  in Bitcoin. They don't hold the Bitcoin. They can't get access to the Bitcoin that's in that ETF. You're not really a participant in all of this technology revolution. And so we think if the objective is just simplifying access to these new investors, we think there's better ways, like what we're building in Baccara, or even just looking at the exchange landscape and its evolution over the last couple of years, there are better ways to participate in this revolution than just buying Bitcoin.  I definitely agree there. Do you think an ETF would be bad? Like if it gets approved, assuming it does get approved at some point, is that a negative kind of event? No, definitely not bad. It's a phenomenal milestone for the industry and it's a valid stamp of approval. I just think we've had baited breath. Everybody's had baited waiting for baited breath for years waiting for this ETF to be here. And I just think it's not this magical end all be all point in time that changes everything for the industry.  given we sort of, we started in 2018 and sort of regulation was ostensibly very opaque or totally absent. And you sort of, everybody had to go to their lawyers and say, here's what we want to do. And then the lawyers would give you some advice and they'd say, you know, but that's our best at guess. Like we don't actually know how this is going to work. And so when we started Strix, you know, we configured it in a way that we thought was rigoratorily the appropriate route. And we're operating in Washington state. So New York and Washington state have the  get all your legal structure in place and away you go. All said and done on the strict side, I think we're close to three quarters of a million dollars we've invested into legal bills, not because we've done anything wrong or it's like because it's just opaque, like the lawyers don't know. And so you're playing this constant guessing game and the regulation continues to change. And so as it changes, you've got to sort of adapt and respond and react. And it's just, it's goofy. It's not a good way for  the right way to do this in a way where some state regulators have really pushed back. So it's been fascinating to watch those two tracks evolve over the last couple of years. I feel pretty good about the state of regulation in crypto in 2021. I think it only gets better from here. I think every month and every quarter that goes by, we get further clarity about how to do this the right way. I think startups in today's environment are at a structural advantage from that regulatory. It's the Oregon Trail  It's fascinating to me. So Washington state just this week passed a capital gains tax, which is like, it's an unfriendly tax for entrepreneurs. It's basically saying we don't want you to run an operated company in this state. And so thinking about that and thinking about the regulatory environment that exists here, it's really fascinating to compare and contrast that to what's been happening in Miami, particularly with the mayor, right? It's so amazing to watch the mayor interact with people on Twitter and really want to build an ecosystem and be active in the state.  or you can use them to push them away. And there's arguments for both sides. Each situation has to be evaluated on its own, but for the most part, it seems like certain states are headed in the wrong direction, and therefore they're losing citizens. Literally, I think it was just in the latest consensus you saw that a couple of states like California and New York literally lost political representation because they've lost somebody's citizens. And so naturally, where are those people going? They're going to states where it's more conducive  entrepreneurial perspective, it's not as if I have taken market pay over the last four years. The returns that I make from spending my time, energy and effort in this business, they're capital gains returns because I've invested a decade of my life here. I've done that at the cost of short-term income. It's pretty easy to look and Washington's funny given you've got Bezos, you've got Gates here. I think the legislature looks at  I think if you look at the 2017 bull market, in the midst of that, we had six or seven pretty material drawdowns over the course of 2017. They were fairly extended periods of time and from a duration perspective. 2018, 2018, the argument was the institutions are coming, the institutions are coming. We finally saw them materialize in 2020, particularly the back half of 2020. It's not stopped in 2021. I like to think through what's the difference between the 2017 market participant and the 2020  These institutions, they've now accepted that this asset class is not going away. The tooling and infrastructure to support their involvement in the asset class is finally here from a custodial perspective, from an auditor perspective, even just from the general conversation in the media. It's no longer crazy to say, you're going to hold Bitcoin on your balance sheet. You've got this aura of being innovative by doing it. Those investors, they're not  It was just unbelievable what the drumbeat of news was. Every day, it was some new piece of material, institutional news. That slowed a bit now. I don't think it's going away. That's how comparing contrasting 17 to 21, that's how we think about it. What do you think is the back half of 2021 look like? Do we see Bitcoin much higher? Will it top out at 60K?  apart again, much like it did in 2017. There's fewer reasons in my eyes for why that could be the case at this point in time. I think looking at the macroeconomic picture, there is so much cash sitting on the sidelines right now, and there is an appetite for speculative investments. There's an interest in generating above normal return. This is an asset class that has done that historically very well.  interesting to me is, you mentioned everything happening a little bit faster, but also when you compare it historically to 2017, so far we're further ahead than we would have been in that bull market. Some of that is the speed at which we go from these little mini boom and bust cycles and roll through the full cycle, but also just from days since the last halving, just how far ahead we are. It's quite impressive and frankly, I think as you're  I don't know. I'm with you. Nobody knows the future, but it seems almost too simple. It's constantly getting people to gut check themselves and recheck and recheck and recheck all the data and their analysis to see that everything's still intact. I think the really neat thing to me is I think at the end of 2017 and through 2018-2019, we were laughed at. You'd go anywhere and you say, I run a crypto hedge fund, literally laughed at. Now those same people are coming back and they're asking, how do they get  It's all a big experiment in human behavior and psychology and technology. And so this will change, but this asset class as a whole, it's not going away. It's here for the long run. Yeah, I tend to agree. Where can we send people to find out more about Strix or Makara? Yeah, absolutely. So Makara, you can find it Makara, M-A-K-A-R-A, digital, D-I-G-I-T-A-L.com. We've got a wait list ahead of our launch there and anybody that joins the wait list, it's received six months.