 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  application. Our investing platform is free investing in a custom stock and ETF portfolio. Our borrow platform is a low cost line of credit, securitized against your investment portfolio. So you can borrow at 2% against your investment portfolio. And then we have a high yield checking account. So a checking account that provides you 1% interest on your checking account, as well as 1% cash back through an M1 issue debit card. And everything works together in a very seamless intuitive fashion. So you can set up automated rules. So every dollar is intelligently allocated to your personalized plans.  15, 20 different applications and you're trying to do every single money movement manually. You have to do the trades, you have to wait for things to settle. And it's just become a little bit of a mess. And there's a benefit to having all your money in one place that I think from the ideal perspective, the user goes to a application, a platform, and they say, I use this to manage my money. I use it to manage my finances. And the notion of a checking account, a brokerage account, that's very legal in nature. And it shouldn't really matter to the end consumers. I have to manage my individual finances.  in. And because of that, we can offer you cheaper and lower cost borrowing rates than you can get anywhere else. So it's not something that you could put together with sort of point solutions out there and put it together in your finance folder. It's only when you bring everything under the same platform that you're able to have these synergistic effects in managing your money. It's basically you get an efficiency of scale to some degree, right? Efficiency of scale. And it's, you know, if I'm trying to loan you money and I don't have your assets, I'm looking at your credit score. I'm looking at your income. I'm trying to verify  cohesively rather than putting together a bunch of solutions out there. So this idea of a finance super app has been very well received by the market. I literally had to write this down to make sure that I got it all right. You did a $33 million Series B in June of 2020, $45 million Series C in October of 2020. And then you just did a $75 million Series D in March of this year. Why is it growing so fast? And where's that growth coming from?  outside of finance had been improved in spades. It was unrecognizable to what you could do 10, 15 years ago. And the brokerage platforms, the banking platforms had not changed at all. And so I think there is now a lot of innovation. There's a lot of consumerization going into the finance space, much like the rest of the world. And it's bringing into par what people should expect with their money. And there's a lot of people out there with lots of money to manage, and they're just looking for the best tool. The nice thing is, M1 has ridden a wave of  where folks are essentially just day trading, right? Or kind of short-term investing. You seem to be much more geared towards long-term investing and less about the day trading type kind of approach. Talk a little bit just about the difference between those two and why focus on the long-term investing rather than that short-term investing that everyone else seems to be profiting off of right now. Yeah, for sure. So, yeah, M1 is definitely oriented towards long-term wealth building and wealth management. So we think of things, you know, you're saving for  Tuesday at 10 a.m. and then it's X plus 5% at Tuesday at 2 p.m. That happens, I think the we take a mentality that that's actually relatively rough to predict. There are gonna be random fluctuations and there is a little bit of a flip of the coin aspect of whether you're gonna be right and wrong. It's exhilarating, it's fun, but it's probably not the best strategy. And you get this aspect of it's incredibly tax inefficient. Even if you make money one time, you have to continually do it over and over again versus long-term investing is buying ownership stakes. And the ownership stakes of  versus buying ownership stakes and benefiting by the ownership stake. And M1 has just been always oriented and geared towards that. And so we say that for investing, you're actually making relatively infrequent decisions. It's where do I want my money to be held at any given time? And you're trying to hold it for months, years, decades. And so what actually becomes tough is you have incremental money with your paycheck every two weeks and how do you put that to work? And so M1 is much more geared about you tell the platform, here's how I want my money managed. And then anytime you have incremental dollars,  thesis or a long-term view, talk a little bit about maybe some things that you guys have done in the product itself to adhere to that idea of discipline and that long-term nature. There are specific things that maybe you do that others in the market don't do that you think kind of pushes people to be more long-term oriented. Yeah, so I 100% agree with that. We talk a lot about financial well-being and doing beneficial habits and automating those habits so that you don't have to consistently remake the decision. And so it's the exact same as working out  distributed into that and you can set up recurring deposits. So, you know, $500 worth your paycheck every two weeks. We survey how your portfolio has done relative to your allocation and we intelligently direct the money. And the way that we do it is basically enforcing a buy low sell high. So, you know, if you want something to be 10% of your portfolio and it's only seven, we're going to buy more of it. We're going to dynamically rebalance your portfolio. And we're going to say, you know, we're going to, with that sort of control risk tolerance, we're going to systematically buy low and sell high. And then we have a lot of other products  It is also like a huge tool for minimizing taxes. So you never have to, you know, if you want to tap into the liquidity of your portfolio, you don't have to sell and create taxable events. And so it's sort of the culmination of all of those things that just automate the beneficial behaviors of personal financial management and do it over long periods of time. Yeah. What happens to the incumbents here? Like all these legacy banks, all of this legacy infrastructure, brokerage accounts, et cetera, do they just get completely wiped out by kind of fintech  and Charles Schwab was a better product, better pricing than the Wirehouse brokerages. And so over incredibly long periods of time, they compounded at incredibly high rates and now they're $100 billion, Rehemis, Vanguard, Custody's, I don't know, $6 trillion or whatever it may be. And really just reinforce better product, better pricing. And I think it's not like Morgan Stanley or Merrill Lynch, I guess Merrill Lynch went away, but Morgan's, they're in the Bank of America now, but it's not like Morgan Stanley's away. It has a demographic.  coming in and getting the new 20 and 30-year-olds to sign up for the platform. So I think it's more generational. I do think the banks, the nice thing is they have brand name and profits and all that kind of stuff. Having a legacy code base, all the retail branches, all that, that would be a massive hindrance. And I think it's very difficult to compete with that as an anchor dragging along, whereas the world as a whole, not just financial services, is digitizing everything and  a lot about, like, yeah, sure, theoretically, the world should work where better technology or new companies come and disrupt the incumbents. But actually, what is more likely is the user base that you guys are onboarding, where folks who probably weren't doing that much investing previously, right? It's a younger generation. And so you're actually bringing more and more people into these investing platforms, which is a net positive and kind of grows the overall pie. And so is that what you're seeing in the actual data? Is this mostly young people, especially over the last year or so with the pandemic and kind of macro environment?  and as a result, just affluence is almost like directly proportional to age. And so we're a little bit older than that. And so our average account balance is in the tens of thousands. We have $4 billion on the platform that has 5X over the last year. And it's people bringing over $50,000 accounts, quarter million dollar accounts, low single digit million dollar accounts from the incumbent players, which is really booing the AUM. And so for M1, our growth is more driven by a what we call like mass affluent, five, six, low seven figures  worse user experience, but just having the credibility of an established brand name that has been there for decades and decades. Yeah. You've talked a couple of times about various products or kind of this idea of free. What's your business model? How do you make money? And then how do you think about that kind of aligning interest with the user? Yeah. So we have three main products and one invest and one borrow and one spend. We also have an annual paid subscription. All of those are free by default, but we have a paid subscription that's sort of like an  thing. We, M1 borrow, we charge a rate and our cost of capital is less than that. So we're earning a spread. And then on the spend side of the world, it's much like a bank. So we make money on the deposit as well as anytime someone swipes the card of interchange. And so you have really, I mean, M1 makes money on the assets held on the platform, the borrowings through the platform and the transactions. And it's really just, if we become someone's primary financial institution, it's a very like vibrant and healthy business in terms of being free and sort of aligning with the interests of our consumer. I think,  think the not having an explicit charge for the services does align interest. And I think those revenue streams sort of exist, whether you charge or not. And I think it's just M1 and the companies like it are saying, we can survive solely on that. We don't have to charge in addition to these backend revenue streams. Yeah. Talk a little bit about the payment for order, folks. I think people don't understand actually how that works and then why platforms choose to do it and kind of what the benefits are. I think they've heard a lot about the downsides, but maybe  pay versus like sell a security for, and the difference between that is the spread. And on the open exchange, there is a spread, it may be a penny, it may be five pennies, and then there are also exchange fees. And so M1, we have the ability to send it to NISI and pay the spread equivalent and the exchange fees. What the wholesalers do is they actually compete and say, we will offer you better pricing than what you can get on the open exchange. So we will execute between the spread. We will give you better prices for buys, better prices for sells,  to the individual retail consumer by giving them better execution pricing. And we also get paid for it. And so that covers the cost of developing the product, developing the platform, executing these trades on the customer's behalf. And so I actually do think it's a unique business model. I actually think it works incredibly well. There are downsides associated with it. I think it's not all net positive. The worry is if you have all of this operating in sort of this like opaque, like off the open exchanges,  money. So we have the invest borrow spend. We think those are like pillars of M1 and that will be our pillars moving forward, but we'll move more into different types of lending. So we'll, you know, we have it against your liquid assets. We'll be able to, you know, blend against your hard assets of your home, whether that's a mortgage or HELOC unsecured and really just say, Hey, this is what is available to you. We're underwriting you as a person. We're going to give you the best rates, most flexible terms, and you could borrow at will on the spending side. We're coming out with a credit card and we're doing very unique things on the credit card where you get benefits  that you think other founders could benefit from knowing? I mean, there's like a million lessons inside. I do think it's, you start with a idea in that it matters. That being said, it more matters how you execute against that and how you execute that is the people that you bring on to help you along the way. So, having a okay idea or a good idea is helpful to start with, but it doesn't matter unless you bring incredible people along the way that the company is 100%  read. Most important book, Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works. I like geek out on economics and that side of things. And then the behavioral economics type thing has sort of taken over the econ field. And I think just like a intrinsic fundamental understanding of how humans and their biology dictate thought and creativity and why you make decisions. It opens your eyes and it  because the product is so popular and the likes. And so, you know, if you have an in for them to ship it quicker, it is getting delivered to me shortly. So my mom and dad were like, they could survive on four or five hours of sleep. And I felt like it was a superpower. I need like an eight and a half, nine hours. I get grumpy. I get, you know, I am not a good sleeper generally. And so I sleep more than I would like. I am pretty like dogmatic and religious about getting good sleep because I  but it seems more unlikely than not that they're not out there. I completely agree. I understand why people think that we should have seen them. Where are they? Listen, if you think that we know everything that we're supposed to know, you are much more optimistic about our knowledge base than I am. Right. You get into that, the whole like speed of light thing. I mean, even humans just haven't had like radio waves going out for that far.  the legacy financial system is a closed system, right? And what I mean by that is when you have a open system like Bitcoin, anyone in the world with an internet connection could simply plug into it and now get all of the economic benefits of a store value, medium of exchange, and also kind of this payment application. And so for you guys specifically, if I said to you, hey, I know a payment app, that payment app is growing 200% year over year compounded for a decade plus, and it has the ability  There's legacy traditional finance and there's like legacy FinTech and now there's crypto stuff. It's just simply that you've got this open network of kind of a payment system that has incredible volume, has literally 100 plus million users, and what it affords an opportunity for is for you simply just to plug into it. Now, that doesn't mean that all the users are going to go use it. There's plenty of FinTech companies who said, hey, you can now buy and sell Bitcoin or you can hold Bitcoin here, whatever. And so it's not kind of all just positive. You got to look at the regulatory framework here.  Yeah, no, it's a good argument. Like, I may able to do like a quick follow up. Yeah, of course. How much of it do you think is like driven by it being a tech improvement and, you know, sort of like the blockchain technology versus the regulatory stuff? Because, you know, like I don't actually have that sort of position on it, but I question like, are some of those things possible with current technologies? And it's just they're not allowed in the regulatory framework that we have, or is sort of crypto and blockchain sort of a net new thing that only because  time soon. But there are some very, very significant technical advantages that can't be replicated by the legacy world, right? So when you think of kind of this decentralized open system, the last decentralized open system that we have was the internet. And so people did go and build kind of competition to that open system, right? They built intranets or even companies like AOL, etc. But what you ultimately find is like, again, open systems beat the closed systems. And so what I think you're starting to see is you  And then you've got this market that again, you know, trades 24, seven, 365. And the assets themselves have very specific kind of criteria to it. It just is a free market competition between legacy system and this new system. And actually, the legacy system has a massive advantage, right? They've got brand names, they've got a lot of capital in it, they've got a regulatory regime that is more favorable to it, all that kind of stuff. But still, people are moving to this new system. And some of it is generational, like you talked about earlier, right? Where you just got a lot of young people who they like this, their digital  they'll thrive in this new world and some will be hurt by it. But I think a lot of actually the way that you look at M1 versus like the traditional financial platforms is similar to how I look at like crypto and FinTech. And so, yeah, the world's not binary. It's not black and white. It is very gray. And so I think that, you know, it's a thing where those who kind of empower their users to do it earlier probably benefit a little bit more. But even if you wait a year and do it later, like your users will still get some benefit out of it. It's just kind of, you know, how much kind of  m1finance.com or we're in the Play Store or App Store on, you know, iOS or Android. We have media profiles on sort of all the major social media sites. And so we have a big subreddit community, you know, tens of thousands of people talking about the good, bad and the ugly about M1. So there's a lot of places to find us online. Awesome. Well, listen, thank you so much for doing this. I really appreciate it. I'm fascinated with you guys, your building, cheering for you guys. And please, we'll have to do this again in the future. Yeah, absolutely. No, really a lot of fun and thanks for having me on.