 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  we believe that users should be in control on the internet, not companies. And that starts with your domain, which is like your identity online. So you control your domain. It's a NFT stored inside of your wallet. Just like cryptocurrency, nobody can take it away from you. Nobody can move it around. Nobody can make updates to it other than you. Very different than a traditional domain name, which is stored by GoDaddy. GoDaddy can take it away from you. GoDaddy can get hacked. GoDaddy can get tricked. And somebody else can be making updates or changing it or whatever.  for a couple of years. And yeah. So one of the things that just immediately jumps to mind, and we've talked about it in prior episodes that you've been on, is this idea that the wallet addresses are really confusing. They're long strings of letters and numbers, very similar to what IP addresses used to be, where people would have to type in, you know, 121.10.746, whatever. And then when somebody came up with human readables, I could just type in www.google.com that made the internet much, much more usable, much more user-friendly,  So Opera browser is actually one of the top five browsers in the world. It's just not as popular in the US. Now, there was a period of time, I think, maybe 10 years ago where techies in the US were really into it, but they have kind of moved to other browsers. But in Europe, it's extremely popular. Around the world, it's extremely popular. I believe it's the most popular browser in Nigeria now, which is also one of the top countries for crypto. So I think there's potentially a link there.  is you can now resolve .crypto websites inside of all of Opera browsers properties. So this is over 300 million internet users that can now just type in a .crypto and it works just like a .com. It also works with a payment use case, but this is kind of a big deal for decentralized websites. Yeah. When I was at Facebook in 2014, 2015, we used to make fairly simple changes  Yeah, it's like so that I think the published number is a little over 300 million. So I don't know the exact number of current internet users, but I think it's pretty close to one tenth. Yeah. And so when you think about kind of the importance for crypto, is there a thought process here that like the emerging countries and developing countries are actually better suited to adopt these types of technologies? Is that a better place to focus on? Or what really kind of drove the the idea between going and doing this partnership with Opera? You know, I think that there's a lot of  of terms of browsers. So that's been our focus. But there's a ton of opportunity there. And I'm sure we're going to get there eventually as we continue to grow. Yeah. And so will people be able to use the domains for the exact same things that they can use on other browsers in the Opera browser? Are there any sort of obstacles to the full usage of the product? No ifs, ands, or buts. No change this setting. No make this update. You just do what you would normally tell somebody what you would normally tell  Absolutely. And it's the thought process that people will choose unstoppable domains utilized via the Opera browser over kind of the traditional domain system, simply from censorship resistance and some of the benefits that we previously talked about. I think it's more about consumers having control of what they're doing online. So it might not necessarily be that you're concerned about being censored, it's that you're concerned about you having complete ownership because all around the world we have these these  this custodian. You don't know 100% that the web content that you're looking at is presented to you by the person that you were intending to go and see. I think blockchains in general, their superpower is about verification. You know 100% certain things about what you're looking at, what you're using, who you're interacting with, etc. It's absolutely fascinating. Another thing that you guys have done recently is you've basically empowered the ability for people to use  So the app, what it does is it goes and looks inside my wallet, finds the NFTs that I own and displays that as an art gallery. And I've got one up right now at brad.crypto. And what you know is when you're looking at brad.crypto, you know that the owner of the domain is also the owner of those specific assets. And that's something that you don't get with web2. That's something you don't get with the traditional web is that you don't have any assurances about the content that you're looking at. And so in this new internet world, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go around on the internet  building out kind of functionality or some of this kind of auto generation versus users can do that themselves, right? Like, could somebody have gone and done this before you guys added the functionality on the NFT gallery using their own dot crypto domain? Or is it something where you guys, you know, as you kind of push forward, you'll continue to launch more and more functionality and it'll just make the dot crypto and the unstoppable domains much more attractive to people. It's all open source. Anybody can build whatever they want. People have built their own versions.  thousands and thousands of web developers, just like with the traditional web. Like we're not a web company. Our goal is domain names. And this is really just a way to kind of get the creative juices flowing. Yeah. What's been the most surprising thing to you, both from the Opera launch and also the NFT galleries? Is there anything that just kind of blew you away or was something you weren't expecting, but it's pretty cool? People are obsessed  I've seen just with some of these galleries, I mean, I've seen people sit there and study a single gallery for 15 or 20 minutes. And that's a lot of time on site. If you built a website and you get somebody to stay there for 15 minutes, that's not bad on the internet. I think average time is like 10 seconds or something like that. So just the addictiveness of seeing this stuff has been probably the most surprising part to me. I think the second part, and this is kind of like  in these companies, and these companies have really low margins. They're saying we have this super active user base. They have all these issues on the internet. Crypto can help solve them. Let's go add a wallet, and then all of a sudden, we can enable all this stuff. Opera is an example of that. Brave is an example of that. I think we're going to see more of that. That piece right there is just another massive, massive community that the crypto world is onboarding and has  they've got distribution, they understand that they've got centralized infrastructure and they've got some kind of failure points along the way. And if they start to actually replace it with decentralized type infrastructure or crypto infrastructure, you can really actually kind of supercharge your legacy business and adapt and thrive in this new world rather than simply sit there, take it on the chin and be disrupted. And they're all looking at Chrome and these giant companies and those companies aren't innovating. Like those companies don't care about their browser business.  So like having money inside of your browser is kind of a no brainer for users. And that's something that was, you've just started being enabled over the past couple of years. And that's, that's your wallet following you around on the internet, all in one application. So it's, when you think about it that way, it feels somewhat inevitable that those things would come together. But, but now it's kind of finally, you know, out there in the market and you can play with it. Yeah. The other part that I think is so fascinating is that,  right? Absolutely. Yeah. All right. What do you want people to know or what should people go do now that you guys have this Opera integration and you have the NFT gallery? Well, first of all, you should go check it out. Go check. You can go check out brad.crypto as a starting point. But there's of course tons of tons of other websites out there. Mine's nothing special. But you should go. But you should go check out. Check out a bunch of new websites coming out. We'll be posting about them and go launch your own. It's like it's like  I've been cheering you guys on from the sideline for a while. I will continue to do that and appreciate you coming on. Where can people go and follow you or learn more about Unstoppable Domains? Yeah, go check out Unstoppable web on Twitter. That's a good place to follow whatever's going on and also check out unstoppabledomains.com. Awesome, Brad. Listen, thank you so much for doing this. We'll have to do it again in the future. Thanks a lot.