 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  Sure. So there's been a lot of speculation on Twitter about what the catalyst was. But I think, you know, it really comes down to the fact that there was a lot of leverage. Futures open interest was off the charts. And so basically means there's a lot of there's a lot of greed in the Bitcoin markets. Everyone was super over leveraged. Every time price went up, you know, everybody hopped in on their 10x long, 100x long on Bitmex and wanted to ride this thing as they thought it was going to explode. And so what happens is when there's that much  avoid a further sell-off, which kind of became like a self-fulfilling thing, right? So that could be true. Just by looking at the data, we did see a giant inflow of about 9,000 Bitcoins onto Binance. And Binance is primarily used in Asia, which would kind of line up with that theory that somebody had some kind of insider information about what was going on with the power outage, and they were trying to avoid the sell-off that they figured would come. But it really comes down to the fact  it's pegged to the price is through funding rates. So when the majority of the market goes short, the funding rates go negative, and then it becomes profitable to take the other side of the trade to go long. Same the other way around. When everybody wants to go long, funding rates go up, and the people that are long are actually paying people to go short to keep their price on the perpetual swap pegged to the market spot price. And so for weeks now, we had incredibly high funding  does the leverage get washed out? Is that simply just the price begins to dump and then there's a bunch of liquidations on the way down on that then further accelerates the sell off or is it something else? Yeah, exactly. So going back to the Jenga example, if you think about, you know, when the blocks at the top begin to fall, it causes the other ones under them and it becomes this huge cascade, right? And so it's the same kind of thing. We saw what happened with those 9,000 Bitcoins that got sent into Binance. It actually sent the price down to  traders have to sell to cover their losses, which sends the price even further down, which triggers more liquidations, and it becomes this self-fulfilling thing on the way down. And so that's what really drove that initial huge crash. We saw like 15% or 20% in an hour, something crazy like that. It was just basically a cascade of those liquidations. We saw, I think, according to the data I'm looking at, on Glassnode, we saw about $1.84 billion of liquidations within like an hour or two.  right? Yeah, absolutely. You know, we have a lot of really bullish sentiment in the market. And that obviously got wiped out in the last week. But you know, for a while, we had everybody thinking we're going straight to 100,000. And then it became profitable to take the other side of the trade once that the funding rates really spiked. So it was something that, you know, it was bound to happen eventually. But you know, I think this is something where you can see some silver lining here in the sense that no one got bailed out, right?  we have today. And you play stupid games and you win stupid prizes, right? When you saw the price dropping, it didn't seem to go below anywhere like $47,000, $48,000. And there was a couple of times where it kind of dropped to $51,000, came back to $52,000, $53,000, then it dropped to $50,000, came back to like $51,000, $52,000, dropped to $47,000, $48,000, $49,000, came back to $50,000. But it just felt like there was like almost like this floor kind of in that $47,000 to $50,000 range. Is that something structurally in the market?  broke and there wasn't much volume up until behind 47k, which was the next major support zone in terms of on-chain volume. That served twice as a strong support zone. Then in addition, Charles Edwards hash ribbons is another thing to look at. You saw briefly it went flash to buy zone, which means that the miners capitulated and it became really attractive to buy.  wait. So it's good to see them. They were actually accumulating through this whole dip. And then as well, you saw the coins that were being sold were relatively young coins. So Glassnode has a metric called dormancy. And the way you can think of this is if a coin has been moved into a wallet and it's sitting there for one day, it has one day of coin day, right? And that's an on-chain metric term. And so let's say a coin is in a wallet for 10 days and then the coin is sold.  So my read of the situation is that even though there was kind of this washout of the leverage, a lot of the data that you're looking at, a lot of the data points you're talking about suggest that the bull thesis is still very much intact or the bull market is still intact. Is that your read as well? Yeah, absolutely. When you look at some of the long-term indicators, you see that the bull market is still very well, very far from being overheated and none of the major indicators, the macro indicators,  is I think what makes people so excited about Bitcoin. We've seen about a 14, 15% upward move in price. And it was so violent that it just wrecked a bunch of shorts. I think at one point last night, you tweeted saying that there was over $88 million worth of shorts in just a one or two hour span, right? That we're all liquidated. So talk a little bit about kind of the shorts. Are they using leverage and then liquidations as the price moves back up  the  Yeah, and what I'm looking at right now is the Bitcoin price as of this recording is about $53,800. It's up about 8% in the last 24 hours. We're seeing a Bitcoin market cap of a trillion dollars. And what to me is fascinating is you still have over a million active addresses. The mining reward is still $48.8 million in 24 hour period. GBTC is down 11% on that discount.  So one thing I'm seeing is I keep a close eye on stablecoin flows. So basically you can track the stablecoins that are flowing onto different exchanges. And this morning we did see a huge batch of it was over $400 million of tether, which was moved on to exchanges, which is an indication of someone moving stablecoins onto an exchange to buy. And we've seen price go up throughout the day. And so we haven't seen that many short liquidations, which is kind of an indication that the rally throughout the  a strong validation from the market of Bitcoin as a macro asset, right? For sure. As we move forward in the coming weeks, what are some of the data points that you're going to be looking at or things that you want to see from a milestone basis? Sure. I think one thing to look at is the funding rates. I know we touched on this a few times, but that can really be a good judge of the sentiment of different market participants. In addition, just keeping a close eye, one thing I'm looking at is the entity net growth.  of adoption, we're seeing this huge parabolic increase in entity growth on chain, which we've seen each cycle, we have this huge spike in that, which is really good for the growth of the network and the adoption of the network. And we're kind of in that phase. And so that's also indicative of retail coming on the network as well, which means we're probably somewhere midway through the cycle. We see retail coming in usually about midway. But yeah, I mean, just keeping it close  dip below one, that means that the market is taking losses in aggregate. If it's at one, it means the market is neutral. Above one means that people are in profit in aggregate. But when we go under that one threshold, that means that the market's in the loss. And so we did see, we saw SOPR go below one back in January, which was one of the largest corrections of this cycle so far. And then for the second time, we saw that happen two days ago. And then we saw a  of psychology that comes into play. You know, the FOMO kicks in. A lot of the people that were betting on the price going down to 40K, you know, we see this huge spike up today and they're like, uh-oh, maybe I'm wrong. The market's telling me I'm wrong. I better get in before we go up to 60K and the sentiment can change on the dime. And so I think that's what we'll probably see over the next couple of days. I'll be keeping a close eye on these short liquidations for sure. That is a fantastic view of the world. And I tend to think that you frame it best,  Absolutely.  much less of a stressful situation as well. So Will, thank you so much for taking the time to do this and people will be hearing much more from you over time, whether it's in the newsletter or future podcast episodes. And where can we send them to follow you on Twitter? Yeah, sure. So I'm on Twitter at W Clemente. I, I, I, because I am the third in my family. And then as well, I'm putting out a newsletter for you on every Friday, which is kind of an on-chain update. I highly suggest checking those out because  water cycle and the behavior of different kind of entities. So that's what that on-chain update is on every Friday and that'll be posted on Palm's Twitter. Awesome, man. Well, listen, thank you so much for doing this and we'll do it again in the future. Absolutely. Thanks for having me on, Palm.