 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  any centralized entity to be able to conduct. But yet we require a centralized entity to conduct ourselves from Bitcoin to Ethereum or Ethereum to Bitcoin Cash or whatever it might be. We go through some centralized entity with the Binance or Crackend or Coinbase or whatever. But much better, I think, from almost every perspective, if we can move through one chain to another chain without being censored, without being KYC, without asking for permission. In fact, when you want to  you're selling Bitcoin to go to a stable coin and then you're buying Ethereum as an example. Let's start with the centralized entity. What are the big problems there as to why people should not want to or should be looking for decentralized solutions?  mention the exchange have been hacked more than one time, let's say. It's just it's been a calamity almost from the beginning, starting from Mt. Gox, and we're still reliant on these systems. And I don't think anybody just like loves them in a sense. Everybody's like we use them because it's the thing we have to use now. But like, I think we all looking for something that's more instantaneous, that's more readily available, that's, you can just use it right out of your wallet if you want to use it. It's just that simple. Yeah. And so then when you think about the unit of account, right, that idea that you've got to go from  you that you're kind of holding on to because you want to hold on to their IOU for whatever reason. And then you go through a process and then there you are just swapped from that to this to this, paying fees along the way. And then at some point in the future, requesting your Ethereum out, whatever that might be. This is not a system that makes sense in the greater scheme of like how crypto works or how crypto was born out of. It's like, I want 100% accountability. I want to be able to 100% verify that everything is legitimate, everything's like real. And that's true with  about what chain or asset you're talking about, it's just going to treat everybody like then feel the same. For sure. When somebody asks you what is Thor chain, how do you describe it? Well, the most like simple and succinct way of describing Thor chain is it's like a like a cross chain as well. Right. That's like the simplest way to put it. That's kind of oversimplification in many respects. In a larger sense, I see it as the highways between blockchains, right? Because every blockchain today is a completely separated island onto itself and has very little relationship  So one, you don't have to use a centralized entity in terms of those exchanges we talked about. But also two is I don't have to sell an asset into that common unit of account. I can literally do an asset swap between these various blockchains. And so how does that technically work? Like what are you guys doing under the hood to make this possible? Yeah, sure. So effectively the Thorchain network has a whole host of different like Bitcoin wallets that it kind of manages if you want to call it that.  Bitcoin to us. And he sent an opp return or like a memo with an intention of like, I want to swap Bitcoin for Ethereum or for USDT or for whatever else. And so they all kind of make that the consensus that that transaction actually occurred. And then the network says, OK, PopTentis won one Bitcoin. He wants to get some Ethereum out. We do a calculation of how much Ethereum that would be on the continuous liquidity pools of the network. And then it sends out that Ethereum to whatever  on that for that matter. But it's very quickly grew much beyond that. So there's actually like well over a dozen different teams building different aspects of the ecosystem. In fact, like more of the treasury that the team has is being spent to fund like other projects and other groups of people to build block explorers and to build dashboards and UIs and, you know, data science and analytics about this, that and the other thing, whatever it might be. So the vast majority of acts of  players in the space.  And so you can actually like put in a bunch of Bitcoin and then come back later and have more Bitcoin than you had before. And that's just not just Bitcoin. That can be Ethereum. That can be Litecoin. That can be Tether, Ripple. I mean, whatever it is, you're kind of cup of tea, it doesn't really matter. And that's a first in this industry. And what is the average yield right now across those assets? Are we talking about like 1% or 2% or are we talking about like 50%? It's certainly closer to the 50%. You can look at the data. It's freely available. Anybody can check it and verify it.  higher yield. And then the idea would be that's an incentive for more and more people to join that pool, provide more liquidity, and therefore that return that gets commoditized down over time.  as kind of the market leader, let's say for decentralized exchanges. Do you view them as just kind of another player in the crypto ecosystem? Do you view them as, you know, quote unquote, competition? Are people making a direct choice between, do I go and actually trade this asset on Uniswap versus use Thorchain? Just how do you see the relationship there? Yeah, that's a good question. So we're all fans of Uniswap. They really use some really great stuff over there for sure. I don't see them as direct competition per se. For one,  So they can have as many assets as they want on that smart contract and it scales just fine. Whereas Thorchain has more and more cost for every asset that you add with the signed transactions and all these things that just kind of increase the amount of load on the network from that. So you're not going to see a bazillion assets on Thorchain, but even with the five chains that are currently supported now, it's already supporting like, you know, 92% of the entire, you know, cryptocurrency, you know, industry.  assets, no wrapped in the stuff, like legitimately layer one Bitcoin.  because the technology wasn't there at the time and they got pressure from regulators to start doing KYC and all these things, we know the story. And so when 4 Chain came around and effectively was kind of fulfilling the original vision of ShapeShift, they saw that and they were like, oh, this is something we have to get on board with. And so now they have the ability to be able to swap between chains without requiring KYC at all. And if they wanted to, they're not doing this yet, but they might do it the future. They can actually have 4 Chain charge a fee  essentially bringing you customers to do customer acquisition. They're bringing you liquidity. And so it's a really fascinating model and ultimately goes back to this thesis of like open systems are going to beat the closed systems, right? Yeah, absolutely. Naturally, you guys have built this open system that anyone can plug into. Yeah, it's an open protocol, right? No one controls the gates. It's they're wide open for anybody who wants to use them. ShapeShift wants to integrate with them, more power to them. If Trust Wallet or Exodus or CoinDesk,  just talk a little bit about what that means for somebody to participate as a node and then how that entire system works. Yeah, yeah. So in order to participate the node, you have a there's a capitalistic kind of race, so to speak to who gets added into the system. So you can walk up and say, hey, I'm ready to become a node. And then never will say, OK, we see you there. But every time it churns, which happens every three days or so, the network will say, all right, who are the most valuable people to churn in relative to the high  And so the network is designed that every three days it churns and some people get kicked out and some people get pulled in. And that's to ensure that everybody gets kicked out at some point in time. There's a continuous churn happening and there's nobody that stays in there forever. And over time, every time the network churns, all the funds need to be migrated because every time the network churns, new threshold signature vaults are created and the old ones are being retired. So all the Bitcoin and all the Binance  moving every coin, every satoshi, every, every asset across to a new vault, every three days, just to prove that it has access to every single asset that it holds. I love it. You mentioned rune, which is the token within the Thor chain system. Describe why you need that. Yeah. You actually require rune. Like it's kind of, it's counterintuitive to some degree, but I'll explain why. Like if you would use something that wasn't rune, like let's say use Bitcoin as the base asset of the network.  the validators are running with. And then the pools have about $30 million of assets. And say we're doing Bitcoin first. So it's like $75 million of Bitcoin and then $25 million, sorry, $15 million of Bitcoin and $15 million of other various assets. Because every pool is composite Bitcoin and something else in this scenario. So if I were to get enough Bitcoin to a saddle attack the network and get like a super majority, so I bought $50 million with Bitcoin to attack the side of  But if it was ruined, it's very different. It's actually a very different behavior. So if it's $75 million to the room and then $15 million to the room here and then $15 million to Bitcoin, Ethereum and various other assets, and say I spent $50 million a room to Cybaltic the network. So in the end, I have this $25 million room here, the $15 million room, that's about $90 million. And then I have $15 million in various assets. But that $90 million I spent that I have a room is worth nothing because the value of rooms is derived from the value of the network. And the network's hacked.  assets with another asset like Bitcoin. Bitcoin is amazing. You cannot use it for this application purpose. You have to have a token that's value solely derived from the value of the network itself. Do token holders get a percentage of those transaction fees in the liquidity pool as well? Or does all of those transaction fees go into the liquidity pool and for whoever's participating? That's actually a really great question. So anytime the system makes income,  OK, if it's even what it's supposed to be, which is two-thirds on the node side and one-third on the pool side, they'll get a 50-50 split between the two of them. But if the bond gets too high and it gets overbonded, then the bonders make less money and more money goes to the liquidity providers on this side. So that incentivizes people to pump more money on this side or take money on this side and move it to this side to go back to that kind of equilateral pendulum swing of the middle to ensure  Instead of just being dead capital is sitting in a wallet, not really doing much for you, why not make it work for you and actually generate a yield from that? If you want to do that, have at it, go nuts. If you don't, hold in your wallet, that's fine too, up to you. Yeah. What's been the biggest surprise for you working on this? Oh, the biggest surprise. It just felt like this thing blew up so fast, so quick. When I first started working on the project in mid 2019,  and then grow into this gargantuan thing that actually launched and actually supports cross-chain swaps in a way that's permissionless and that censorship resistant is absolutely remarkable. I could not have, you know, I can't get over it. I love it. What's the impact on decentralized finance, regardless of where it happens, Bitcoin, Ethereum, whatever, when you have this kind of cross-chain swap, does that just provide a foundation for  which is great. But once you have something like a Thor chain that's written on top of the Cosmos network, you have a much more powerful and much more flexible system that you can build and construct. You literally cannot build Thor chain on top of the Ethereum system. It is like fundamentally just won't even come out the door, right? Why not? And so, well, because you need value, the security of your own network to secure external assets. You can't rely on Ethereum security to secure  economically feasible on Ethereum. You have to do it on your own kind of native sovereign chain, which is what blockchain is. I think that Ethereum will still have a place in the future, but any DeFi application that wants to be worth its salt will have to support the entirety of the crypto sphere, not just the Ethereum people or these people over here, but just say you can walk up with your Bitcoin, with your this, with your that, or whatever, and you get treated with the same exact access as anybody else.  three questions that ask everyone that you get to ask me one to finish up. First is what is the most important book that you've ever read? Most important book I read is a boring thing, is a coding book. I'm not going to say it because that's going to be too boring for people. I think one more fun answer is Neil Graz Tyson wrote a book called Astrophysics for People in Hurry. It's a great book. It really gives you a great understanding of astrophysics if you're on top of like I am.  I'm sure my sleep is gonna be even worse in the coming few months after my baby girl gets here. That's gonna be a venture onto its own for sure. Those are two acceptable answers as to why to not get some sleep. Last question for you, then you get to ask me one is aliens. Are you a believer or non-believer? Oh, well, definitely a believer for sure. I mean, if you think about it, like what are the most  prize of the same things of the most plentiful resource on the entire universe. So it makes no sense if we were the only ones, right? Even carbon, we are carbon-based because you can make more molecules of carbon than you can with every other element combined. It's an extraordinarily powerful molecule, which is why we're made of it. And it's also five times more common than another element like silicon, which is conceptually some sense of similarity to it. So are we around?  in the universe and there are grains of sand on the entire planet Earth. So it has to be so rare that you have to win the lottery every day for a few years sequentially. That's how rare it would be that we survived and we are the ones that exist and nobody else exists in the entire universe. I have a hard time believing that. It makes much more logical sense that the most abundant resource created more of us, more like carbon-based life forms than this infinitesimally small thing  feel? Is this a good thing for the space? Is it a bad thing in space? Are we heading in the right direction and the wrong direction? Like, how do you feel about that? I don't think the world's binary. So I don't think that it's all good or all bad. I actually think the truth somewhere in between. When you think about the good sides of it, there's definitely, you know, like kind of the hardcore Bitcoin argument would be like, oh, it's the immune system, right? It's the people who don't take anyone else's shit and they kind of, you know, really adhere to truth and kind of keep people focused and all of that. So there's definitely truth.  to it and also people who are more centrist, right? It's basically just like politics, right? You can have multiple political parties and then you'll have the extremists in every political party and then you'll have people who are more centrist in those political parties. And so I think that just we all have to realize that like in many cases, we all actually have the same goal or the same finish line in mind. It's simply that the path to get there, sometimes there's disagreement and sometimes it's actually just people want to work on different things, they're interested in different things and that's all okay. Yeah. No, that's a great answer.  There's some great explainers on rebase as well if you want to get to the nitty gritty of it all. It is a very complicated system. It does take a while to learn. It takes a while to learn Bitcoin in its true form at least. So I encourage people to look and to read, to understand. The more you read about it, the more you realize that something really significantly happening here. Yeah. Awesome, man. Well, listen, thank you so much for taking the time to do this. It's very cool to see people adopting something that you guys have built, so we'll have to do it again in the future. Yeah, thanks for having me, Bob. Appreciate it.