 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  2018. And, you know, USDC was sort of envisioned to be what I like to call like a protocol layer for money on the internet. And when I think about money, obviously, there's like crypto money, like Bitcoin and Ether. And then you have sort of quote unquote, traditional money, which is essentially like liabilities of a central bank. So how can we take like liabilities of a central bank, represent those as a digital currency, and then let them transact in the same way that you can transact other crypto  are a sort of a digital currency dollar, it needs to have the assurances of being issued by a regulated financial institution, have the sort of compliance and security and audit and all the things that kind of go along with that so that people understand that for every dollar that is issued in a digital token, that those are reserved and that there's oversight of that. There's global accounting firms, there's examiners, regulators, there's banks that are regulated that look at and manage those  partner in this. And so you can also go to Coinbase and create and redeem USDC as well. So that's what USDC is. It's grown enormously. Like a year ago, it was like $500 million in circulation. Today, there's $13.2 billion in circulation. So growing at a pretty amazing rate and thousands of companies kind of supporting and implementing it today. Where's all the growth coming from? Why has it grown so quickly?  And we saw demand globally. So we saw demand for these dollar digital currency units from Latin America, Africa, Asia, other places. So just in general, that started to grow. As digital asset markets themselves have grown, USDC has become synonymous with being the dollar market infrastructure, a trusted liquid redeemable dollar market infrastructure for that space. And so just in line with the growth in digital asset markets. And then really notably,  we've grown with that. And then the last piece is basically, as the SDC grows in circulation and more and more individuals or businesses hold it, they're basically seeing that it has really incredible utility value. You can settle a transaction in minutes with settlement finality. A lot of the same assurances that you get from a Bitcoin transaction, you get with a dollar transaction and people who understand the power of cryptocurrency are like, this is just a better way to settle transactions. And so we're seeing just a lot of growth  the work you guys do have to support it, but also how you make money. Yeah, so I mean, Circle has a few different revenue streams, basically. So obviously we operate the USDC market infrastructure and we basically provide that almost like a public utility. And so like a business, an institution can enroll in a Circle account. We only service businesses directly and can at no cost basically create an account.  So basically providing all the APIs that a company would need to connect the existing bank networks like bank transfers, wire transfers, credit cards, debit cards, and wire that right into USDC settlement. The infrastructure for wallets and custody and storage for people who want to use that within their own treasury operation, whether it's a B2B or B2C product. And that kind of collection of platform services is a very big revenue driver for the company.  of your guys' ends. So a lot of people know that there's other stablecoins where they basically take the reserves and they generate yield or revenue from it. There's a whole bunch of speculation around just how much risk is taken there versus some of the stablecoins versus others. Like, how do you think about generating that yield? Are there specific things that you guys do, both from a risk mitigation standpoint and also revenue generation view? Well, so I kind of break it into two pieces. The first is, you know,  to do with if you are, in fact, say a reserve bank that is providing reserve capacity to a private stablecoin issue or, again, the fundamental examination requirements of that. It's pretty tightly bounded. We obviously have large global accounting firms attesting to the fact that we're meeting all of our obligations there as well. It's pretty narrow. We can't go out and take risks, basically.  and lenders of USDC are really, really meaningful. And that's where we have a product, our high yield digital dollar accounts for businesses that's imminently going to become available and will allow a corporation, their own working capital, their own treasury to kind of allocate into USDC yield, which is really providing a very simple, regulated, secured environment to access that kind of market. Explain a little bit more in those markets, whether they're kind of the  have because they believe that that's a good strategy. So that's one. And that exists at the retail and institutional level, obviously, around the market. You also have a phenomenon of, I think in general, and this has proven to be a pretty sound strategy over the past 10 years, but a lot of folks that are in the digital asset space are fundamentally, if not entirely, structured  It's evolving. Again, this gets into like USDC is becoming more of a payment and settlement medium. People want to utilize it as a working capital medium. For example, you're seeing more like venture debt type models where basically people are underwriting working capital needs of say a crypto mining firm that needs to do capex build out and they want to borrow in USDC because that's the transactional medium of the crypto economy in some of these cases.  as we know it. Yeah. How big can this get? Right. So you've gone from about $500 million to $13.2 billion. Is this a $100 billion opportunity? Is it a trillion dollar opportunity? How big do you think you can get? We think it's far larger than a trillion dollar opportunity. And our view is really that today, in some ways, the total addressable market for something like a USDC is, in our view,  And so we certainly think it has the ability to get into the trillions. If you look at dollar money markets today, I think they're about 5 trillion. So I think there's a lot of ways to look at that. And this is like digitization of music. How big was the market for digital music back when everyone had CDs or streaming television or long tail e-commerce markets like Amazon or eBay. All of these, I think are very, very large.  call ACH money, or do you think that they're more market expanding? And kind of the core layer for those that are listening is essentially Uber, you could have said, hey, they're gonna disrupt taxis, or you could have said, no, they're actually gonna expand the market. And what's gonna happen is a lot of people aren't gonna own cars, so they're just gonna Uber everywhere. And so how do you view that with these digital currencies versus ACH? Yeah, so I think the way I look at it is twofold. I think one is in terms of like the actual like money supply,  right, that the net world output of software created was going to grow exponentially because it's going to be basically instantly, it's going to be cheap to basically create, to distribute software through browsers. Or when email came out, like the net world output of text-based communications exploded like enormously. And so as you've had basically open networks that allow, you know, in historical terms on the internet, data to flow instantly for free,  have that kind of speed and velocity internet, the net world output of payments will increase exponentially. So I actually do think it's market expanding in terms of the volume, just overall transaction volume in the global economy will increase as a result of digital currency. That makes sense. And I think one of the big questions that people don't understand and ask me to ask is when you think of a digital currency today, you are essentially a private company who has taken a fiat currency and you're digitizing it, right?  bank, treasury, et cetera, to just adopt USDC? How do you see that playing out as they further explore this idea? Yeah. Lots of things to talk about there. Just maybe to answer your last question first, we absolutely see opportunities to partner with national governments around the world. We believe that open source, open internet, technical innovation, public chain innovation, all of  So when you think about electronic wire money, which is the first form of electronic money, that's issued by commercial banks. Central banks sort of approve this as an electronic medium, but it's run by a consortium of private companies. It's run by a consortium of private companies in an organization called SWIFT. SWIFT is hundreds or thousands of private sector firms collaborating on technical standards and interoperability. You take the most popular form of electronic money that we have  So the world today is consortiums of open standards or of standards, at least interoperability standards in private-issue models. That's worked pretty well for most of the world. Now, even in China, where there's obviously a lot of attention on the digital YAN, I think if you really look closely, there's two things going on. One is China leapfrogged the entire world in private-issue models.  China is a little bit unique in that the government is largely run by engineers and they build stuff. They build a lot of things. That's not really the model in most of the Western capitalist and many other markets in the world where it really is technology innovation, entrepreneurial innovation, private sector actors, free market, open competitive environments. That's what has allowed innovation to thrive in the capitalist world, or at least  with Visa, a few banks, is that essentially what you're trying to do is build these consortiums so that you can create a lot of the buy-in around those standards and that's kind of the viewpoint and direction you're headed or should we think about those partnerships in a different way? Well, so our partnership with Visa is a specific commercial partnership aimed at driving adoption of USDC in a number of ways that are kind of compatible with the existing Visa network and their network.  they can build a digital wallet or they're in exchange in Korea or they're somewhere in the world, they can just connect to the protocol on a public blockchain and it just works. And so I think one is just continuing to foster that open ecosystem. But yes, I think ultimately you'll see more partnerships with established payments companies, established financial institutions, banks, others that are going to play an active role in the development of this ecosystem. Got it. Let's talk a little bit more about the Treasury product that you  and also for the companies that use that product. Absolutely. I mean, look, like stepping back, the way that we think about this is that we're going to go through a period where if you're a corporation and you're a corporation that operates on the internet in some way, if you're like an internet native company, which almost every company is becoming in some way, like these sort of internet leaning corporations, you're going to want to leverage this new financial emphasis.  tens of thousands of businesses are going to want to have corporate treasury accounts with digital currency financial institutions that make it easy for them to use this both as a transactional infrastructure and as a treasury infrastructure. And so we think that's a really significant, very large opportunity. And eventually millions of businesses are gonna wanna have accounts and have access to this all around the world. And so to us, it represents  digital asset markets have created an opportunity for high yield environments. And so yes, there's an opportunity to just see people who want to allocate some of that static unused working capital into whether it be Bitcoin or dollarized markets as well. We think that there'll be continued growth in that in the next year or two. I tend to agree. How much of this also empowers something I'm really interested in, which is streaming payments, this idea of lower cost, lower friction,  I think a huge part of the motivation for this, this goes back eight years to when we founded Circle, was this idea of programmable money. And it captured a lot of people's imagination. And the idea that, you know, a dollar could be like a native data type on the internet, like a JPEG or a music file, and then you could program it, and then you could write code around it. We're in these super early innings of that innovation, right? DeFi protocols themselves are an example of saying, hey, I've got a programmable  money in this way, I think we're going to see innovations in all forms of kind of commerce relationships, labor relationships, trade finance models, invoicing models, escrow models, like so many dimensions of both, you know, individual to business and business to business type of interactions getting mediated by, you know, public chain infrastructure. Streaming payments is a great example of that. And it's kind of like the example earlier you touched on with like an Uber where, you know, when you have  none of us can predict the breakthrough applications that are going to be created in this incentivized social media networks. We're seeing this with NFTs and you're seeing with the social currency model. If you have super efficient micro payment infrastructure and something like USDC, which you can do now on next gen chains like salon, Algorand and stuff like that, you actually can start to build breakthrough business models. So I'm excited. I think that we're going to see so much there.  is, hey, if I know where we're at point A, then point B is kind of the next thing to think about. It's very hard to kind of see from point A to what's the 26th point away, right? Exactly. So I think that I think you're actually correct there. What's next for Circle? As you kind of continued to build the business, obviously, there's a hope there's continued kind of adoption and demand for USDC. But what else are you excited about? What else are you working on? Or what do you want people to know about? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, there are a lot of things.  from dial up to broadband, sort of, you know, first and second generation blockchains, and then, you know, sort of third generation blockchains sort of take you there. And so that's a really big focus because that's coming, whether it be through NFT apps, global payment companies implementing this, you know, innovations in social commerce, like all these things are gonna bring a different scale of user base onto this. And so we need to make sure that it can support that. The second is, you know, we're really trying to build  or crypto markets companies, but also more and more mainstream commerce firms getting into this. That's a really big focus. And we also continue to be super, super excited about what we're doing with Seed Invest, which is extremely fast growing. And we're helping startups all over the place raise capital directly on the internet, larger and larger deals. The crowdfunding exemptions have expanded considerably. And so we have companies doing $20 million raises, $30 million raises, as well as  surface area of stuff that we're working on. I know every firm in the crypto space is just like, oh my God, we're growing, we're growing. There's all this stuff. And just staying in front of that velocity and coverage area, it's really hard. We're adding hundreds of new employees to Circle this year and just doing that is really, really hard. I think, I wouldn't say it keeps me up at night, certainly, because I generally sleep really well every night, and I know you do too.  decisions get made. You're going to see people make rash decisions. And so I think we really believe that, you know, this, you know, open financial system, this crypto native economic infrastructure, you know, building this, this vision, this world is truly better for the world. It truly delivers more, you know, opportunities for individuals and businesses everywhere. But, you know, there's going to be this tug and pull, right? There's going to be this tug and pull of, of people  as Chief Strategy Officer and Head of Global Policy. And he's really spent the last couple of years meeting with major government officials all around the world around these digital currency issues. And so we're investing pretty aggressively in policy issues because we know that as this grows, as this becomes more mainstream and it rolls out around the world, we need to be there, you know, helping make sure that, you know, ultimately we're on the right side of history. So last question for you. Are you still having fun?  A lot of the ideas that we had, I was looking at my Series A deck the other day just for kind of reminiscing. It's like all these ideas that we had, they're happening now. Like this is actually happening. Like this, so many of these things are actually happening. And I knew that these were gonna be these five to 10 to 20 year cycles to do this, but I really feel like right now so many of the things that got so many people involved in this industry in the first place are really being realized. And so it's super exciting. It's really, really exciting and really rewarding.  about Circle. Awesome. Well, listen, thank you so much for doing this, Jeremy. We'll do it again in the future. Awesome. Thanks, Pom.