 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  What has happened? Just give us like a state of the union of the NFT market from your perspective. Where are we and what's happened so far? So honestly, I think, I think we're kind of in the first phase where people are like really realizing the potential. And from us, from our perspective, it's been completely insane. The stat out I always like to give about this is November, 2020 last year, we just, we had a million dollars in monthly volume for the first time. And we were thrilled because that was already 20 X what we had done five, six months ago. And we were happy.  going to happen this like quickly or suddenly. But I guess that's just like that always happens with new technology. So. Absolutely. So when you start to think about kind of the NFT market, you have a key piece of infrastructure, right? A nifty gateway. There's a bunch more infrastructure that's popped up. How do you think about how you guys are differentiated from everybody else? Honestly, you know, from the beginning, our perspective was always we're going to make NFTs as easy to access as possible.  basically said, like, you know, crypto is going to be huge, but, you know, regular people need an easy way to access it. So honestly, that's always been our drive and our motivation, making NFTs built on Ethereum, a truly decentralized network, making those as simple to access as possible. And I really think that that's been like, that's been enormous in our success so far, because, you know, most of the people that we talk to, most of the people that are collecting NFTs on Nifty Gateway, you know,  buy NFTs with a credit card. And that was back in 2019 that we launched that and we worked with CryptoKitties and Axi Infinity. From there, we decided we had to take it a step further, which meant we had to build a system where you could sign up and get started collecting NFTs without ever onboarding into cryptocurrency, without signing up for an external wallet, just signing up with an email address and password. And so that's really what we've reached now. That's what I think is so important to Nifty Gateway's success,  Yeah. And then one of the other things that you've done is you've got this curation approach, right? So you want to make it easy to access, but then you've also taken a very heavy curation. Some people would argue, right? It's like a critic would say, oh, that goes against everything in the open ethos of crypto, right? Kind of just build the platform, let whoever wants to transact there. But I know that this has been really crucial to your success. And so how do you think about curation? Why did you choose to do that? And then what's kind of been the benefit of it? Yeah.  Yeah, that seems like the easiest. And that's the approach everyone was taking in the NFT space. What we thought about was, okay, if you look in the art and collectibles world, you kind of don't see that. Like people are almost explicitly not a platform. And instead it's much more of like, okay, we're gonna go out and select the best artwork. We have a ton of knowledge in the space. So we're gonna curate artists who we think are promising. And then because we curated them, their reputations will grow. Like we're basically, basically what art galleries do  the health of their market and really like be a true partner to them. That was always our vision that we wanted to be a true partner to the artists that we partnered with. And then I think that that has also been really, really important. You know, Nifty Gateway, the artists on Nifty Gateway are the highest earning on average out of all the other, all the NFT platforms because we, you know, we spend so much effort partnering with them and really trying to help them grow their careers and help them monitor the health of their market.  but it's also brought a very different type of artists to the table as well. You know, a lot of the digital artists who have been on multiple platforms, they have different styles, they have different approaches, but they fall under what I would call a digital artist bucket, right? Whether it's just artists who are becoming digital artists or the digital artists. It seems like you guys have really found a niche, not only with the digital artists, but also with people who kind of come out from outside of that world. And so was that a intended strategy or did that just kind of naturally happen?  artists does their second or third release, you really start to see people who are fans of their physical artwork getting into their NFTs. And honestly, we've seen some go the other direction where people who are collecting NFTs on Nifty Gateway start buying the physical artwork of Nifty Gateway artists, artists that they found through Nifty Gateway. So it's really a pretty powerful effect. And I think it was a really important step in NFTs evolving and becoming a more well-known and mainstream phenomenon,  of it, right? Uh, people, same thing, uh, has not made millions and millions of dollars. But, uh, I think outside of some of those big stories, there's also seemed to be a pretty positive impact on every artist who starts to do this. And so what are either some of your favorite stories or just some of your takeaways as you've seen artists enter in and have an impact on their careers? Yeah, honestly, I mean, I think the Foushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushoushous  my dad had a stroke last year and then need to move down south to be in a sunnier climate. You guys just bought them a house. Thank you so much, Nifty Gateway family. That was a really powerful, to see Nifty Gateway changing an artist's life like that and helping him support his dad who was sick, that was pretty amazing. I think honestly, yeah, it's really my favorite part of the job and most Nifty Gateway employees, I think it's their favorite part of the job too,  it can sort of generate unhealthy dynamics when things grow too quickly. And you can sort of get away from the things that made things work well in the first place. So what I try and emphasize to artists is that your secondary market sales are probably the most important thing for you. And you really should think about your career on a long-term basis. As an artist, you should really be thinking about this on like a five-year, 10-year basis and trying to design your jobs to reflect that.  come in, make sure you're thinking about this as a long-term project. Make sure you're thinking about NFTs for five years, 10 years. Not just when it comes, the work itself is obviously incredibly important, but there's a lot of strategy to the release structure as well. And yeah, the long-term is far more important than the short-term. I think that's the most important thing for any artist to remember, especially an artist just getting started. For sure. And you have multiple ways that somebody can sell. So you can do kind of a one-of-one auction, you can do a  very few, only a very small number of people can afford one of ones. So, you know, they tend to be much higher in price, which means like your collector base is limited. And honestly, I think one of the coolest parts about NFTs is they're sort of democratizing art. Like fine art is very inaccessible for most people. NFTs are way more accessible. So one of ones are are awesome, but you know, you do have to be really rich to afford them. Then the other the other thing that artists can do is limited edition sizes. So editions, they can pick  sort of the high limit, but we have had some people who fixed their addition sizes at 500. And then you can either release it as an auction where people place bids on it, or you can just do a drawing where you say, I'm going to sell these for $10 each. And then it's random who gets selected to buy the pieces. And then, yeah, the third main type is the open edition. The open edition is where you set a price and you say, anyone can come buy this piece for a period of time, maybe five minutes, maybe 10 minutes. And then the edition size is determined by how many are sold.  work and maybe they're just speculating on it. Maybe they don't really want to own it. So they sell it for a loss a week later and that makes you look bad as an artist. So I think open editions are, they can also be one of the scariest release formats to do because you're basically, you're letting anyone do whatever you want with, with your artwork, at least with an auction, you know, the person buying it is the person who wants to own it the most. So their intentions are probably pure, but yeah, those are, those are basically like the main release formats that we do. For sure. And so what are people doing with the  They tend to look at NFT collectors as a monolith and they tend to say, oh, this is all just speculation. Or this is just everybody doing everything. Different collectors have different intents. People buy NFTs for a lot of different reasons. And this is what I always try and emphasize to people. There's not just one reason that people buy NFTs. It's the same way with physical art. There's really a lot of different reasons that people buy NFTs. Personally, my favorite thing to do with them is display the  show off physical art. I honestly think that everybody exists on sort of an investor collector spectrum in the NFT world, which is exactly what you see in the fine art world as well, where some people are doing it mostly to collect, some people are doing it mostly to invest. And then there's like, there's really just like a mix of in between. But I don't think almost everyone who's buying NFTs like has some sort of emotional attachment to them. And the crazy part is even the people who  way to show it off. So yeah, I really do think that people tend to view NFT collectors as the monolith, but the NFT collectors are like a large group of people who really do it for a variety of different reasons. Some of them like to collect, some of them do like are more into speculation and do just view it as sort of like an asset to be flipped. But really, there's like a wide variety. So when you start thinking about where we've gotten to in this market, you saw this  A lot of people don't realize this, but there was an NFT winter before, and that's really when I got into it. The first NFT project that really got major traction or major attention was CryptoKitties. That got written about, it was in all the major media outlets. It was all over Twitter. It was famous for crashing the network, the Ethereum network. But then immediately after that, CryptoKitties usage plummeted. There are all these CryptoKitties copycat apps that came up and most of them just folded.  like, yeah, there was this, before we saw this dynamic in NFTs where there's this huge run up in interest, there was this sort of winter long period. But now here we are a few years later, we're literally a thousand times larger than the peak was back then. That's just how these go. I mean, it's really not too dissimilar from crypto. Really, my view on this is like, what happened in the winter time was, the winter, it sounds so dramatic, but what happened in the NFT winter is that the people coming in really formed  little bit about what people do with them. I keep hearing people talking about digital museums, virtual world, kind of the metaverse, all this stuff. What are you thinking there? Have you spent any time looking at digital museums? And do you think it's interesting or not? Yeah, I mean, I've spent a little time looking at the Museum of Crypto Art, which is Insomium space. I think it's one of the most incredible NFT collections. I still have a VR headset, so I haven't been able to experience it in all of its glory. But yeah, I do think it's a really fascinating  We've got all the young people, we have all the people who are on social media. Imagine how many people would come visit an NFT museum. These artists have so many fans. We have a lot of followers. So many people are so into this that we could drive so many people to a physical museum. And honestly, I think the art that we sell is just way more exciting. And five, seven years from now, if you put us right up next to the MOMA or the MET,  displays or what do you think people should be building if they're interested in that? I tell whoever I meet that this is like a billion dollar company waiting to be started. So maybe I shouldn't share. I'll share my plans on the podcast because I'm too busy. I would never be able to start this. But yeah, I think there's like an amazing NFT display company out there waiting to be started. I actually think the way that it should be approached whenever anyone thinks about an NFT company, the first thing that they think about is hardware. They're like, okay, I need to go out and  You need a good solution. Someone who can just come in and be like, yes, we are the experts in displaying NFTs. We'll get everything set up for you. Just pay us a flat fee. I think this would be the, this is the company to start. You start like a services company that rents out the screens, charges people a monthly fee, and then make sure that the screens work 100% of the time. Make sure that the F displays are perfect and beautiful. That's how you could gain a foothold. And then from there, you would basically own all the demand. You would know everyone trying to build it.  solution so that we can sell it to our customers. Before you call anyone at Nifty Gateway, make sure you call me so that I can invest and then we'll go to Nifty Gateway and then we'll have a great solution. No problem. All right. So when you look at the last 12 months or so, what's been the most surprising thing for you through this chaos? Oh boy. Honestly, the, yeah, I would say the most surprising thing is basically like  maybe one day we could get this person launching NFTs. And now they're like blowing up our phone and being like, hey, can I launch you? And it's just, it's a really crazy experience to go through. Who's the most famous person that you've been on the phone with that you've just been like, oh my God, I cannot believe this is happening right now. And it was just surreal. So I don't want to say because their project is still a surprise, but yeah, I don't want to like,  Yeah. Well, why do you think those are interesting? Well, the, we, we basically had this phase where like three loud or blout, you know, still not sure which, which. Blau. Blau. Yeah. Blau was the one who started it all. And, and blah was a great friend. He's like a real, like, I love the guy. He's a real innovator. Um, and he really saw this. He was another person who I think like saw this whole thing happening before everyone else.  But really, I think like, again, like these musicians are artists, you know, they're not, they're celebrities, yes, but like they're artists first. And like the stuff that they're creating in the NFT space, like genuinely has a lot of artistic value, I think. So I think that this is one of the most underrated, like aspects, or like one of the most underrated NFT categories is like music NFTs. So many people are just seeing them as celebrities, but really they're artists who like know how to artistically innovate and like  like the only people coming into NFTs were just like authentically interested in the medium. But now it's become this big thing. It's all anyone talks about. Now in the community, people are anxious. They're like, we don't want celebrities coming in and doing a cash grab. We want to maintain the authenticity of the community. So that's like a new element that people, we didn't have to deal with that five or six months ago, because the only reason people were into NFTs is because they authentically found it interesting. Now people are thinking about, hey, who's an authentic creator?  Sotheby's I think is doing an auction with PAC and it just seems like more. It just finished there actually. It was odd if you gave it. Okay. And so talk to me a little bit just about like, what do you see from that traditional market? Look, I honestly think it's great that they're getting in. I think it's huge validation of the NFT space that Christie's and Sotheby's are selling NFTs. You know, it really shows that this thing is here to stay and it's not just a fad and you know,  The stuff that we do on Nifty Gateway is pretty different from the stuff that Sotheby's and Christie's do. I almost think it's so different that I don't even know if I would consider us in the same category because Nifty Gateway is all about creators connecting to their fans, artists doing all sorts of interesting releases and artists doing surprise releases and saying, hey, if you've collected three pieces of mine, I'll give you an extra award. It's a living, breathing, very dynamic experience.  a boring answer, but I'm most excited about hiring more engineers at Nifty Gateway and making the platform work extraordinarily well. The thing about the growth re-experience is it just really broke our system, which in retrospect, I think that was inevitable. I don't know if we could have managed it in a better way, because we did not expect the growth that happened. We were just not prepared for that to happen so quickly. So we really ended up in a place  We need backend engineers. Our backend is written in Python and Django. Frontend is written in React. And then specifically, we're looking for people who have experience dealing with botting and fraud issues. So, yeah, all those categories. And then we're also looking for product people as well. So if you're a product manager, you can shoot me an email at Duncan at Nifty Gateway.com or just go on our careers page and apply. And yeah, that's a, I really think that's the number one thing we need to  they built the best product. But now I think so much of it is just like, oh, they got a team that like really made something that worked exceptionally well. And it works like 100% of the time. And so people could rely on it. That's the way I think about startups now. For sure. Talking about Gemini before I let you go. Obviously, Cameron and Tyler bought Nifty Gateway. And you guys have been integrated into a lot of what what they do. One, obviously, they should get kudos for seeing a lot of this similar to how  lie to you and then like everyone and then you sign the papers and like it's all done with. So we didn't really know when we started if they would actually give us autonomy and actually like really sort of carve out the space for Nifty Gateway to operate but they completely followed through and they really like they really set up the environment perfectly for for Nifty Gateway to succeed. So I think they deserve a ton of credit. Not only that but they contributed in a lot of very specific hands-on ways. You know recruiting people to create on the platform they were huge in that  They've been fantastic partners. Well, they speak just as highly of views. So it was a marriage made to happen. And obviously, you both all being twins still is one of the craziest, freakiest things in the world. But but it works. Yeah, that's still that's still what people love to talk about. And like, we're more than just twins, you know, we're people. Well, I think what is it is not weird  different than having a brother. It's a pretty similar concept. We'll start the Twitter campaign for twins or people too and hopefully get you guys some credibility there. Awesome, man. Listen, I want you to leave everyone with your pitch to artists. I know that that's where your heart lies and the rest of the team. Just what's your pitch? If somebody's thinking about doing a drop, I should come do it on Nifty Gateway. Yeah, honestly, I think the pitch is navigating the NFT world is really  I think it's a good product, good people, and hopefully good times. So listen, man, thank you so much for doing this. I always enjoy talking to you. Hopefully we will get you guys digital museums, many, many more artists. And next time we talk and we'll be 140 million in monthly sales. It'll be a billion. So keep at it and we'll do it again. And we'll have a thousand engineers so that all billion in sales are executed flawlessly. Awesome. All right. Thanks so much for joining us.