 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video. Some more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here or you can go to blockfi.com.  So, look, I spent the last 10 years or so in public safety overall. On the public safety side, I started as an EMT paramedic, went to University of Pittsburgh, worked out there as crew chief on the fire rescue side a little bit, and then mostly on the EMS side as a paramedic there. And then had a couple things, I'm sure we'll get into it, things that happened in my life that made me decide maybe I wanna try being a police officer. And I came back to LA where I was born and raised, it became a cop out here in 2003.  doing like game currency and stuff like that. And that paid my way through college a little bit and worked on apps and public safety after that and eventually merged my love for tech and public safety with SpiderTech. Awesome. I love to see it. So let's start a little bit with kind of the story. And you've got this kind of pretty crazy story around racial profiling and before you became a police officer, and that really kind of drove a lot of the way that you see the world today. And so we just kind of tell that story and then what were some of the takeaways from it?  Chief of the other rig, basically heading to a 911 call up north where my area was driving an ambulance in uniform, et cetera. Had my EMT with me as well. She was also in uniform. We were driving up the, I think it was 47. I'm trying to remember the exact highway, but there was a, there's a vehicle, like a white SUV that wasn't a police car. It was unmarked at least. And it was driving up the shoulder to try and it got like really looked like it was angry at us and it drove up the shoulder of the highway to take a look into the cab and see who was driving.  And I'm like, yeah, this is a driving ambulance. You know, this is not an elaborate ruse. So he asked him, I feel the didn't steal the ambulance there, did you? Yeah, well, that's actually that's so just wait for this part of the story because it can crack up the the guy, you know, I gave him my paramedic ID because he almost doesn't believe me. So he goes back and checks to see if I'm a paramedic. He takes my driver's license check to see if I have any warrants. Again, I'm on duty as a paramedic driving to a call. And he comes back and kind of throws out music. I'm coming out you with a for a warrant.  Um, so, you know, I get there and the district chief says, Hey, I just did some digging. I found out the guy that pulled you over is the chief of police for Pittsburgh school police. And the guy has no jurisdiction, at least in the state of Pennsylvania, uh, to be pulling me over on the highway and on his personal car would, you know, like it's an absurd thing to do. So he calls, uh, the city and complains. And I find out like a couple of weeks later, that was the last straw for that guy. They fired, they terminated him right off the bat. Uh, I guess he's had plenty of like road rage.  I don't think anyone else had the courage to laugh at this absurd moment in court. Because I'm just like, I can't believe this guy said this. Then he explains that the FBI taught him how to racially profile. And then like the quotes in the news articles, if you Google it, he was saying that the FBI told him that terrorists are driving around the country in cloned ambulances that could be car bombs. And so he was trying to protect the city of Pittsburgh from me, basically, maybe blowing something up. And it was crazy, man.  And I remember, um, one of my, uh, one of my district chiefs actually told me, Hey, do you maybe want to try being a cop instead of a firefighter? Some other things are paramedic. There's some other things that had happened. And, uh, so I decided, fuck it. I'll put my money where my mouth is. And I came to LA and I became a cop and I immediately found out like 90% of the things that I thought were, you know, how it should happen, et cetera was, wasn't true. I was wrong about that. I was wrong about that. I was wrong about that. I was wrong about that.  What exactly is that? Great question, dude. I still don't know, but I can tell you it's not a fucking ambulance. That I can hear. You know, this is an absurd phrase. Yeah, no, it was, it was pretty creative and I don't know where he came up with it, but like, it's got the alliteration at the end. It rolls off the tongue. It's a good buzzword. He tried to be a little bit more proper and call it a cloned vehicle that disguised as an ambulance, but it was already too late. You know, the vernacular stuck in my head. Yeah, that is absurd.  where it's essentially things end up turning somewhat primal and you have to either defend yourself or defend somebody else and you have to make decisions that you never thought you'd have to make. Like that aspect of the job, I understood enough having encountered a lot of the, you know, the essentially outcomes of that violence as a paramedic. And I also understood that the field is a very dynamic scenario situation. It's you can't train for every possible circumstance. You can't, you certainly have to just trust the people you've got. You have to be able to install some discretion, put policies in place, but there's never gonna be a perfect scenario.  like why they do the little things they do, why they might approach the car with their gun out, why they might stay behind the second window, you know, why they might, why it's so important to see somebody's hands, how quickly, this is something I learned, how quickly you can go from somebody's hands that you can see them to you getting shot in the face. I mean, that's like one, one and a half seconds, the reaction time's there until you train for those circumstances. It's pretty crazy. I didn't quite understand at the time how the use of force continuum worked, you know,  to, but just a lot that I didn't understand. And the laws behind what's the difference in murder and manslaughter. Everyone just used the word murder and everyone thinks everybody should go to jail and how that process works is different too. Yeah. I always tell a story to people where I was in the military, go to Iraq, I come back pretty comfortable with weapons, other people carrying weapons. Generally that doesn't freak me out and feel like I can do what I need to do if I've put in a situation where it's necessary.  I pull over to the side of the road and again, it's dark out. So you basically see the sirens, you can see the headlights, you can't really see kind of who's approaching or whatever. And so I roll down the driver side window and I'm generally well enough educated to put my hands on steering wheel, like don't make any sudden movements, shut the car off, like all the super, super basic stuff that most people should know at this point. And all of a sudden, it just pounding on the back passenger window.  he explains, hey, look, sorry about kind of starling you guys, but recently there had been a shooting, cop had pulled over somebody on the street. They turned around, they shot at the cop, something that actually hit the cop, but all the cops were just on edge in general because that was kind of a reminder like be extra careful. And so it being at night with tinted windows, whatever, it makes sense in hindsight, but sure as hell it didn't make sense. We've got his gun drawn as flashlight basically in our eyes and he's yelling and screaming. And so it's one of those situations where you forget that like basically two strangers  probability that things go wrong. It won't completely eliminate it, but it at least takes it from, Hey, maybe there's a 3% likelihood. Can we get it to, you know, 10th of a point of likelihood that something bad's going to happen? Yeah, it's, it's, you know, it's a good point, man, because, you know, when, when we talk about what can be improved with police training, I think we have to talk about like how they're trained today. Right. Um, yeah, I went through a sheriff's academy in, in California, that's known as one of like the more intense, you know, stress academies that still exist today. Um, and you know, it was, it was  you know, but, uh, you know, pulling up behind the rear passenger door, what they call the C pillar there, uh, ensures that like they have an advantage over you. If you're going to try and pull a gun, keep approach from the passenger side instead of the driver side, which is another tactic to try and surprise people in case there's some, they're laying weight in the ambush. And it's a night, you know, if it's a night, you know, they're pointing lights at your, your rear view mirror and your, your, uh, your side mirror so that you can't see them approach and they're avoiding silhouettes. So they're doing all of this.  I'm gonna act like I'm the nicest person in the world. In my head, I'm gonna have a plan to eliminate them as a threat at every moment, every second I'm sitting there thinking, where are their hands going? And this is just the nature of the job. Now, the training isn't we should remove that from the job because that is a necessary element, the nature of violence, nature of field. You have to be cautious, you have to be thinking about these things. There are ways to, I believe, improve these outcomes, not just based off of the training that like in these individuals  that shouldn't be thrust upon the police. And because of it, they're now putting themselves in a lot of situations in which sometimes these dangerous outcomes exist. Now, the difference between what is being proposed potentially by some activists and the practical version of that, some activists feel like you don't send the cops to these calls. You don't send the cops to like, let's say a standard mental health checkup call, for example. And I'll give you an example. This video was just released like two days ago and it was a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,  to get ready to have a conversation. The guy opens the door, pulls out a gun. This all happens in about half a second, tries to shoot her in the head. She's got training. She rapidly drops to her crouching position to avoid the rounds, takes out her handgun, starts exchanging gunfire. If she's not there, or if there's no officer who has a routine mental health call, whoever showed up there would have gotten shot. The guy didn't even look. The guy just kind of opened the door and pointed the gun at whoever that was the nearest person. I personally responded to calls.  It feels like also like there's an argument between like, hey, don't send a police officer, send like, let's say a mental health expert, right? Okay, that's one kind of extreme of it. The other extreme is send the police as they are today, right? And I think that the in between in there is actually, well, what happens if we send police officers who have mental health expert training? Or if we send a police officer plus somebody who has mental health training, right? Like, yeah, not there's not gonna be such a black and white world. Like there's actually some  like defunding the police came out as a kind of a punitive strategy that kind of backed into a more logical approach. But the concept of just taking a money away from the police department doesn't solve anything. Because I'll tell you this. You're touching on training earlier, there is a lot of training we could be putting officers through, whether it's mental health, whether it's, you know, advanced tactics in terms of de escalation, whether it's more understanding of the law and how it applies for Fourth Amendment purposes. I mean, there's so much  and for the better cops and all the things that we want to do. Similarly, the compromise that you're describing where the cops are better trained on mental health, how to handle those scenarios. And we're also sending mental health professionals or homeless liaisons or addiction specialists to these calls with the cops, even saying that the cops are secondary and those specialists are primary and they only get involved if they have to. And they can even stay out of view. I mean, you can do all of those things. It just takes more money. But if you're stuck on the idea,  conversations around police reform. I think it's something that police departments have long since embraced the idea of and have implemented for years. I know Seattle PD, one of the agencies that we work with, experimented not only with actually having mental health responders respond in the field several years ago, but also by ensuring that those mental health responders were actually putting valuable mental health data for people who are constantly in contact with the police. What I mean by that is like, what are their triggers? What are their hooks?  you know, more practically speaking, you can have this all operate out of the fire department. The concept of creating a tertiary agency that is not police or fire and just does this, it could work. It's just going to take a lot longer. It's going to be more expensive. In the meantime, if your concern is that you don't want to lump these folks in with the police department themselves and you want them to make them trained by as fire department employees because health is mental health. And I think that makes perfect sense. That's a stopgap. It's faster. So taking that approach, number one, I think is going to solve for a  much more in depth, many more hours than maybe a different state in the United States. So that, you know, that causes some discrepancies, but funding is usually the issue for all of those things. And with funding, you can also go out and find better cops, because I think when I say better cops, I mean, higher quality candidates to actually apply for the jobs. I'm not saying that the cops out there today aren't doing the best with what they've got. But I constantly hear people say, well, doctors, you know, have to go through all this training or lawyers have to go through all this training. And, you know, what, you know, if you  how to be a good SWAT cop, how to know where you think the bad guy is going to pop out and teach you how to be a good detective, where do you think you need to look for clues? But in the context of what I'm describing, empathy can make you a better cop. It can help you de-escalate scenarios. It can help you use discretion in a way that essentially ends up being the best needs of the community. Now, the problem is that people who have that high level of emotional intelligence, they're very empathetic, they're naturally built to absorb the emotions of others. And this job, policing, takes that out of you.  to  trickles back into not only the mindset, but also the skillset and kind of posturing of those who end up in law enforcement positions. But then also it seems like there's a lot of equipment. I saw last year at one point the one that just kind of was like, wait a second, this looks like something that I had seen in Iraq was I think it was in Minnesota potentially, there was a video and they basically had like an MRAP, right? And so it was a- Yeah, an MRAP, yeah. A mine resistant armored vehicle going down the  of these minor resistant armored vehicles rolling down the neighborhood streets of the United States, I think just kind of blew people's minds. And so how do you see kind of the wars and the military training and the equipment and all that stuff kind of bleeding into the police force? And do you think that has any impact on any of this? Yeah, I mean, it certainly does, but we have to break it down for a second because the concept of the militarization of police, you break it down from equipment, what they have available to them  Unfortunately, that's gonna be a local law enforcement issue. Something happens in the city of LA, LAPD is gonna have to respond. The residents of the city of LA, for example, are going to need to know that if someone puts a bomb on the street, that cops are gonna be able to show up in a couple of minutes and start handling that. And police cars are not bulletproof. The Crown Victorias that we use, the Ford Explorers, they're not bulletproof. We don't have that kind of money. And bulletproof vehicles, they're cumbersome, they're not fast enough.  All these quote unquote tanks are armored vehicles that are defensively geared up. They're designed so that if they have to go into a scenario where people are shooting at them, they're bulletproof enough to be able to handle that. Active shooter scenarios, or if they have to drive to, you know, through the purpose of like, let's say EOD, explosive ordnance disposal. They have to have a vehicle that can approach a bomb. And if that bomb explodes, everybody inside that vehicle stays alive, which is what the MRAPs are designed for in the mind resistant, ambush protected vehicles. That's what it's designed for.  you know, like multi cam camouflage because that's just like, that's a, I want to feel cool type moment and separating the, I want to feel cool to actually need these tools for my job. I think is an easy win to solve for some of the optics of these vehicles and this gear and equipment traveling around. The other thing I hear constantly about is cops don't need assault rifles or anything like that. It's again, that's unfortunately in today's violent world, it's not the case. Uh, if you want a cop to be able to engage in, in, you know, accurately shoot somebody, which you absolutely  officer, the officer takes out his rifle, you know, positions himself in the, like, you know, right out of the car and is aiming at this guy's head and waits until the, you know, they're trying to deescalate, hey, drop the gun, drop the gun. But then the guy points the gun at the baby's head and the officer takes one shot, hits him the head, drops him, runs up, grabs the baby. And you can see in his video, it's incredible. He goes from taking a shot, grabbing the baby, sitting down and becoming a dad, like, hey, buddy, how are you doing? And that's, that's like the, you know, that's  or quarterback that stuff because I don't know what's going on in their heads and all we see is 15 second videos. What I'll say is if they utilize this equipment in a way that is outside of policy or ends up being unreasonable in hindsight, then those agencies, they're ultimately responsible for doing that in the first place. That ends up being a policy and training element. One of the things that I think people really underestimate is there's policies and then there's the execution of policies.  to whatever the call is, if it's, you know, deemed in any way, you know, actually dangerous in terms of the original call. And so I was, and that's kind of an interesting approach. Why would you bet? He's basically explained that in the past they hadn't done that and they see, you know, they got a ride along, you know, and there's a shootout or whatever. And I don't think anything ever happened, but just like the policy got revised of like, Hey, maybe we shouldn't be bringing the ride along folks that are unarmed to these dangerous situations. And so, you know, we're going through it and towards the end of the second day,  And so if you remember correctly, it was like a check on the home because maybe it was me at work who like their alarm had gone off or something, right? Okay, so back doors open. So hey, you know, put two and two together, maybe somebody broke into the home. So basically walks back around the house comes to me and he says, I use the radio calls and says, you know, hey, I'm going to go check this out. And he looks at me dead and squinty and he goes, you know how to use one of these and he points to the shotgun. That's kind of in the rack right behind him. And I said, I've used one before. And he says, great, if I'm not back in five minutes, press that red button.  somebody broke into a home and they see a guy with no uniform on it, immediately the cops are like, who are you? Well, hold on, I just came in the car. And so what you start to realize is every single part of the iteration of a story like that happens every single day over and over and over again. And there's complexity when there's like a ride along and there's not an officer or whatever, but you can very quickly see everyone who's kind of armchair quarterbacking some of this stuff, like what would you do in this situation? Right? And do you go in the home? Do you not go in the home? Do you wait for backup? Do you not wait for backup? Like do you go in with your gun drawn? Do you go with your gun holster? Do you use your flashlight?  The whole goal here is to try and help law enforcement agencies become customer service oriented organizations. I mean, that's like the big thing that we're trying to do. The way that we've kind of approached this, I mean, there's a few things that we fundamentally believe. Number one, if you were to ask a police chief 10 years ago, hey, what is that key performance metric that will prevent you from getting fired as long as it goes well, they would have told you, oh, it's crime rates, crime rates going up, crime rates going down. That's how I'm usually measured.  And we need as many people to make as many deposits as possible because ultimately someone's going to fucks up an up just statistically. And we have to help. We have enough in that bank account to cash that check. That's what we're trying to protect against. Now I kind of combined those two things and at the company we sat there and we thought about it. We thought, okay, listen, we believe fundamentally that interactions between employees of the police department and the community members are essentially ground zero for all improvements and declines in public perception. Everything after that is a game of golf.  And so, you know, I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really  identify where the areas for improvement are, the liabilities. They're also doing that to positively promote good performers in that sense, right? And so we took this type of automated customer service platform and we applied it starting with policing. And the way it works is if you are a, you know, if you live in one of our 50 plus cities across the United States and Canada, you call 911, the moment you hang up, you'll get a text message that says, hey, here's your 911 call number, here's what to expect. You'll get updates, hey, you know,  that you need. And then throughout the process, you know, a detective has been assigned, a case has been closed and rest has been made. And now we're starting to work with district attorneys to do the same thing for the court systems as well, to be able to provide that Amazon style customer service. Now, during this whole process, we're sending out these mobile friendly surveys to measure the interactions. Hey, how did the officer treat you when they spoke with you? How was it your experience with the dispatcher? How's your experience with the detective? And they're doing that not just again to identify, you know, where areas for improvement are, but I think this is the most important piece. They're doing that to  going to be the only performance data I might be able to gather about this officer. Once you throw in something like an NPS score or something along the lines of how many positive survey responses they've gotten and you start rewarding them and patting them on the back for that metric, they can start pulling away from trying to show you that they're a good cop by making stops and writing sites and proactive enforcement action. And they can start focusing on just being a good person when they're interacting with people because they can get rewarded for that. And that's what we're seeing within the dozens of agencies that we're launching.  them that data? Yeah, that's a great question. Look, I mean, they utilize the data in a variety of ways. You have the day-to-day operational use cases where if a good survey response comes in, I'm going to forward it directly to the officer and give them an attigirl. If it's a negative server response, I'm going to investigate it, that's the day-to-day ability to constantly every day optimize your organization and not let anything slip through the cracks. We call chiefs, that's the I was blind and now I can see moment that we give them. But the other side of this is how  either activists or or they're not activists, they're just residents and they're your frequent flyers in these community meetings. And those are the ones that typically bend the ear of the city council people the most, which is fine. That's how democracy works. But what we're doing is now empowering everybody else to be able to participate in that conversation to a certain extent. So when this particular chief who is trying to explain to council, look, we have an issue with enforcement, you know, thefts are going up, vandalism is going up, all these things are going up with increasing homelessness population. And they're saying, sorry, but we don't see it. One day he shows up with this  and understanding of what's actually happening. So it's no longer anecdotal, not just based on where the crime is, but how people are feeling. Because neighborhoods, some neighborhoods might feel like they're under policed and some neighborhoods might feel like they're over policed. You can't put a one size fits all there. But if you're asking these neighborhoods, what do you think the problems are? What do you want from us? You can actually start making actionable decisions and allocating resources appropriately. So that's just one of the examples. Yeah, I think that's a great example. Before we get into the rapid fire questions to wrap up,  and  Don't do it to yourself.  And this one comes from our friends at Ready 8 Sleep. They've got a thermoregulated bed. It's busy, super hot, super cold. I sleep on an ice cube basically. I sleep with a little baby. My wife tells me that I'm a much more enjoyable person now that I sleep eight or nine hours and get good sleep. What's your sleep schedule? Now is that changed over the years? Yeah, man, that's a great question. And I've heard so much about 8 Sleep and so many good things about it. I really should give it a try. I will say, number one, whether you think of 8 Sleep or something else, invest in your bed.  I'll try to avoid taking naps and just try to focus all of my sleep when I can. And I'll sleep in on the weekends at least. I'll try and sleep in once and sleeping for me is a little over eight hours. But then when I get a little bit beyond that, I start feeling bad about myself, dude. Like the guy that- No, come on. Come on. Dude, no, I don't wanna go in like 10 hours. I feel like I could have spent that two hours doing something else. But I will say the minimum is an absolute requirement. And I've heard guys like Elon, like all these people that you'd expect  as far as I'm willing to go. And I like my mind is open. I try to like kind of react in terms of probabilities. And the fact that the universe is so vast, and we know so very little about it, it comes off, it would come off to me as really arrogant to say that they don't someone say that aliens probably don't exist. Like it's the likelihood is much higher than they do. The form of those aliens, I would say is like up for debate. There's a lot to be said about it.  your favorite seed investment in the last 365 days? I don't know if you went into eight sleep. So I'm gonna take that off because you already put them in there. What is your favorite one? Favorite seed, I can't pick a favorite. Okay, you know what? No, let me rephrase. Let me catch up. What is a seed investment that you regret the most in the last two years that you didn't make? Oh, that I didn't make. Yeah, you don't. I'll do one even.