 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  So where I got so excited is my previous company that I built, SecFi, which some of you will know, which raised a lot of money, $700 million in total, but in a completely centralized finance environment with all the transaction costs involved, including Swiftwires that cost me 50 bucks to make. I need to wait for Fedwire cut-out dates sometimes when we do options financing. All these inefficiencies that we see in a centralized finance market in a future where DeFi  Is this something where you're thinking, hey, an entirely new world is going to get built and it's going to basically be the challengers and it's going to be exclusive of the legacy players? Or do you see a world where those legacy players eventually are going to come in and they're going to say, hey, we have to adopt the decentralized applications and kind of play in this new world because that's where all the value is going to flow. So I think you have always two camps, right? You have the sort of crypto or D5 purist that say, you know,  decentralized technology can actually really also help centralized institutions or institutions that we have today just be more efficient, reduce their cost of operating business and therefore in the end, reduce the cost that it costs consumers to access those products. And I think we will see there, therefore, like a blend where these technologies can also help some of the products that we see today in the market. Yeah. And it's fascinating talking to you about this because you built a very successful kind of centralized financial application, right? And a product that  that sacrifice for those that don't know that are tuning in. We pioneered the concept of providing financing based on private company assets. We helped a lot of people in the early days of Uber exercise their stock options, got them to finance and to pay for the taxes, and so on and so forth. What we had to develop from a central finance point of view is we need to make sure that the shares can't go anywhere when we have to financing. We need to find a custodian solution  So I don't think it's a winner-takes-all market. I think we will, I'm also very excited to see applications that will live a little bit on the edge of centralized finance and DeFi, because sometimes you still require some kind of authority even in decentralized applications that bring some governance to the table effectively. And I think that's where we will see a lot of innovation happening for sure. Yeah. So let's talk about DeFi technologies. I'm an advisor to the company, U.S.  people still scrambling, where do I go? Which parties do I trust? There was still a lot of hacks at the time. Now a lot of these platforms have matured. But what he, in the end, then this is the genius behind what he did with Hive, he said to people, okay, look, you want to get exposure to crypto, exposure to Bitcoin, Ethereum, just buy my stock. Now we're in an environment where we've had Bitcoin, we've had Ethereum smart contracts, we had a little bit of the ICO craziness that happened. But now we have an evolution of technologies that  and also institutions to what I think is the next way for financial innovation that is happening and bringing that to the public markets. For sure. And walk through a little bit in terms of just the way that you get a company like this into the public market and then how you capitalize it. Yeah, so the way that we sort of got it into the market is we started DeFi as a private company and we found a really good public company to work with in the Canadian market. So we kind of took over that  to buy exposure to DeFi in their brokerage accounts. Just like you have a grayscale Bitcoin trust and Ethereum trust, we effectively have now developed the first Bitcoin zero, Ethereum zero coming out with some of the protocols that are on DeFi such as Aave, synthetic curve, and et cetera. And for that, of course, you need capital to sort of run that. So we did a private placement in quarter one of this year of a $10 million Canadian, and we'll expect to sort of  like if I just look at my network and stuff and how people sort of transact, you see a really big adoption happening, for example, on stablecoins, right? So you have, of course, we have USDC, we have USDT, but you also have new protocols such as Frax, which are sort of more sort of algorithmic stablecoins. And you just see now that those things are becoming more stable, the SEC came out with some really positive guidance around stablecoins. You see that people are now increasingly more just accepting that they can wire USDC to a stablecoin.  discovery and it seems to be pretty close to where it's going to open today. I think other areas where we see a lot of innovation happening is one of the key use cases is lending. So we have anywhere from Aveda curve, there's a lot of stuff happening there and it's very interesting to follow where that will go. But these are the three main areas that I'm tracking and that I'm following and I'm excited about.  innovation and also their crypto division and a lot of the things that HSBC did in that market. So she is running that business for us together with Johan Buttenstrom, which is one of the founders of CoinShares, which also went public recently. So as the wealth of knowledge on the trading side, we have another trading desk in Zug Switzerland, where most of our trading happens, some seasoned professionals from UBS and the likes and who  that for users, for our customers so that we provide them early access to this. And then we have, of course, my co-founder, Olivier Rossett-Newton, who founded high blockchain technology since one of the most traded companies in Canada, pretty much every day, one of the most liquid. So he has a lot of wealth of experience in the Canadian capital markets and also growing a public company. And that's the main team. And then we have, of course,  this idea of, hey, there's one stock somebody can buy and they can get exposure to kind of multiple businesses within this kind of sub-sector really of the crypto industry. When you talk to investors, what's kind of the pros of having that single stock to buy and then what are the risks or the downside? Yeah, I think the pros, I would really compare it to like investing in Coinbase, right? So if you're investing in Coinbase, even though of course we're not a hundred billion dollar market cap company yet, but if you could just compare it also  products that we offer and same thing goes for some, for the other products that I mentioned before. So that's really the advantage that you can take a more diversified view. And that's really good for people that don't want to, that don't fully understand maybe like what kind of exposure to buy and define. And the downside is, of course, is that you probably, if you really understand, let's say, Frax or you really understand synthetics or Aave and you could of course have superior returns by simply buying  you know, I first started talking to you guys about it, what becomes really interesting for somebody like me is like, one, I get to learn a bunch that's going on. But two is you have the direct capital exposure, but also even in a bull or bear market, you've got these operating businesses that should perform as well. And so it's a kind of a very unique structure. Let's talk a little bit about NFTs. It seems like everyone is talking about that every day right now. What are you guys doing there? What are you personally interested in? And they kind of how do you see that  actually bigger than people that people think. But there, you know, up until now, there's not really a way to, you know, reward these reward these creators, right? We've also seen the entire sort of meme wave, where there is a real, there's a real like, want of people like I want to have that meme, because that's the coolest meme. And there's this entire community, which I think people are overlooking, that that creates value. And this is not really so different if you compare it to maybe, and I mean, that not without disrespect, with disrespect for  definitely happen. I tried to be funny and tried to buy an NFT for a friend of mine and I couldn't find something under like $1,800 or something. So that was something that I caught very short. And it's something from a DeFi perspective that we're looking at as well. So we're not really in the business of trading these NFTs. I don't think that's our expertise, but we would be looking at interesting assets that we can potentially collaborate with, fund, take  around the world, any kind of learnings or takeaways for people on that kind of global perspective? Well, what I think is interesting from a global perspective is that I'm a big fan of a few Japanese artists, for example. And if I want to buy on artsy, for example, I've been looking for a really long time for specific pieces of art that I would like to buy from this artist. And they are like, they're their prints, but there's a limited edition prints.  the museum that currently holds it all the way to when Van Gogh actually painted it, for example, that needs to be there. Otherwise, your painting is not considered real or genuine in most cases. And what is interesting for the NFTs is that I can just trace what the provenance is. I can see it on the blockchain. So from a global perspective, I think it really broadens your mind in terms of buying NFT art from, for example, China or Japan, or French art that is owned by a Chinese person,  has been around for a century is because they've navigated every technology trend as it's popped up and become a threat and they figure out how to kind of do it. Are there specific things that you think in DeFi, regardless of where it's being built, that will naturally be the first entry points for some of these legacy organizations? Is it decentralized lending? Is it no, they're just gonna go trade on decentralized exchanges? Like, how do you think they kind of interface with a lot of this new technology first? Yeah, it's a very good question. And I think,  what is essentially blockchain technology to make their own internal processes either more efficient or more transparent or just savor, right? Because everything is sort of built on the blockchain. So I think where you see the sort of low hanging fruit is probably gonna be those solutions. I think if you look at really like decentralized lending, I think institutions will need some time in order to really become the major liquidity providers. I think currently it's still like high net worth, maybe family offices,  and question around like, do we need the legacy institutions, right? If the legacy institutions never come in, can this be successful and can it kind of stay down its own without any of their support or participation? Yeah, I think again, it's like, you know, where's sort of the real future and what's sort of the middle, you know, where are we today? And I think, you know, DeFi went, of course, from about 500 million two years ago to now $52 billion market cap. But the same thing is, which is amazing,  their own cash. So maybe it's part of the institutions, maybe part of LP money that will kind of move into this space. But yeah, I do think you need to make some of the big institutions to also come in. And then we're not talking about $52 billion anymore, which could be a single fund. We're looking at multiples of that and seeing that grow like that. And then DeFi needs liquidity. That's where a lot of the yield is coming from at the moment. So there's lots of opportunity there. Yeah. One of the most interesting aspects of just all the on-chain applications is  love the real-time data rather than the static periodic data. It just feels like some of the centralized companies aren't ever going to be able to get there just because the way that they're built, but the new era or the new industry is going to eventually become the default and the standard. That's right. Even if you look at today, Coinbase, the markets were open, I think 9.30 AM. Coinbase is supposed to be public, but it's still at 250, at least before I checked before the call. That's because  it's creating a lot of value for people and the information is very helpful for people to kind of trade and make up their own mindset. So that's definitely agree with that. Yeah, I think it's absolutely fascinating and you can see people, obviously trading is one thing, but also it just feels like when you have more information, people come with all kinds of crazy stuff to participate in. The last thing I wanna talk about before we get into the rapid fire questions is virtual worlds. And so it seems like this is tangentially related to a lot of the decentralized  teenage years there on a virtual world, whether it's World of Warcraft or some of the other things that have played out there. So to that extent, I can completely relate and see the market there. I think it's less something that we focus on in DeFi, but you do see, for example, you just give me one example, an investment we made is in, for example, maps, right, which is kind of trying to bridge like where I am right now in the world. So it's already virtual world, but it's, you know, it's giving you all kinds of information of where you are at the moment and trying to, you know, lay layer on top of that, like augmented reality and those kind of things.  the number one thing that you've learned? What's your biggest takeaway or lesson over the last couple of months as you guys have gotten this up running and started to scale it? Yeah, I think that the biggest thing is, you know, I always learn about how little I know about DeFi and how much of a road they're still ahead. And it's just about like, you know, for me, also, I tried to learn and I, which I try a lot of the strategies that my traders recommend, I try them personally, and I do them, you know, through Uniswap, and, you know, through some of these other platforms. And I think we're just  that I cannot value on a day by day in-tra market trading basis. Like how do I do that? And I think the DeFi has the same sort of interesting sort of steep learning curve that I'm fascinated by and that I'm still learning about every day. Yeah, I love it. It makes a ton of sense. I got three questions, rapid fire, and then you'll get to ask me one to wrap us up. The first is, what is the most important book that you've ever read? Wow, that's a very good question. So I am not really like a book  about and they have sort of, they've thought about and he's done it in his head. And what makes me so fascinating is about how calm he can be and how sort of a methodological he can be about his thinking process and how he does that. And I take a lot of learning from that also when you have complicated problems in business or whether it's like a computer science major, whether it's about like programming sort of problems to really think, apply that methodology to kind of see how you can get to an answer. And that's one of the most  really five or six hours and now sleep like eight hours a night completely changed my life and makes me much more well rested. What's your sleep schedule? How much do you sleep? How has that changed over the years? So my sleep schedule is terrible. So I have this brain that I can't shut off. So when I go to bed, the reason I watch so many documentaries is I look for those that, you know, and it's like David Attenborough or Brian Cox or like some of these more intellectual sort of stimulating documentaries because at some point they'll make  or a non-believer?  like the galaxy is just so big and the technology that we have, it just is nearly impossible to go ahead and come in contact. So we'll see. What one question you have for me? Well, I think the one question I would have for you is, you know, you see DeFi, right? I'm going to stick it to sort of DeFi. You see so many of these different areas developing, right? So we at DeFi, we DeFi technologies, rather, we track, of course, prediction markets like lending, stable points and stuff. And you asked me that question kind of where  versions of these products can be bigger than the centralized versions. And so it's pretty incredible when you start to think about, you know, just kind of where the world is headed is like digital decentralized products end up being the most valuable things. And so obviously, decentralized financial applications are going to accrue tons of value. And so, you know, I'm probably less tribal about like, where do they get built, right? If you kind of think about sovereign being built on Bitcoin, if you think about like a Uniswap or  Right. And maybe the one follow up question, if I may, is that because you have this natural thing where I'm still struggling to see how it will evolve. Like let's say, for example, you need a mortgage for your house, right? A house is not something we can ever make digital, right? But do you foresee that we, you know, that that eventually will also happen in a decentralized fashion? Or do you think we are far away from those kind of like bridges between us, the centralized world effectively and a decentralized world? How do you see that kind of timeframe?  25 and then maybe at some point it gets to like 90 10 right in favor of decentralization for centralization. But I think that just the world's not black and white, it's much more gray and that's kind of how we're transitioning here. Yeah, no, I would agree with that. Yeah. All right. Where can we send people to find you on the internet or find out more about DeFi technologies? Yeah, we just launched our new website. It was completely cleaned up and kind of up to date. So it's DeFi.Tech. So it's very easy to main name. So that's kind of where you can  and we will have to continue to talk as you guys continue to belt business. Awesome. Thanks for having me, Anthony.