 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  I think I paid 250k more than the other guys. So I guess the market put a price on it. So it's not really in my hands. And Christie's was a very historical, like significant moment in NFT artistry. So I've been in the space where I've been focused on collecting NFTs that are changing the medium, changing the NFTs looked at. And with Christie's,  Like, why are you so intrigued by these? And why are you spending so much time understanding them, buying them, collecting them, and using them? Very, very, very nice question. If I could, you know, give a very different answer, I would say NFT captures the aura of the moment. So it's very interesting historically, it's been that physical piece which we just kept been capturing this aura, right? Like,  touch it, touch it, right? But the first thing they say when you enter the museum is don't touch anything, right? So we've already been enjoying art where we only think about the aura on it, right? Like we don't actually touch and feel the texture or anything. That's all alive, right? Even the owner might not do it, right? So in that way, I think digitally we've had this space for a while that aura has never been captured because every copy was even  the significant and you just make it an NFT and it stays there and you know who made it for you. You know when you got it, right? And you know it's there and that is able to capture the auto. And so when you think about kind of the first NFT that you came across, the first one you purchased, tell us that story, right? What was the first one? The first ones were land on the central land, right? I did not get into the thought of, you know, art and aura.  I love them. Like if you visit the three cities, you will enjoy the same historic way how this capitalism has made this whole society different. These three cities captured. And that documentary is on time, I think it's called Three Cities That Shaped the History of the World. Now, after watching that, I was always been thinking, what is the next city? Because we are new money. And I have to find a place to  how I thought about decent land. Got it. And so when you think about that digital land, is the idea that there's basically going to be virtual worlds with this metaverse and therefore you've got a lot of the same dynamics that you have in the analog world, right? Whoever owns the land ends up being able to monetize it well. Or is there some other thesis, right? Like how much of this is dependent on the proliferation and adoption of virtual worlds? Definitely to a large extent.  All you're looking for is who's this guy? Right and that's very hard on the internet So the metaverse is a very interesting place because you know, it's like it's like a game right to an extent that You can make a friend in a game, but not on Twitter. It's very hard, right? So so that's that's what we are talking about in metaverse where I think the next social media might not look like Facebook might not look like Twitter I feel like it will look more like Decentralamp and the other other way of thinking about it is  about it all the time. Oh yeah, you can have million land pieces. Yes, yes, it's all, yeah, exactly. It's all in our head, but we do not go to millions of websites. We go to Netflix and we click on a banner and that's how we chill, right? So what I really like about the meta world is that you as a developer, I mean, like the real estate developer, you are able to pick up these lands, which are not very valuable, but by building a Burj Khalifa.  top search result in Amazon. It's really hard to unseat whoever that top search result is. And so obviously they get most of the traffic for purchases of a specific item or search term. Talk to me a little bit about when you think about this whole new world, is it something that you're 100% focused on? Or do you hedge? Do you say, hey, I've spent a lot of time in virtual worlds with digital goods and NFTs and Decentraland, but I also spend a lot of time investing outside of this world.  of meeting Ben Horowitz once and he told me like I was building some other company, Bitcoin too, but he told me, you know, like there are two kinds of people in the world, one who ride the wave and one who make the wave, right? So from then on, I'll always been thinking, you know, I should be part of something where I can make the wave, right? And possibly impact a lot of people in the world. So I have this skin in the game to make sure the metaverse is really interesting thing.  the meta world. So I think more than the analog world right now, my focus is on the virtual world. But I feel like there'll be connection to the physical world and all might have been happening through the virtual world. So when you speaking earlier, you started to talk about identity and this whole idea of basically taking yourself and immersing yourself in the virtual world, right? I think a lot of people think of, oh, it's an NFT, but I'm sitting in the analog world. I'm viewing it through my computer screen or my phone.  when it comes to that immersive virtual world? Like the simple answer is, you know, we want artists to build up, right? The simple answer, why am I saying that? Because yes, I, you know, I'm a capitalist and I'm probably, I'm a 10% economist, right? Like I'm not formally being educated, but I have no idea about the human condition.  in it, right? So something, you know, you start with nothing and you are like, a metaverse gives you something first initially. And with that, you are able to build some wealth, but also connections, friendships, you know, you're able to build the human moments inside the metaverse. And I think that will totally change the world because a 14 year old then, their favorite place to go, then like it will almost be a defiant moment.  what I feel. I think even Decentraland would there'll be people it's an open world, right? So you are able to build these games, which we are not seeing yet. But it'll be cool to, you know, collect stuff, you know, make your own swag kind of a thing or, you know, that could be many ways to that. So I think that's where we're going. For sure. And you mentioned the graffiti wall. Talk a little bit more about that. Okay, so it's a graffiti is are very important to a society.  And when you are going on the train, in this liquid site, you get a sociological lesson. Every trip you go, you are being made aware through those graffiti. It's very important. But if you take India, the walls are owned by the politicians. So you travel anywhere in India, you will see graffiti, but it's all the names of the politicians. That's what goes into the people's mind. So it's very important to understand,  Really large buildings. Do you want to build digital museums? Do you want to become the largest art collector in the virtual world? Just talk to me a little bit about your personal aspirations and kind of what you're focused on. Sure. I've been, you know, like because it's an experiment and I've been mostly like it's all my own experience. I've been funding them. So it's been a fun ride so far because I get to experiment, right? Sometimes I think maybe should I become Donald Trump?  very different experience I had with B20. And going forward, I don't want to repeat that, right? But maybe three, four different experiments, completely different. And then, you know, maybe a model will, you know, kind of evolve and, and, and, and surface. So maybe I can take that and run with it. So right now, I'm just open at the next book will be a different experiment I wanted to. I love it. So talk to me about your art collection, right? How many pieces do you think  that NFT. The proceeds went to supporting that movement. So we really like that. So there are so many NFTs like that, which are cost-based, which are done by beautiful artists. So that's great too. Other than that, just before Christi's, up to Christi's, Tuba-Dol from Metapos, he was the eye. He used to pick the best artist. So we had this thing where he used to go out with other artists into the Metaverse to buy art.  in my art collection, which I'm very proud of, is the Pustapper. It was the first ever programmable art from Asyncart. Asyncart is a company I just love. I've fallen in love with companies that are founded by artists. So it's my new thing now. We always look for founder traits, I now look for an artist. It's cool that way. And Asyncart is one of them.  Like Metapos as a whole, we are spending around $250,000. So about quarter million dollars per week. And the idea is that you'll buy this stuff and you'll hold it forever. You'll buy some, you'll sell some. You're trying to kind of figure out what has value, what doesn't have value. What's the strategy? So we've not sold any NFT until now. Like whatever NFT I have collected, I've never sold an NFT except I dropped one, which like I dropped an NFT through NFT gateway.  I have no time to reflect. I'm sure the whole industry has the same problem right now. And that's why I kind of like winters because no one looks at what we are doing and we get the time to think about what we are actually doing. So I feel like it'll be the next winter when I will be able to make a story of all of them together and see, oh yeah, see this is what is emerging. So I wanted to emerge, so I'm not really  and then I wanted to do it also, you know, to collect them. So I thought, okay, I asked to do you want to call this name and do it, right? And he said, the meta post, the post for the meta was right. So I was like, okay, that's cool. Let's do it. So I started funding it and he started collecting stuff. So it's a, that's the duo here. And then we've been doing the same thing. So now I'm going to, in this year, I'm going to structure it more  equity company, it might be a better way to hold these NFTs because I could give exposure to other people, but it's not too much pressure on me to make sure that value is going up or something. So it's nice, I feel, to structure this as more of an equity company, but that's where we are going with Metables. Got it. And so when you think about funding it initially, you said that you funded it with money that you made from the crypto world. Describe what you did  So that's how I got started. It was an all coin exchange, you know, like back in the day. So it was really hard to run it and scale it. I had like, I was so bad at it. And then I told it, and then bought, who bought it. It's a person called safe and I got a couple of people Diago and it's a company called Casa crypto. It was, it was not like, you know, like a huge acquisition. I didn't make a lot of money from it, you know, but I could not run it properly. So I thought it's better. You know, a team runs it. I was just one person.  I met a lot of interesting people in Bitcoin and started Bitaxis, which was a very nice company. It's still a nice company. We made Bitcoin ATMs. I wrote software for it. We actually came up with the name BTM through the screen of our machine because we didn't have space to write Bitcoin ATM. It was just BTM. That's how it came. Over time, that was a white-combinative company also.  It's really hard to be in the cap table, especially because there's so much money in the world and the company is the ones who are choosing it, right? Like on who gets to be in the cap table. So equity investing was not going to be a thing for me, right? So I thought, okay, crypto is very interesting. So with Ethereum, the lessons learned were awesome because I started understanding. Initially I was like, why am I making so much money? And then I looked at Uber.  These two models gave rise to other investment ideas. Polkadot was one of my favorite projects because it's like the Switzerland of crypto. The way it's arranged, that's the easiest way I can say. I thought Polkadot was very interesting, so I participated with my theorem in that ICO. It's like a poker table, bigger bet, next round, we get six. That's my life.  but you don't necessarily have the material possessions that someone would assign value to in the analog world, right? And not because you can't afford them, it's just that you've chosen to store and hold and acquire most of your wealth in that virtual world to talk a little bit about kind of the difference between the lack of physical possessions, but also this enormous wealth in the virtual or digital world.  about it, maybe exit, right? Like exit is just entering the market. So you don't know what's going to happen. So it's like the tokens have this optionality of liquidity and that gives me a huge power because you know, like I can, I, what, what you would do in 10 years, you could do in three years probably, right? And, and choosing a physical location to live at, that's okay, was very important to me. But coming to your question of, you know, the, the difference or how I look about  world, it's not like that. America has property rights. I don't know about all the states, but I think Texas, especially. I hear about it as almost, it's very inspiring to learn that human beings can defend against the government, which is very hard in the rest of the world. Then you go to say India, or when you go to Singapore, the physical is not the same. You own something,  are not common in the other parts of the world because in the other parts of the world, especially the world which are developed, I feel like the good part is the law. But the other parts of the world, it's very important to understand that an individual is always a minority. So it's very hard to become straight, rich into the world without being able to have the layers of connection.  Maybe there's electronic, right? And I used to use the definition or the nomenclature of electronic and digital as two different things. Electronic more is the centralized world that's tied to the analog world, but a truly digital world is exactly what we've been talking about, kind of this metaverse, digital museums, digital art, et cetera. And what I think is very fascinating is the governments around the world have yet to understand kind of the rise of the digital worlds and understand kind of just how popular they are,  We hope that they are decentralized, so it's censorship resistant, right? So yeah, like Decentland could be run on a few servers now, but they are finding ways to scale that, a node infrastructure where no one is responsible for a central server, so that it cannot just be shut down. So I think that's very important as a position we should get to so that we can defend free speech.  So this technology and the free market of ideas has continuously been thinking about regulations for a while now. So I have a feeling that we would be able to fight that battle if it's a global network. If it's caught within a country, man, that's done. But if it's a global network, and some countries really try to censor it on a TCP level or something, it's still something.  COVID. Talk to me about where that name came from and why you use a pseudonym rather than your real name in the beginning. So pseudonyms were obvious in the, it's an obvious thing in gaming world too, right? And in my world, it was quite obvious. Everyone I knew were just pseudonyms and it was too weird to have a real world name. It's almost frowned upon. So it would be so uncool to be named Vignesh and you know, like  Amazing. And so when you start using that name, obviously now that I have the context of what it means, that's pretty cool, right? And you continue to build all this wealth up in the metaverse. Why eventually reveal your real identity? Two reasons. One is I felt like we were not at it. Like this was such a small experiment for me and it was not Satoshi level  after I made these connections, I was perfectly okay for people to know me. So then when this happened, I didn't want the naming and, you know, like being named someone and the transaction being on Ethereum and stuff, you know, there was a lot of confusion whether this was even a real transaction. Right. So I felt like there was some that the conversation was moving away from from talking with a piece. And one  Right because crypto allowed me to do it and I'm happy to kind of give back right but my story and just a person from India right just getting started and started in crypto with zero and and being able to do this I Felt like my talk to a lot of people and resonates with them inspire them to be part of the crypto movement and also India Which is at a point thinking about you know only Bitcoin as a bad thing  Did you know that you wanted the piece and you were willing to kind of spend whatever on it? Did you have a price in mind that that was kind of your highest number? Walk me through just your strategy going into the auction. So the strategy was to buy it, right? So I was, I spoke to Noah from Christie's before, like maybe 10 days before the auction even started. And I told them, what are you doing?  to topic. So give me the same top bed with what you're giving anyone. And that was what I spoke to them. So that it's about my decision, right? And not the system that's limiting me. So I was very clear about that. And I did have a decent limit even above this, but I'm not ready to disclose that number now because it's a story that's done.  seconds of the auction.  a hidden hybrid from the other person. So I'm trying one and then it came your output. I tried a couple, I tried three and I was like, oh, we are at around 50 million. And I had exactly 18 seconds to guess some number where I could win. And I thought maybe, maybe, you know, like putting something like 70, you know, would get me through it. And when I did it, it said, yeah, you are the, you are the winning bird. And I was so, you know,  Chris, you made a lot of money. Definitely, man. Definitely. We have to talk about that. All right. What do you want to talk about? No, it's just, I think it's just platforms and I think they're going to evolve their model too, but I think it's a lot of money definitely because provenance is gone. What is the job here? It's just cloud. So it's okay because I was like, okay, the first time they're doing it. So it's nice. And it's nice that, you know, they make money because they gave this,  What's your favorite memory over the last couple of years in Bitcoin, crypto, NFTs, etc.? If you had to pick out one memory, what would it be? Can I go further than two years? Sure. Back. Oh, yeah. Shanghai 2016 for the ed conference. Ethereum adjusted $14 and we were, you know, like people celebrated. Yeah. So that was the moment.  So that's amazing. What did you learn from the book? Like, what'd you take away? Like you have to work really hard and be righteous. And then, you know, there's a way for the world to figure you out. I love that lesson. Second question that comes from our friends over at 8 sleep. They've got this thermoregulated bed that I sleep on. I turn it super cold and it helps me sleep. I used to only sleep like five, six hours now, more like seven, eight hours.  I'm not sure hours might help, but that's not too, too bad. Last question is aliens. Are you a believer or non-believer? Probably stickly. Yes. But not the way we, we have visualized them. Explain. Probably sticky, right? Like it's very, like there are, like this is the galaxy, right? Like the universe. There is so much randomness. So I think,  I tend to tend to agree with you. I don't know if there's little green men running around, but there's something out there. You could ask me one question to wrap us up. What you got for me? Who's your favorite NFT artist right now? My favorite NFT artist? I'm going to cheat because I've been helping them. But it's Riccodi. Riccodi's been, I think just really understands one, obviously the artistic kind of quality  with almost this element of you create amazing art that everyone wants, but you still kind of take care of that fan base. You take care of the people who helped make you, right? And so I think that that's like a really fascinating way to kind of view the world. So a Ricotta would definitely be the answer. Pretty nice. Well, I'm going to take them out. Where can we send people to find you, to find MetaPurse or any of the stuff that you guys are working on?  could do so. Awesome. To the door is is doing a great job. I think you guys are are in good shape. So this is this is fun for me. Congratulations on all the success. I think that people you really woke people up to a whole new world and I tend to think that history will be very kind to those who are excited about helping to push kind of the adoption of these virtual worlds. So keep at it and watch dude again in the future. Thank you. Thank you. That's a very kind