 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  What exactly is Exodus and then kind of what's your role and what's the story there? Yeah, Exodus is the easiest way to manage a portfolio of cryptocurrency to send receive and a lot of people really love the in-app exchange inside of X's and 1.3 million people trust X's to keep their cryptocurrency safe. Me personally, my background is in software engineering. It's born and raised in Nebraska and we knew that to build a cryptocurrency  we subscribe to that wholeheartedly. Got it. And so this whole like fascination and obsession with design is very obvious when you use the product. It's beautiful, both in the way that the aesthetic look of it, but also in the user experience, kind of the minimal friction of the number of clicks to do certain things. Just talk a little bit about where does that obsession come from? And then how did you guys put that into a product in really an industry where it doesn't seem to be kind of the norm or the standard? I'm really fortunate  He went out and found a team that's actually even better than him when it comes to design. And it really comes from the fact of thinking of like to create a company where the mainstream is going to use cryptocurrency, we've got to make this stuff easy. We've got to think how people feel about this stuff, right? I mean, so much is complicated today. And it really comes back down to thinking about how a person feels when they're  that we today are not venture funded at all. Now we have done a couple of small seed rounds and we've raised a little over half a million dollars originally and that was back in late 2016, early 2017, but that's all the amount of money that we've raised. And over the years we've talked to venture capitalists and there's a lot of value add with venture capitalists for sure, but we saw a future where stocks could be put on the blockchain and we saw that nobody  and we don't want people to feel stuck. We wanna create a future where if you have your stocks in a platform like Exodus, you could always take those anywhere else. But we've gotta start to set the standards first. And so the whole idea here is essentially you're tokenizing equity, right? You're tokenizing equity of your business. Start with regulation, right? So how is this legal and what's changed over the last couple of months or years that empowers you to do this? Yes, so the SEC created  are powering essentially the cap table. And it's really cool. Essentially, what they have are smart contracts that we can use. And that's what helps to change the cap table based upon if you transfer stock from one person to another person, it automatically changes the cap table based upon those smart contracts. But it's all based on smart contracts. And it was a regulation A offering that allows us to raise up to $75 million. Got it. And are you targeting to raise the actual $75 million?  or is this a bunch of people with much smaller denominations? There are certainly whales and we will talk more about that in the future. But what's really exciting about this is that 90% of the actual investors by count are all from non-accredited investors. So that's one of the most exciting things here is that this is a platform for the normal mainstream person. And that's why we see this as the future interface to what we believe will be the future of the stock market.  And so the regulation CF allows people to raise up to $5 million or companies to raise up to $5 million with very little friction. And there are platforms out there today that are offering this, but nobody has yet bundled this together with a wallet, a platform that already holds money. And so we see a future where companies are just going to sign up a few clicks, enter in information, and then you're offering can go live to get  of you as a company in terms of managing your cap table and kind of all the transfer restrictions and rofers and all that kind of stuff. But three, one of the pieces that I think people don't quite yet understand, but a couple of years ago I wrote about at this point, is that we're actually gonna make it a more fair and safer market, right? So regulators, rather than having to kind of retroactively go and build cases and enforce on people for doing things that they shouldn't have done, now the code serves as the law. You're gonna be able to prevent somebody  simple as like, say, Etherscan, if we chose to go down Ethereum, the route of Ethereum, they could just pull it up and they could go line by line and look at all the transfers that have taken place. And then they could go to the transfer agent and cross reference the records. And it's all there. It's all public. And I think this is an innovation that will be safer for for both the mainstream and regulators for sure. Absolutely. Talk to me as much as you can in terms about how much does this cost for you guys  directly on the platform. That was the original vision. Now we learned a lot along the way. And so we started this process. It was in May of 2020 is when we started this process and we started learning like, okay, there are a lot of laws and regulations that we have to adhere to in different jurisdictions. And we still may actually be able to do the international component, but we're working through that right now. So, but we had to suspend that part. And then I learned there's such a thing as like even blue sky states.  We submitted in September and with Tesla buying Bitcoin and Michael Saylor buying Bitcoin, we found out end of the year, early this year, we got to really put the pedal to the metal and get this done. And yeah, maybe there's a little bit of friendly competition to get this out of the gate before Coinbase IPO. So we were working our tails off to get this out of the gate and happy to say that we did it.  on the blockchain and the cap table. Any thoughts around on-chain cash flows or increasing the transparency around the business metrics, which I think is the holy grail of a lot of these efforts? Absolutely. One of the aspirations that we have as companies to become one of the most transparent companies in the world. What that means to us is that now that essentially we are becoming like a public company, and so that means we have to put our financial statements out regularly,  like that, right? And so, you know, whatever it is, things like that, that can really let people know like, hey, this company is very transparent in how they behave with their financials. You know, this is a company that I want to, you know, I want to use their software to manage my cryptocurrency. Absolutely. And so when you start to think through kind of the ramifications with these other businesses, what is going to take? Like, is there an inflection point? Is it them seeing you be successful?  And then you'd have to find all the pieces to assemble the actual computer. You have to find your keyboard and the monitor and all these pieces. Nobody yet had really packaged everything up in an easy computer until Apple and IBM came along. And so that was the big inflection point in the PC revolution. And for us, what it is is that, okay, so we're doing this offering great, but we also have to  other companies see like, oh wow, Exodus has had a lot of success with this. We should consider doing something like this. That's when we think that the floodgates will start to open. I tend to think that you're going to be on the right side of history here, my friend. If somebody's interested in learning more about Exodus, learning more about this opportunity, where should they go and what will they find there? You just go to Exodus.com and you can just at the top of the page, you'll see that it says, the Exodus public offering is live and people can click that  along with other folks who are not professional venture capitalist investors, and they're able to say, listen, we've got a great business. Would you like to participate in the upside of this and do it within the existing regulatory framework and do it in a way that is much more efficient and lower cost for them in terms of managing that cap table, provides liquidity opportunities for investors. Like it's just overall a much, much better system. And so I think that what we're watching here is not only one pioneering work by you guys, the folks at Securitize and others,  return and you want to go to markets with high liquidity. And so it makes sense why companies are choosing to list on the NASDAQ and New York Stock Exchange. I get it. But given that we aren't venture-backs, we have our cap or our treasury was already, we already have quite a bit of money on our treasury. We could afford to go down this path with almost zero downside if we were wrong on this. And it turns out we're not wrong on how this is going to play out.  it might handle JP Richardson on Twitter. So that's the easiest way for people to follow me. Awesome. If I have to leave you with one prediction or you're going to leave us with one prediction, I'm going to let you choose. Do you want to talk ETF or Coinbase? In terms of so ETF happening or what? So you can either choose to predict, do we get an ETF in 2021 or not? Or you can choose to guess.  and there's one recently in Brazil that the SEC, I'm just against purely speculating here, that they're going to have to approve an ETF. So I think no doubt we see an ETF in 2021. And let's see, okay, coin base, market cap, highest market cap in 2021. I'm going to say they, I'm going to go 200 billion. I'm going to go 200 billion on that. Hi, it's not on the not in the initial day. I don't know. Again, this appears.  coin base to actually be the custodian of their Bitcoin and crypto. So, man, that's a bold prediction. You might be right on that one. We will see. We will see. All right, my friend, I appreciate the predictions. You guys are doing fantastic work over at Exodus. Anyone who wants, go check out Exodus.com. You can see what they're doing with tokenizing the equity. Again, I think it's just a glimpse into the future. So even if you're not interested in doing any investing activities, you should just go check it out and kind of see how everything's structured and kind of