 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  you do that? Well, you know, I was doing the internal employee, but I had a lot of external help working with, you know, a lot of third party agencies that, you know, a production partner who was overseeing our manufacturing. And so, you know, I was fortunate. I met a lot of helpful people along the way. And I was super sensitive to, you know, hiring too quickly, and I wanted to stay away from raising funding. And so that just kind of  I mean, yeah, I mean, there's a lot, you know, a lot of customer support stuff that ended up getting customer support got to a place where it was like, okay, I can't, obviously we need help there. Product development, you know, marketing. Yeah, touching a lot of different areas. And, you know, it was kind of like doing part time of what, you know, we have our employees do full time now and just probably not being at a size where it required someone to be full time.  So, you know, sweatpants never fit in you well. Me being shorter. And so like sweat, like in college, I gravitated towards one pair of sweatpants that actually ended up fitting. They happen to be my mom's and I was like, Oh, why do these fit? Why do I like these more? Because they fit better. They're shorter in length. So it's like, why aren't, you know, leisure pants, sweatpants offered in a waste and in-seam sizing. If they were, they could fit better. It felt like a problem that other brands were ignoring because of the inventory risk and the investment and like trying to  back, understand if the message was resonating, if people were interested in the product at all. And then like also garner some PR. You know, at the time when you were having success on Kickstarter, and it still is, but like it's a very public display of your business and everyone can see the number that you've raised and it's like, oh, this company, you know, they have credibility because they didn't this much on Kickstarter or it's, you know, it's resonating with other customers, maybe I should check them out. And so, yeah.  We're a leisure apparel brand, mainly direct to consumer online, making super comfortable clothes you can still feel good about wearing outside of the house. Yeah, I can go into it more throughout the period. We spend a ton of time making product and sourcing fabrics and making sure that whatever we're coming out with is different and better than what's out there today. And when you think through the business, being D2C, obviously,  Let's just keep doing this. We see we spend $1, we get $2, $3 back in revenue. This is great. This makes sense for the business. It's profitable. How much more can we push this? Okay, we need to go get more inventory to support how much more we can push it. And so it was just like, just keep doing what's working for the time being. We launched one store in New York. It was open for about six months. Unfortunately, we closed it due to COVID and we walked away from it.  that kind of product obsession come from and then kind of do you do anything inside of the company to continue to just hammer that home to employees, partners, vendors, et cetera about that kind of focus on quality of product? Yeah. To me, it was like, you know, I only want to do this. I only want to start a company if, you know, I feel like we can make something that's better than what's out there today. Because like, you know, we're starting with a no name brand, we're only going to win and we're only going to  We try to think of things as core. We don't think of them as seasonal or discount them. And we try to, I mean, we'll spend anywhere from 18 to 36 months from IDEA to the Products and Fulfillment Center and ready to sell to our customers because I just feel like we don't have the opportunity to get it wrong. Like customers are trusting us. It's a leap of faith to try a new brand. If the product isn't excellent, they're not coming back. They're not talking about us to friends and family.  whether it be ads or responding to emails, the type of inbound we get. And then it's like, friends, family, all that. Like anyone who's experienced the brand, it's always interesting to get the perspective. Usually, you got to understand that a lot of it can be biased because if they're friends or family, sometimes they don't want to be critical. Then there's the friends or family who want to be super critical, which is helpful. Yeah. But try to listen to the customer as much as possible.  like?  but it really was kind of this pre-order model. Was it intentional not to raise venture capital or did it just kind of happen? Like what was that story? I think in the beginning, I had saved a little bit from my previous jobs and I had done the Kickstarter. So, you know, I felt like I had a little runway to test out the idea and see, you know, what could become of it. At some point I raised a small round from friends and family  as it is given the pace we're moving at. So it's like, I don't wanna put more fuel in the fire and accelerate the risk and maybe make some decisions that I'm not as comfortable with. And I'm happy with like the growth we're seeing. So in the beginning, it was just being okay with the growth rate at which we were on and not feeling like equity would really change that path. Yeah. Got it. And so when you think about kind of that path,  I chose the path and I have no regrets about the path and I think it's been right for us as a company. The one thing is like, there are some brands that end up raising a ton of capital and then they maybe find out that sometimes the financials don't make sense and they're scaling on financials or metrics, KPIs that don't make sense. I do think that we're fortunate we have this product and we have KPIs that kind of make sense now to scale.  Yeah, we so we make everything. Most of our stuff is made in Thailand, Indonesia and Peru. When COVID hit, we we had a decent amount of inventory of kind of all of our products. So we didn't have a lot of POs that were coming. So it wasn't like we needed to shift, you know, and slow down POs. We also, you know, we found out kind of later throughout COVID, we didn't really we hadn't really tested what the capacity levels were at our factories because we weren't really placing a bunch  A lot of our factories slowed down last summer. They laid people off, unfortunately, and they didn't have the same capacities that they used to have. And then a lot of brands, I think, started seeing success. Q4 last year, we're starting to ramp up. The factories no longer had the same capacity, so they couldn't keep up. And so, yeah, it's been difficult for us the last four or five months, having product on hand, feeling good about continuing to keep product on hand. I think we're now at a point that will be, hopefully,  as you've built the business over the last few years? I think so. The advantage is like, you know, we get to make our own decisions on where we want to go and what we want to do for the most part. We're not beholden to an investor. We're not beholden to trying to, you know, get more money from, you know, an outside person, institution, whatever it may be, which has been super helpful in terms of like, you know,  we've been less aggressive in our marketing. And so, you know, maybe we haven't grown as quickly as we otherwise would have if we had, you know, a bunch more capital to try to test things. But, you know, obviously with the testing, you find out what works, you find out what doesn't. We've been able to test a good amount. But yeah, maybe, maybe, you know, the outside capital help makes us accelerate our testing a bit more and, you know, allows us to do things that we would find out that do work for us that we've been maybe hesitant  it was very slow for us. And the website fell off in a way that it was like, when you're experiencing it, we don't know what's going on with COVID. We don't know how long it's gonna last. And it's at a point where it's like, if we keep seeing revenue like this on a daily basis, I don't know how long we can survive. Like, is this a six month, a 12 month thing where just people aren't spending or buying our clothes? And so that was super scary. We started to see an uptick throughout the summer. We saw people buying a lot of shorts.  out shortly thereafter that the product's not going to hit that we thought for the restocks and now we're going to be out of stock. And so, yeah, I mean, I think it's probably similar to what other businesses have experienced in terms of like a dramatic drop off in demand and then a slow rebound and it's feeling good now again. Yeah. It's incredible to kind of go through those peaks and valleys all in a short, compressed period of time, right? It takes the whole idea of being an entrepreneur and puts it on steroids when you've got the  because I had a strong opinion in clothing and felt like I had a good barometer for that stuff. But of course, like I'm only one person, I don't have a background in clothing. So yeah, as prototypes come in, it's putting them on different people, seeing what their reaction is, if it's friends or family, and they're trying it like forcing them as much as possible to be critical and not hold back. And then as we've come out with products and we get feedback on what people are liking  of there's a lot of people listening to this who they're early, right? Whether they're actually by themselves or it feels like they're by themselves. They're very, very early in that journey and they're constantly looking for the right signs that they're on the right path and they can keep kind of pushing forward. What was it for you that kept you there? I think, I mean, every day was exciting to me. Every day was something new. I still, I remember feeling like, you know, getting to the weekends  But you know the excitement and then and then it's like, you know, if I'm not doing anything, nothing's getting done. So it's like the only way that I can keep doing this and sustain the excitement and enjoy this is like, okay, we need to progress the business so we can get to a place where it's financially sustainable. Yeah. And was there a moment when you said to yourself, it's working? Like, was it the Kickstarter and you're like, oh, you know, people want this? Was there like a dollar figure in the bank or  Yeah, it's still, I mean, like the goal is hopefully, you know, something bigger and, you know, hopefully just getting started. But yeah. Do you watch the numbers on like an hour by hour basis? Yeah, I do. It's not healthy. No, I actually think it's one of the best signs of you really understand the business, right? Like I could probably ask you, you know, what are the most popular hours of shopping versus not? And you intuitively just know because if you watch the numbers all day long, right? Yeah.  You know, someone will, someone will catch it. Our customer support team will catch it or, you know, the person who oversees our site will catch it. But in the beginning was like, I may be the only one who catches it if it's like, you know, the last hour we haven't had any traffic on the site, something maybe the site's down or something. So that was part of it, I think. Yeah. It's so funny. The, that Shopify notification with the cash register noise. I, I've got two friends who are the founders of Adams, the shoe company. Oh yeah. And I was over at their house.  empowering entrepreneurs, seems like you're like the quintessential story for a platform like Shopify, right? Where basically you didn't need a big team, you simply needed the platform. And once you had the tools, then you kind of get to work and can build a business and turn into something pretty special, create jobs for people and really kind of embrace all that entrepreneurship that everyone always talks about. Yeah, yeah. Shopify has been a great platform for us. I remember in the beginning, it was like, you know, Shopify  something new, knowing that that very first product is still the most popular one.  I think, I mean, I know we've talked about, you know, the hiring a good amount and, you know, me being the only employee, I do wish that I had hired a bit sooner, both for customer support and then, you know, our head of operations who was our first hire. It just became apparent that like, you know, getting good people on board and, you know, helping the business scale in that way really opens up a lot in terms of, you know,  We move fulfillment centers. This was a few years ago. I'm still the only employee. And at the time, I had a good relationship with the existing fulfillment center. I was nervous to tell them that I wanted to leave, ended up telling them. And I didn't even consider it, but I'd show up with a U-Haul truck and I load the truck. They kind of helped me load it. And then I'd drive it from New York to Chicago with my brother to a new fulfillment center. And it was like, I didn't consider that I could have hired someone  I mean, it was, it was fun. Once we had like the stuff loaded, we were on the road. It was, it was fun driving together. Yeah. I, uh, one of my brothers is, uh, is thinking about moving. And, uh, we were just talking about this, this idea of like, Hey, we'll just put it all on the U-Haul and then we'll drive and it'd be, you know, perfect. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we'd be like, Oh, I'm going to drive. And then we  recently is Shoe Dog. It's relevant, but it's a book that I've read multiple times and then I'll read parts of it just to reread some of the stuff that I love the most. Yeah, for me, yeah, I really enjoy reading it.  Right. Second question is about your sleep schedule. I'm going to break this up. I want what was your sleep schedule. This comes from our friends over at 8 sleep. So they've got this thermoregulation bed. I turned it super cold. My wife turns it really hot and I still make a baby now, but I used to only sleep, you know, five, six hours. What was your sleep schedule when you didn't have any employees and then what is a transition didn't do today? It's pretty similar.  I'm a believer.  My question is what keeps you up at night? What do you think about or yeah? Curious what, you know, yeah. This is going to sound insane, but this is like a new worry. I try to balance happiness with ambition and my nature is to go 110% hard charging. I wouldn't sleep if I thought that that was the smart thing to do anymore, right? Like just like just go for it all the time. Bigger,  one of these things where like you'll never actually get the right answer. But the constant pursuit of the balance between ambition and happiness seems to be at least right now, you know, kind of top of mind. And it's funny to kind of hear you thinking through and talking about, you know, when you started to hire people versus not hire people, whatever, some of it is can you, you know, be ambitious? And also, maybe you don't have to do 100% of the work, right? Like, is does that kind of bring more happiness? Or if you've got  place where, you know, a year, two or three years ago, it would have been a dream to get to this place and, you know, see the numbers and have the employees and, and it's hard to appreciate it and not want more of like, okay, we got to hear, let's get to the next stage. Let's get to the next stage. And it's like, I don't know. I think a lot about like, you know, how, you know, when do I feel like I've made it or, you know, we're a success or, and what does that feel like? And yeah. Absolutely.  etc. It's super comfortable. And so anyone who's listening to this, who's like, I don't know, like completely unfiltered advice, or feedback, like it's really, really comfortable. So where can people go purchase anything, especially the pants if that's what they want. Nice. That's awesome. Very cool. Our website is public rec.com. Rec is REC like recreation. So yeah, public rec, rec.com.  I wear the clothes and anyone who wants, go to publicrec.com and we'll do it again in the future. Awesome. Awesome. It's good talking to you.