 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  shape, where decisions are made, where pioneers walk and walls talk. Why is that on the wall of one of your locations? Yeah, that's some of our weirdness shining through. So for every shop that we design prior to getting into the actual physical spake, our architecture and interior is we start off with inspiration. And so we kind of go through the history books and find out what made that particular location, whether it was a piece of land, whether it was a building that exists in the first place. Then we write some  long time. And so when you think about the way you're approaching this, everything seems to be different in literally kind of thinking of it from first principle standpoint. The pizza industry is cutthroat. Many people are trying to find the most efficiency. They're trying to figure out how they can systematize things, how they can almost make it clinical to some degree. You seem to be doing the exact opposite. Why? Yeah, I mean, for two reasons. I think the first is that if you kind of go back to the origin story, right, this was much more about  every aspect of what it means to make and serve and sell pizza ultimately and kind of going through the exercise of, well, at the time it was 2010, 2011 as we were ideating, but what would a modern version of this look like? But then most importantly, where do you want this to be 10, 20 years down the road? And so even when you think about like a ventless and electric cooking platform, I remember I got laughed out of the room. I was on the rooftop of a hotel and sweet grain has a sweet life.  that people haven't neces it was very functional. A that we wanted to operate and be able to make pizza f relatively plug and play. like that, that's sort of but incredibly functional. on that. And it was a thing t which is do people think yo a decent pizza off of a c we just kind of rethought  But before this, two things, I moved to New York at 22. I grew up in a small country town. It was actually a hamlet, one flashing light, one bar, 500 people. I actually went to the same building from kindergarten through 12th grade, like literally the same. There was one building and rode the bus. And it's always funny because when you're in kindergarten, you ride the front of the bus. And when you're a senior, you're at the back of the bus. And every year you move like one seat back and find, and then that's just like, that's a small town rural America. So maybe I went to New York at 22 started up an ad tech company. That was my first startup because  And then, you know, when my three-year contract was up, you know, needless to say, I was out the door. I reported into private equity was not my thing. But then started up an ad agency, you know, with my best friend and partner, Doug Jacob, who, you know, we've been in business for a long time together. Now he's doing some really interesting things with Anvesse and in the SPAC world. But, you know, it was a creative itch that we wanted to scratch and see, you know, how do we actually make cool stuff for founders and for executives, make them fall down?  can we create a company that's really focused on high quality jobs? I think that's one thing in America that's really hard to come by right now. There's too few of high quality jobs and high quality food under a socially conscious umbrella. And that was sort of the big mission. And I think that's extremely important. We don't talk about this notion of what does it mean to be a responsible employer or even entrepreneur around like, what are you doing? And I think great job creation is extremely important since we've shifted from a manufacturing country to one of food service, food service industry,  employer outside the federal government. So we've got to do better. And I think part of doing better is building a company by example, improving that your hypothesis around paying people more and being able to produce type of profit that has people excited to invest in the concept and that it can grow leading by example, and then taking that and being an open book and trying to shove it down every single fast food executives throw it around like what you actually can do if you approach it with a different set of eyes. How do you guys solve that problem?  because we see such exceptional productivity, right, with respect to labor and people care deeply when they walk into the four walls of a pizza shop, right, they treat it like it's their own, mainly because they respect and trust the company, its leadership that we actually have their back and every time that we've been challenged, right, we do step up on their behalf. But then that's the starting point, right? Now we've taken it as far as providing paid time off for activism, right? This summer, we give three full days of paid time off for that so people can get out there and allow their kind of  I mean, we're coming up on a decade here, right? And it's taken every hour of every single day of those 10 years for us to get directionally correct around what does it mean and how can we be a better employer across the board? So it's like, you gotta just constantly chop wood every single day and you'll get the breakthroughs in terms of the progressive policies that actually stick. We're 80% of the workforce is using them and they talk about that stuff as the reason why they're working for the organization.  see the vision in terms of what something like this can be at scale. And when you think about, especially in our industry, go back and look at legacy fast food, who wouldn't want to own In-N-Out's balance sheet. In-N-Out Burger right now is thriving, but they were the OGs of paying living wages. That was one of the best jobs that you could get in California. They were paying up, taking care of their workforce. They have a religious bend to them, which is where their values are  private equity because the returns have to happen too soon. Three to five years is too short of time period to invest in a business like this because we're in year 10 and we're just getting started with it all kind of coming together and that hyper growth really coming to fruition because when you're building something the right way, it isn't only so fast you can ultimately go. So when I think about the pitch, kind of the story as to why you're doing  I guess you could call a little bit more conscious capitalism. There's a lot out there, different versions of fill in the blank capitalism that describes this. I think it is important to note that for us to make an impact, we have to show proof that our hypotheses are actually coming to fruition and you can't go to an advocacy group, you can't go to McDonald's CEO with numbers that are upside down because anybody can spend money and lose money. It's a pretty easy thing to do.  margin intra-Covid right now. And so the business is very profitable. And I give a lot of that to, of course, like the technology and the operating system that we built, but the labor productivity and our family and workforce coming together and showing up. We have 50 locations now, and we are opening 27 this year. We actually opened 11 locations intra-Covid, which was really cool. I agreed to play offense really early on, make big investments in our people, get back to swinging hammers and opening up pizza shops.  approach that you're taking to various aspects of the business. I kind of think of it as a first principles thought process or a systems thinking. And those are playing out in a whole bunch of different kind of mechanisms. I'm going to throw a couple of those out there. And if you can just riff on where the idea come from, how did you implement it and how's it going? The first being the mobile kitchens. So maybe describe what is a mobile kitchen and where'd that idea come from? Yeah, you think about it like a larger food truck  $650,000 and $750,000 cash outlay. If you can do more of them faster with less risk and exposure and get closer to your customers, that could be a really interesting thing. Part of the challenge with it is that was very innovative, but now, intra-COVID as a lot of markets and real estate are getting repriced, it's actually easier for us to just go build pizza shops. We've pulled back a little bit on the mobility, pressed forward on the pizza shop, suburban expansion, which has been in our plan,  in itself. And so you can put a mobile kitchen in there. It doesn't have to necessarily be main in main. And all of a sudden, now you're serving higher quality pies faster to that customer base. And you can extend the radius further out from there. So you picked up incremental revenue and providing higher quality revenue. We talk about that a lot because I think one of the biggest challenges that the food industry has is that there's been a lot of low quality revenue. There's been a lot of mediocre delivery, even from great branded  It's about customer acquisition, like real omni-channel customer acquisition, like things that we talk about in other industries, but you'll never find an intelligent conversation around like true customer acquisition, right, in the restaurant business because it's very foreign to many of the operators and entrepreneurs. And so that's one of the things that's going to be, I think some of the biggest challenges is that the structural shifts, it's a different business. And if you don't have that skill set or capability organization, it's going to be painful and people are going to be more particular. Like people are going to get more  static experience in kitchen as very comparable actually. It's more so just one has a unique feature that it can move and the other doesn't. And so you can kind of mix and match as you see fit to serve the customer. And look, whether your Domino's, Amazon, Walmart, like it's about, you know, fulfillment and the fulfillment centers, you ultimately want to get closer to your customers. So you can execute, right? If we're talking about like bigger box, like they want, you know, sub one hour,  that the competition expectation for what on-demand ordering actually looks like and the fulfillment of that, like the bars raising and the bars not necessarily being raised by food servers or even the marketplaces like the Ubers and the DoorDash love them, but they've got a lot of kinks to work through in terms of being a hell of a lot faster. And on top of that, like actually setting up like fleets and courier networks that are capable of and have the resources to handle hot food. And part of the reason why food shows up in all different types of forms  going to lose, I think a lot of what you potentially gained in true COVID from a new digital customer because they have a ton of optionality. Another one of the innovations that you guys have driven is this pizza cube. What is that? It's the same thing. You know, think just like a kiosk. So it's just a lighter capex way to build a pizza shop that in theory, you know, can be stood up, right in, you know, call it half of the actual like construction time.  the limiting factor is that on cash returns for a 7 square You know, I'm not going to across the city and m missing big pockets where there but maybe not the revenue investment. There's revi a $400,000 investment or $ and so when you look at li returns, we don't need to do  quality of the product itself in pursuit of this innovation or these efficiencies. Talk a little bit how you think about balancing the innovation and the technology and some of the more kind of forward thinking stuff with just the key being the pizza's got to taste good. Yeah, I mean, that's, we don't talk about that often mainly because to some extent it's a commodity and what people like in terms of what their best pizza is is often very subjective and oftentimes has to  the manufacturing, the production process of big pizza and fast food at scale, right, is not actually what you want to put in your body. If you look at a more recent video that was posted, it's like 54 ingredients go into making a big pack, right? Of which, like the first one, you can literally like, it can like corrode and erode metal. So it's just like, it's, so part of getting closer to customers is that clean food, right, which our supply chain is incredibly clean. It gets colder, faster,  ultimately travel longer because we actually care deeply about what people are consuming and what they're putting into their bodies. We won't compromise on that. We spend a lot of time on the R&D specifically around that, which is how do you make clean, healthy, or right? Cause it's still pizza ingredients travel and still tastes delicious. And the honest answer is get there faster and reduce the delivery times. Cause it's a really hard thing to do. It's a very slippery slope. Once you start compromising, which  they're just not calling. And meanwhile, I'm banging down the door being like, where's my vegan pepperoni? That's the number one product innovation and request that we don't have right now. It's just because it's a very dated, entire industry as it relates to quality of food. When you have someone like White Castle, White Castle has a vegan product and they had it years before anyone in pizza, which is just baffling. So we're trying to stay, you know, finger on the pulse of globalization, of making indulgent food taste really good and making sure that  or platform innovations. Another thing is just the way that you interact with your employees. You've given your cell phone number, as far as I understand, to everyone, literally from the cashier to the store manager to people in the back office, vendors, the whole nine yards. Why are you doing that? And then what's been kind of the impact of it? Do people call you all day long and text you and they're complaining or cheering you on? What's happened since you've done that?  out as a leader so that I'm getting all of the data that I can around what's working, what's not working, how can I be a better employer. I think on top of that though, it's also the part of the business that I love the most. That's where a lot of my inspiration comes from, which is, yeah, sure, you have to deal with from time to time some of the negativity if someone had, as an employee, a bad experience or was frustrated, or their manager or their boss did X, Y, and Z, helpful data points, but then oftentimes it's  And the text message platform, like we have that for all communication now. So you can't call an end pizza as a customer. You can't email us. It's all done via text. And, you know, our SLA in terms of getting back to people now is right around 90 seconds. And we do it with actual human beings, not chat bots or automation. You get a live person on the other end of that text, which I think is really cool. And we use that for our workforce as well. So everyone has my number. They also have, um, you know, the, the number, right? That goes to the same group of people. So important.  I know what it was like on the other end. And I just try to make, you know, whether it's an employee or customer information, to be there, be available and be very quick with rapid response. Yeah, it's fantastic. We've talked about the mobile kitchens, the pizza cube, this kind of cell phone experiment, which all seem to be positive outcomes for innovative thinking and first principles thinking. What are some examples of things that you guys have tried in the past that haven't worked? And then at what point did you realize, hey,  experience in that, meaning they just didn't know. What do I do with this thing? It's not a food truck. It's too long to be a food truck. It's not. And so we literally are in multiple counties waiting on permits now all over Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, et cetera. And there are still to this day, they're stuck on desks because people don't know what to do with them. So there's issues there where sometimes being a little bit further ahead on certain things. And there's a solve for that. It's just wildly expensive.  and it's like Domino's has been doing basically a ghost kitchen for decades now. When you find a Domino's, it's like you took two wrong left-hand turns in a neighborhood that you were unfamiliar with. And there's a Domino's because the real estate costs nothing. They're hoping that people don't actually drive up to it. They're just using it as a delivery hub. So they've been around for a long time. But that's a good example. I would also say that we made a lot of software investments. We built our own software stack and operating system that  shareholders are cheering you on because you made those big investments and it worked and that's what kept your doors open. So it's like those little things where it's like you asked me two years ago, yeah, we probably spent too much on tech, too early on mobility. And we work a hell of a lot harder than we should. Like that's, I would say that working for you in pizza is a very difficult job, right? You're going to be asked to fly at 50,000 feet and be in the weeds, right? You're going to be asked to be innovating while you're also operating. And that could put a lot of stress and strain on the business.  It's a little batshit crazy, but it's the type of company I feel like if we can get to the other side and we're starting to get there, that there'll be a good multi-decade run based on the engine and the way it was built, where there's going to be a lot of relevance 10, 20, 30 years from now because of how hard we worked at trying to get it right and get every aspect of it right. And not just differentiation or innovation for innovation's sake, because that's purposeless, but where there's actually a reason for everything to be different and it all makes sense.  both financial and intellectual capital that you manage and you have to choose when and where to make those investments and measure what is the return on the investment. How do you think about that as the founder and CEO of a business? And are there things that you've learned over the years that other founders or CEOs can learn from in terms of those investments of both the intellectual and financial capital? Yeah, I mean, we have a bit of a luxury in that the cash on cash return metric  we share investors and that business is literally like a 10 out of 10 right now, but a lot of it just comes back to we're actually looking at making some non-traditional investments right now. It comes back to, can we beat the cash on cash returns that we typically would invest in building out a pizza shop? And that's sort of the guiding light that we look through all of this. And so there is some, there's real math that goes into it, but we've been very, I think conservative around that because at the end of the day, the fastest path for us to get scale to be able to really  It feels like it's easy to sell people on making an investment in Mike's Hot Honey or another pizza shop, the whole Bitcoin conversations, they a whole different ballgame. Absolutely. But I can appreciate that you've thought about it. That might be the most important part. Before I get into the rapid fire questions to wrap us up here, what's your favorite memory over the last decade of building and pizza? My favorite memory, two of them. One was when the mayor of Washington  that minimum wage got pulled out of the most recent legislation and really hoping that we can do everything in our power to wind that back up. But that was a pretty proud moment because the only reason I was there is because we built that into the business model and the business model worked. And so we're part of a lot of councils around how you can make this work, right? And you can profit from it. And so with a vision to a piece of legislation that of course ultimately went nowhere,  because as an entrepreneur you're building a company to go work for. Like I think it's fantastic. I love that answer. It's a fantastic answer. I got three questions for rapid fire in the U.S. asked me one to finish this up. First is what is the most important book you've ever read? It's tough because there are so many, like I never had a traditional mentor growing up because I grew up in such a small rural town. And so it was the books that got me through. I want to say probably  What was the takeaway you had from the book? Was there one thing that you were like, just, hey, it's different or was it something more specific? The takeaway was you can march to the beat of your own drummer and you can build a company successfully that gets better over decades by having a different type of a culture and setting up policies to be progressive and to support ultimately what the workforce all about. Some of the best companies culturally are those where the people working  It's not just about like, you know, those types of companies. We apply it to pizza and that's like what paid time off for activism is to us, right? It doesn't have to be about the trip that you plan. It can simply be about, I want to go work for a company that supports my activism and that gives me paid time to go do it. Why not? And we're Washington, DC headquartered. Like what a great idea for a Washington DC company to lean into activism. So that's one of the cities right across America, one of the most popular  sleep schedule comes from our friends over at 8 sleep. They've got this thermoregulated bed that I sleep on, which today I sleep super cold. My wife sleeps super hot and I sleep like a little baby, but I used to only sleep five or six hours. What's your sleep schedule bend over the years? Are you got to get your eight hours? You don't sleep a lot. And how has that changed? Yeah. So I, so what is the product again? I'm actually, I may need to get this. It's a thermoregulated bed. So basically  literally convinced me to become like this convert of the sleep religion. I got to get my eight hours now and I started sleeping on this thing and I called him up and I was like, dude, I got to invest in this. Like this is amazing. And so I'm full on convert now for sure. And what was the brand? Eat Sleep. Oh yeah. Okay. I've heard, I actually, I've been wanting to do this right now. I'm going to buy one. No, it's I'm telling you, every one that has this has been telling me about it and it's  It's just this onslaught of like ideation that like comes out of left field and nowhere actually my best ideas are when I'm like half awake when just it all comes together and I have to get up and write it down but it's sleep has never been my friend, but I'm gonna I'm gonna get this eight so I'm gonna get the mattress cover Pod and yeah the pod. Yeah, I'm gonna get the pod. I listen I've told a lot of people but I've never had someone buy it on the spot. So you I'm all in eight sleep. Let's go  Like, look, like all we can do is be the best version of ourselves. Like things are going to happen. So I love the idea of aliens because it makes me feel less relevant. It makes our species feel less relevant. And there are times over the past 12 months where I think that's been a good thing. But I think it just reminds us that we are a small part of something much bigger than ourselves. And it's a really healthy reminder of it. So I'm on the pro alien side. I'm right there with you. I think that probabilistically they're real. They're somewhere.