 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  outside of Chicago in a really small town. My family came here from Guatemala, my mother's side, and my father built his own business. He came from a Depression-era household in Chicago, and they really instilled the values of hard work and liberty and free enterprise, especially coming from a different country where you come to the United States and it's the land of opportunity. And so a big part of my platform is  appointed by President Trump to the U.S. Department of Commerce and really saw kind of firsthand how the pro-growth policies from the Trump administration were really impacting people in the district. Meanwhile, you see kind of the far left rising, the AOCs, this very socialist, communist, Marxist ideology coming out from women, especially the squad, these younger voices infiltrating the millennial community. And I took a hard look and said, well, who's fighting for our values?  a pretty interesting dynamic, right? If you look at Trump, Trump really understood social media. He understood how to leverage a lot of the platforms to get a message out, speak directly to the people, cut out the middleman. And regardless of what people think about his specific policies, the way that he communicated was very, very effective and ended up obviously launching him into the presidency and then kind of everything that he did while he was acting as president. We've now seen other people realize the power  and you're gonna have to kind of do this stuff yourself. And so do you think that either sides kind of principles or perspective really matters as much as the communication tactic or does it know everyone's gonna use these communication tactics and therefore the principles, the perspectives, that's ultimately what will prevail because there won't be a difference in the communication tactics moving forward? That's an awesome question. And my theory on this is number one,  human beings in a broader way that we just never did before based on the digital communication, right? How come a CEO of a major fortune 500 company or a tech company can get on a zoom meeting and talk to thousands of people all across the entire world in real time talking about the values of the company or what's going on in updating the company. But how come our elected officials aren't doing that? There is a gap in transparency.  that mold. He broke that wall between the majority of this ivory tower in go not only in the way he c able to understand his, was incredible about it to communicate to so many bell in the flyover cit  to a base, her ideas are a to really capture that. So that are really hammering down enterprise personal responsib back and defending the val and the U. S. Constitutions. that most people who watch t I've never talked about, but I'm an independent in ter  especially when you start to think about innovation, the ability to understand technology and the evolution there, fresh ideas, like just talk a little bit about those term limits and kind of, you know, what is the right solution? Should there be term limits? How should we think about those being imposed? Should people be grandfathered in? Should there be things that you could do to maybe get around term limits if you're a really good governor of the people that you're elected to govern? How do you think about that?  should not be in Congress for 30, 40 years. I mean, this is ridiculous. What kind of real world issues are you solving for the future? You know, when you're looking at things like how do we talk about student debt or new innovative technologies, how are you even having those conversations if the mentality is kind of so, I don't want to say archaic, but it's true. I mean, if they can't even solve real world problems 30 years ago, how are they going to solve it presently?  to Washington for 30 years. Why? Because they were lawyers, they were farmers, they had their own things going on. They had families back home. And not to say that politicians don't have their own careers, but by and large, they have made a career out of politics. And so it's more beneficial for them to kind of sit there and stay in and do enough to get reelected and then ultimately get there. What needs to happen because for so long, I think we've seen  of the aisle frankly don't care. They're like, I'm going to step in. I'm going to disrupt it. We saw the disruption in corporate America and that's the rise of Silicon Valley. And I think we're seeing it in politics now. And so I'm really looking forward to people champions from both sides of the aisle saying, look, I'm going to go in there and I'm going to actually pass term limits because we're young, we're millennials, we don't want to be here forever and let's actually get things done. So I think you're seeing that shift now.  the truth is actually somewhere in between. It shouldn't be that we protect the status quo 100%, but also we shouldn't disrupt everything. And so how do you think about that balance between maybe fresh ideas and innovation, but also experience and some of the things that people who have been around for a while have learned over time? Yeah, that's a great point. I think a way to counter, are you, I think the young, bright eyed bushy tail,  or the Capitol Hill or th you want to call it. Th who have been there who k you have experts in diffe you know, your chiefs of there for a long time have a lot of people. And so good, happy ground is you people that are able to But then ultimately the  as well and actually say, look, let's talk about these things in a thoughtful way. But you're seeing now, I always say, how has somebody in office for 30 years, but you're still talking about the same problem? So I think I'm more lean on the new faces, new perspective, not necessarily age, but just an experience in the political space is not necessarily, I think, where our country needs to be now.  we're also seeing a rise in the challenges that those platforms face, whether it's misinformation, whether it's all sort of different political ideologies. So just talk a little bit maybe about the social media platforms, how you see their role in all of this. And are there things that are kind of out of bounds and they should release or should we approach it with a truly free market approach of just, hey, anyone can say anything. And the platform is just a platform that is not supposed to be an editorial type decision. How do you view all that?  speech. You know, if our founders didn't want these monopolies or a or a government to be so gargantuan, why would they want this to happen in the private sector? They are completely overreaching their bounds. And you see it. I mean, I remember when we were saying. I see excuse for for conservatives or whatever, libertarians. But it was it's really it's truly happening. And and I think the argument, too, is that we  you know, how is the ayatollah of Iran or some of these other world leaders allowed to have a voice and have a platform when the president of the free world is not? I mean, these are really concerning questions that need answered. And I hope that they get answered because this is a gross infringement on civil and unearned individual liberties. And again, if they can do that to President Trump, they can do that to anybody.  came together and took Parler off of even as an app. So there are a lot of things that need to be solved. And I think this is an area that both sides can come together on as well. Do you feel like as there's other platforms that start to pop up, whether it's Parler or others, do you feel like there is a co-luding among the large platforms to kind of attack those competitors and keep them monopoly? Do you feel like, no, those platforms are just like,  or downloaded from, what was the deciding factor? Was there collusion? I'm not sure. But it just kind of looks bad when all these companies all of a sudden decide to take away another option that was clearly gaining some momentum and particularly for conservative voices. And so when you look at it, like, is there a line? And I'll give you really extreme examples, right? So if somebody is actually calling for violence, right? There's a very kind of undeniable  I don't know if there's a right answer. I actually think that it's almost more of like everyone has an opinion, but I don't know if there's like an answer that we're all going to get to that's like, that is the answer. There's a big issue with choosing sides, right? I mean, I've seen a lot of situations on Facebook, Twitter, you name it, Instagram, where one side is clearly being told that they are racist  across the board with all different types of people. And that's not happening right now. I mean, there's countless examples of one side kind of being favored. And then again, back to kind of the parlor example where, you know, if one person was particularly calling for violence or whatever it might've been, you shut down the entire platform for the thousands of other users because one person in particular was saying this. At least be fair, I think,  to be drawn as well. So that's a complex problem. But I think ultimately we just need to strive for equal playing field for both sides of, so all voices are heard. So another topic that has recently come up is diversity, racism, and kind of everything that is related to those two. There's a very strong  I'm only going to vote for a white person if they are LGBT. And so at what point and where is I guess the line between the push for diversity, which I think most people again, regardless of their political leading skills like that is a important topic all the way to kind of what I would think is a pretty extreme position of race and sexuality. How do you just view this balance  being elevated in a different position. Wouldn't you want to be there because you worked for it and because you felt this personal responsibility of yes, I deserve a seat at the table because of X, Y, and Z. When you bring in race and really dividing people from by color and by gender, you're basically, you're forced to choose. You're basically saying, well, one is better than the other.  of, well, you know, you're a minority, therefore you deserve a seat at the table because you have been for so long oppressed. I don't believe that. I think we live, again, in the greatest country in the world where all races are elevated and should be elevated based on personal responsibility, not by picking and choosing. We're in a very dangerous spot when you do choose and pick and choose.  as a cooperation in these gun rights. And so there's a really complex situation, right, when it comes to, let's say, the Second Amendment, people's right to bear arms, combined with the safety of the public. And so there was recently a mass shooting that occurred inside of a supermarket. When people, I think, see the headline, they say, hey, there's a mass shooting that occurred. Immediately it's, let's go and kind of  of guns, etc. But in Colorado specifically, it appears that there was an assault rifle ban. There was all sorts of mental illness type rules in place. And just a lot of the things that people normally call for around gun control were already in place, and then there was still a shooting. And so is it something where using gun control as one example of many, many of these topics, where rules can actually change the situation or  and elected official how you would kind of act in this situation. Yeah. And what happened was tragic, but we look at, you're right. I mean, the amount of laws that were already put in place, when you look at federally, the amount of gun laws that are already passed from a federal perspective and then individually, I mean, I live close to Chicago where we have the strictest gun laws possible. And unfortunately, 25 people were shot just a couple of weeks ago.  perspective, in the soundbite kind of era that we live in, the facts are not able to come through unless you dig really deep. And you were right. I mean, the laws in Boulder, how could you, they've put every single gun law possible that could have, quote unquote, in their eyes prevented it, yet it still happened, right? There are bad people that do bad things. It is a person  to be a part of the social justice system.  that you don't believe the solution is just, hey, allow it to happen. And so, meaning like a mass shooting or a significant negative event, what is the solution? If you're running for Congress and you're in that seat and somebody says to you, hey, how do we prevent these situations from occurring? What do you think the solution is?  that a mass shooter will go in and understand that they are not going to be met with aggression back, right? That's a tough one to answer, but ultimately I am for individual liberty preserving our second amendment, right? As much as possible. And people need to understand that again, criminals will get, whether it was a gun or whether or not it was a truck or, you know, a criminal will commit  highly productive children. They grew up in the United States, but it was all thanks to them coming here from Guatemala and talk a little bit just about kind of the immigration situation, both legal and illegal, and kind of if you were a elected official in Congress, how you were addressing those issues. Sure. What I'll first start out by saying that some of these countries that a lot of people immigrate from, my mother being from Guatemala,  very corrupt. And but this is a this is a very complex issue that unfortunately a lot of past administrations, both from a congressional administration perspective, but also Congress has not been able to solve in a way that you know you're seeing right now what's happening with the border crisis where you're you're having some serious issues that are going on down there. And  How are you supposed to have a career or do better for yourself if education or there weren't there wasn't a free market type of infrastructure in place. And so my family story, again, my grandmother grew up, picked coffee beans as an eight year old was able to start her own little food truck and then ultimately started a business there. But then it wasn't until my family came to the United States that they actually were able to thrive.  stories. But the reason why those are success stories is because you had law abiding people who came here because of opportunity and wanted to have a better life for their families. You cannot fault anybody that wants to come here obviously because we are the greatest country in the world. But why have we imposed measures that has incentivized an influx of illegal immigration and with that comes their own  Come here because you are fulfilling a gap in from a merit based perspective. You want to come here. You want to be a productive citizen. You want to pay taxes. You want to start a business. You want to create a family. You want to you want to contribute to our GDP in our country. Let's create a reform system that awards that behavior rather than awarding. Come here on an illegal basis and we will give you what whatever you want.  Sorry, a long-winded way of saying it.  thrive and also obviously Americans that are contributing of course, but let's do it on a merit-based system first. Sure. Before we wrap up, I want to ask a question that I think just again spans across the aisle, regardless of what people's political beliefs are. It's just how do we make more young people care about politics and about governance and about leadership in our country, both at the local level, the state level, and the federal level,  And you have people, leaders, for example, I remember Dave Portnoy talked a lot about GameStop during that time. When you have kind of these mediums that millennials are using and their influencers talking about these real world issues, I think it really forces people to kind of, especially younger people who are not focused on these political issues to look at, wow, this is impacting my life.  You should be able to own a home. You should be able to buy a car. All of that is made possible by free enterprise, a mixed economy. And once you kind of describe it in those ways from a philosophical in principle perspective, but also having the right tools and the right messengers for it, I think we can actually really make gains. And a big thing is, how can these influencers that are in the business space or really  I'm sure they're in a good paying job. They're trying to maybe buy a house at this point. They're trying to have families. And that's only made possible because of free enterprise. So I know it's a, again, long winded way of saying, having the right message, but having the right messengers for it and the right mediums and also putting out the facts and making people think for themselves. Nobody should tell you how to think, but you should at least have the historical references. You should at least have the values and the principles  burdensome, right, your policies that come out now from this administration where they're looking to tax, you know, people that have $200,000 or more. When you're in San Francisco, how much does 200,000 even getting you buy with or New York City? We need to look at these things in a thoughtful way. And I think millennials are actually coming around to the idea of free enterprise. And ultimately, that's a good shift. We're kind of getting away from  at the same time, I think that there's a lot of people who obviously are in pain and suffering. So trying to find what is the kind of middle ground is why the politicians are there and they're going to do their thing and they'll hopefully eventually figure it out. Before I let you go, I was asked everyone, the same three questions you get to ask me one to finish up. The first is what is the most important book that you've ever read? Oh my gosh, that's a great one. Man's Search for Meaning is a  No, whatever, whatever you got. Okay, next. All right, next question is coming from our friends who write eight sleep, they've got this thermoregulated mattress, so you make it really hot, really cold. I used to sleep like five, six hours, I started sleeping on this thing and pretty much changed my life. I'm a full on convert of the sleep religion that you wrote, and now sleep like eight or nine hours. What's your sleep schedule? How's that changed over the years? That's an interesting question.  average? Um I would say probably seven to eight hours full seven eight hours. All right gotta get you an eight sleep that it would be eight or nine it'd be even better. Uh last question is a more fun one uh and you get to ask me one is aliens are you a believer or a non-believer? Oh I would say didn't something recently come out this week of uh some rumblings that were going around in the alien community? I would definitely say that there  company. Oh, favorite company. Why? I don't know. It's like choosing between children. I'll say the one, it's a company that we announced an investment in today. So not actually a favorite, but just kind of recently buys a company called Synthesis. Elon Musk started a school on space at this campus for his children that really focused on just critical thinking, problem solving, independent thought, you know, more of the skills that are necessary to be successful  learn leadership, teamwork, creativity, problem solving, critical thinking, etc. So that one seems to be pretty important moving forward if we can teach more people critical thinking, problem solving skills. I feel like it might be a little bit better off than we are today. Absolutely. And that shows you that free market and innovation