 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  than almost anybody else I've ever had on the podcast. Let's start just with where were you born, where did you grow up and how did you get into modeling, photography, et cetera? Well, I'm from Kansas. So I did 20 years of hard winter and decided I didn't want snow anymore. So graduated college after doing my undergraduate, moved away, did the Hollywood dream thing. So lots of photo shoots, lots of production.  which is a part of the fun of it, I guess the appeal. So we did, it's hard because it's already been a year that I haven't had my normal life. So it's sort of bittersweet to think back to all the great things about it that aren't afforded to us right now. So it was a lot of castings, a lot of media events, a lot of production days that were long  you would do like just from a modeling standpoint, is it you show up to a shoot and literally it's like six hours and they just take pictures of you the whole time? Is that weird? It was weird for a couple of years. I traveled around the country and I would just self fund my tour across America and shooting. And the world was just different when I started in 2008. So once I parked it in LA, sure, it's a little more, this is a little more structured, but you build a network and then you start doing projects.  Yeah, exactly. Like, you know, my wife would actually be the one directing it, etc. And she probably would be telling me I'm an idiot for even trying it. She's a good cheerleader for you. I watch lunch money. Well, if you watch lunch money, then you already know exactly how that would go down. I pretty much would do nothing that I wanted to do. But in terms of the modeling that you did, a lot of it when you're going across the country,  that explanation. It's not unlike anything else when you do it. I mean, you know, when you somebody goes to war, they just get used to the things that come with that. So this was just a different kind of war, different battle, you know, normalizing some things. And so I don't know. It's it's hard to think back to it. I just accepted that that was the path I picked to have the ticket out of my hometown. So after graduating college,  Well, I didn't ask anybody's permission. I didn't require anybody's support. And if you're not a person that requires those things, then you can break free of the mold that's made for you. So I didn't want to stay in Kansas and I didn't want to do that. Now with the city having changed some, I can see the appeal of that a little more than I would before the shutdown.  There's been a bit of a divide. I come from a pretty conservative background. My parents weren't too thrilled, but we just didn't make it a big talking point. They were just happy I made it to 18. All good. So. Coming from a conservative family and then ended up in Playboy, I'm sure was a challenge to navigate, but it sounds like you figured it out. Talking about the... Go ahead. Well, now I'm navigating the opposite terrain, having been a Playboy in Hollywood, you know, that type of thing.  look at it like if you play basketball, you want to play in the NBA. If you play football, you want to play in the NFL. As a model, that seems like that is kind of the aspirational achievement. What was that like? Any regrets, positives, negatives? Just how do you kind of do that now that you don't spend all of your time doing? I just accepted it as the terms of modeling that it was no even supermodels don't get out of the game without posing naked in some  like the thought process that even the supermodel ends up modeling naked at some point, but people being able to transition past, like you mentioned, when it's coming up, are you nervous? Are you worried at all? Do you think about like, oh, my friends, my family, et cetera, here's what they're going to think? Or is it from a political or a professional standpoint, it is the epitome and kind of that achievement. And so you're more focused on this profession  because then other brands want to use you in that how that whole thing ascends. So this sounds nuts but as I hear you talking you're basically describing what now everyone is like yelling and screaming all excited about it's like the creator economy right it's these people who they build some large audience and then they're able to monetize it afterwards really what you're talking about almost you know a decade, decade and a half ago is as you're coming up in the modeling world you end up getting into Playboy that's like a stamp of approval or a validation of  can or if not, I'll still push the pictures and that type of thing. So I know why people came, but that isn't necessarily why they stayed. But no, I appreciate the fact that it's been, that I got a little bit of headstart on the game. The only bad side about coming from doing it before the creator economy was is that I didn't necessarily see the market potential for some of these things. Cause I had been so used to just giving away my product  In one viewpoint, it's almost taboo at this point, right? It seems like there's a lot more social pressures and the way that some of those activities and publications and sector are viewed is very different than it was a decade or 15 years ago. At the same time, you being the model actually in the content, there's way more tools available for you to actually build an audience, catch the audience, monetize the audience. And so, it just really gets us very... And they don't see it coming. And they don't see it coming. Explain that a little bit.  things like OnlyFans or streaming platforms or the ability for whether it's models or other kinds of content creators to go direct to audiences or is there still some kind of moat that they have in terms of that stamp of approval, right? If there's people who want to be in modeling today, do they still want to go and be featured in Playboy or do they just say, I don't even need that. I can just go direct to an audience and monetize it that way. Like what do you see happening there? I think that it's still a novelty to be associated with brands  you know, 90 people that are just like us, but maybe better. So if I talked to you in 2008, like maybe the early 2010s, and I said, what do you do for a living? How would you describe it? Would you have said, I'm a model, I'm a playmate? Like, what would you have described then? And knowing that it's probably changed, but how did you originally think? Well, I would sit for artists and sculptors and painters and photographers mostly, and they would work from those images  But MMA seems to be the first thing that you kind of transition to or sort of talk about outside of the art server, the creative work. Where does that interest come from? And like, how did you navigate that transition? Was it something that was very strategic and thoughtful? Or did one day you just start tweeting about MMA and said, hey, look, I don't care what people think. Well, I would watch the fights with a friend, a Playboy photographer, kind of funny. But yeah, I just watched, really loved it.  especially when I started to shoot pictures, because then I was getting ringside access and cage side opportunities to shoot for amateur and some professional leagues. So yeah, it was fun. So I just saw the opportunity. I've done the red carpet, run roll camera for, you know, UFC Hall of Fame and just these interviews and media days the day before that they, you know, when they do their weigh ins and stuff. So it was just an opportunity to go leverage my modeling, but then contribute in a different kind of way.  girl in Kansas that was never supposed to leave and get out and certainly not get to break the need to have a job and people to have to please all the time. Like I speak my mind and I say exactly what I mean, probably to too far of a degree because I don't have really any accountability in that way, but that's what freedom is to me. So I guess the what I'm fighting for is building something where nobody can take  that anything kind of dri just you were familiar wi and had one and want to s like what drove that tran that I had all this access a camera to not waste the a that worked with MMA beca just getting such um posi to fighters and making fr and they were just people around. And I, like I said,  just absorb information. So it was just something that I felt like doing and so I did it and that's been the best thing that modeling has afforded me in this lifestyle is that I can go all in on anything I'm interested in. So I'm noticing a trend here, which it sounds like basically you said, hey, as a Playboy playmate, I can get my foot in the door. When I get my foot in the door, I have this incredible access and in a very opportunistic way,  then they'll open doors for you too. So it's nice because the world feels so big and wide open. Okay. So this is fascinating because it sounds like you had this second career, if you will, that was taking off. COVID happens. Everyone's ordered to go sit in their houses. Pretty much everything that you had done up until that point was distraught, right? There's no photo shoots, whether you're in front of the camera or behind the camera, like it all just goes to zero.  what the shutdown happens because all of my income was gig economy and you know, freelance finding my way and I did so many things but there has to be international travel and there has to be live events and there has to be that ecosystem to support you know free market opportunities. So all like suddenly all my income turned off because I've done the internet monetization or anything  perspective. Okay, you've got a great business, multiple streams of income, everything's going awesome. COVID happens. Income goes to zero. What do you do? Do you try to just scramble and figure out online and like other types of revenue channels? What did you kind of had to kind of navigate? Well, it was tough. At least I had, I had some savings from the years. So I burned through that in about six months. And I was astonished that  bring my freelancing to a screeching halt, but it was never supposed to be government. They were never supposed to create problems for me. But I was always aware that there was no safety net for me because that was the exchange that I had made. I wasn't talking about risk aversion and things like that. I'm not a person that's particularly afraid of those things because they're always there. So then when I saw everybody's reaction to  the emergency powers and being able to make decisions for you. The transparency of the media brought that into question. The amount of coordination between nations to just wave your hand and shut down the world, that was kind of astonishing to me. There were things that I had always heard conservatives say, but I just hadn't had an opportunity  is has the right solution. The government is going to step in here. And so this red pilling that you went through almost kind of went counterfactual to or was a narrative violation to those around you, right? It seems like it's almost like, well, the majority of people felt one way you started to again, break the mold and think for yourself to some degree, right? Yes. And that's frowned upon. Which... Explain why is it frowned upon? Well, it's frowned upon because  freedom of speech and freedom of opinion and diversity of thought. And that opened my eyes to a lot and the problems with mob mentality, cancel culture. It just opened up a door to everything because if you agree with things like the shutdown, then the left just turns its back on you entirely and it just eats itself in that way. So I guess I'm just a product of the fact that I have  whatever online. Well, you can always minimize the ladder by not talking about it a lot, but it was all I was thinking about. So, and I was, I was having my own journey. It was more like a public, um, an opportunity for me to digest what was happening and my evolution. It was just publicly happening because a lot of it was the, the ideas and the arguments were coming from online. But yeah, I changed my entire media sources and  somebody who went through the full experience, right? From kind of start to finish during this. And so what was the most surprising thing that you kind of took away from that experience? Other people's unwillingness to let you change and be fine with it. Because everybody has this little characterization of who you are. They're not actually  She was taught one thing, she thought one way, that's the incorrect way of thinking, and now she's seen the light and look how smart she is because she agrees with what we agree with. The people who disagree with the way you think now say, oh my God, she changed her information sources, she created an echo chamber, what an idiot, that's the problem in America and we've got to prevent that from happening to the masses. I always laugh.  or get you in trouble. So I'm trying to edit myself to a- You can say, listen, you can say whatever you want to say. Don't worry about monetization on YouTube, which by the way, the fact that that's the first thing you think of may be part of the problem. Well, I, you know, and I'm not a YouTuber and I don't rely on that, but, or any, I don't rely on brand endorsements or any of that. That was one great thing that made me have, be in the right situation where  the topic that everyone is wondering, which is Bitcoin, how the hell did you come across Bitcoin and why did you become interested?  I mean, I'm not somebody that's amassed a lot of private property. I have a Ford and a French bulldog. It's not like I have a lot of value to protect or transition my assets or something, but it was just the principles, like the fact that people can wave their hand and stop the world and destroy people's ability to make a living and they can wave their hand and change the geopolitics of what's happening in other countries.  you went through an evolution of understanding. And, and Frank, kudos to you, because it sounds like you were actually very thoughtful, not only of understanding what's happening right now, but you went back in history and started to understand why I have certain things happened and creating the situation that we're in today. Why talk about it? Because you could have said, hey, you know what, I've got a bunch of free time. I'm going to educate myself. Okay, well, now I'm educated. You know what, I think I should buy some Bitcoin. I think I should change my thoughts. And  of what's going on leads you to the next step. Like it took me a year of the process before I bought Bitcoin, which was what, like two weeks ago? Wasn't even that long ago. So that, I mean, thought it just takes a while for thought to get you to action. And I was just ready to ease the depress, cause I was depressed about the political landscape and the social engineering I was witnessing. And I guess the more I witnessed and was a,  Absolutely. Right. Yeah. Thank goodness. Thank goodness for YouTube educators and people who want to give away what they know like yourself because I don't think I would have always connected the two. I just had an existential crisis with what's happening in my country and specifically my state and then to, you know, have witnessed places like Texas and Florida fully functioning. And I was like, I want that kind of leadership. Why can't, you know, and then everything that descended  of, hey, there's these two economies that are parallel and you'll exist in both of them, but it won't necessarily change any more work for sure. Well, I started the daydream of two parallel economies because I wanted to be free of things like cancel culture and I wanted to go and Gina Carino and make sure that she had a job even though she now can't have a job with Disney and Candace Owens and people  it is that I could possibly earn in Bitcoin, but it's just the willingness and it certainly signals some confidence in it. And it's probably going to present new operates. I don't even know how you can necessarily earn in crypto yet. So, but I'm willing and just being willing is going to bring opportunity. I'm sure. Yeah, you are very open minded. So I congratulate you on that. That is a rare skill in today's world. What is the response been?  with people that because I'm so public about my I just assume people know that about me now. So I've been creating with during the shutdown it's it's been less opportunity for growth but it's made it to where you can have small productions with just the people that you know and that you're comfortable with and that are all on the same page with some things otherwise you have serious disagreements about what how it's safe to operate your space and those sorts of things so  that into it or like just don't invest more than you can afford to lose and that's a fair thing to say but if the government's gonna make me take their money you know I may as well do something with it. I feel like it's a fun, harmless way to do something productive with free stimulus money the government is giving me that I don't even want you know it's just I don't know it makes me smile a little bit in the you know in the quiet moments. Yeah it's fascinating to me.  that is what familiarized me with the fact that there was a whole secret language and certain ways of spelling things and all this has just been a fun, it's been a fun few weeks, I gotta say. It's definitely a crash course in understanding the lingo and the nomenclature of Bitcoin. So I got flooded with people taking my pictures and giving me laser eyes, which was just so great. I got this whole like gallery or resurrecting Playboy pictures and taking my  is basically the same thing, right? Yeah. See, but meme lords is, is you have to have, you have to have the insider language. So thank you for that. You'll appreciate this. I think Elon Musk was asked in a New York times or Bloomberg article, they said, you know, you're a billionaire. You also like memes, but given the choice would rather be a billionaire or a meme Lord, what would you choose? And he said meme Lord, which will forever go down as one of the great comments, I think in the professional  So many, so many great ones. What do I have? I got my wall. Oh, I need a minute. Too many. Oh, you know what? Tim Ferriss, 4-Hour Workweek, I would say. Pretty revolutionary. Yeah, that's a great book. And obviously, with a lot of what  well, I've been getting t my life now that L. A. Is all of California, which for my, you know, hustle it's it's it's been good. I like midnight to eight. Y bit of flexibility in the you used to do used to s Uh, well no, I mean, espe  eight hours you're not work of things. So there has b as far as that goes. Um, missing anything. There's need to go out and do th I think you're doing just hours. Uh last question yo is aliens. Are you a bel Oh, I believe in possibility  So I will take it. What question do you have for me to finish up? Well, now that I own some Bitcoin, what's next? What do I got to do? Just wait for a dip, buy some more, keep buying Bitcoin. Everybody will come in now that I bought Bitcoin and try to convince me about other altcoins and people will come in and be like, no, no, don't do that. I will let you make your own choices. But I think that what you will find is that every Bitcoiner believes  what wallet or platforms do you recommend for me? So I think that for you specifically, given that you're coming at this from kind of a learning perspective, I think it's important that you learn about all, right? So there's hardware wallets, there's kind of cold storage, and then there's hot storage. You can also use things like BlockFi to earn interest on your Bitcoin. But I think that the key piece is less about like any one platform. I think it's much more about understanding  And if you wanted to get really ambitious, you can even set up a Bitcoin node, right? And again, like there's people online for sure you can find folks who could help you do it, but like going through that process and understanding how a node works and why it's important, I think we'll just give you like the crash course of actually like the hands-on experience that reading online, you just can't imitate. Yeah, excellent. Well, that gives me something to do since like I said,  a great introductory Zoom experience.