 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  Finnish University decided I was going to backpack for a year across the world and I took my Canadian Securities course textbook, which is kind of your first foray into the investment world in Canada. Finally, Reddit came back, couldn't find a job in the investment industry, so became a telemarketer for investment advisors to find people to come to financial planning seminars, fell in love with the industry, got an opportunity to run some money, decided I wanted to get into the asset management  Absolutely. And so you're doing all of this. It seems like you've constantly had this obsession with innovative technology or disruptive technology. Where does that obsession come from? When we were starting to put Evolve together back in 2016, we really wanted to be different from the other ETF issuers out there in Canada. The world doesn't need another Dow 30 ETF. Canada doesn't need another TSX 30 ETF or TSX 60 ETF.  talk about e-gaming, talk about Bitcoin. It's relatable topics that most investors are reading about and are interested and can clearly see a path from an investment perspective as well. That was really important to us in terms of building these types of products. We're huge believers that the world right now is going through its biggest transformation in history, especially from a technological perspective. We wanted to participate in that. We wanted investors to be able to participate  the main one, the granddaddy of them all, if you will, which is Bitcoin. And not so much because that's the ETF sector that's got the most flows and the most volume, but really because I think that the audience, that's the one that they care about the most and they're spending the most time thinking about. So walk us through what is the fascination with Bitcoin, how is the ETF structured, and then how you've seen adoption for that product so far. Yeah, Bitcoin, as you know, has come a long way in the last 10 years.  Bitcoin, and rummaging through a garbage dump, trying to find their hard drive or their USB stick to recover Bitcoin. Still today, 20% of the Bitcoin outstanding is sitting with people that don't have security keys to access it. But if you fast forward to the last few years, we've started to see a lot more uses for Bitcoin. We started to see wider adoption. We've seen retail investors continue to use it. We've seen institutional investors  the world right now. We're printing money left, right, and center, and we're potentially entering into an inflationary period. And so Bitcoin can act as a bit of a hedge against that inflation. So there's a lot we use. So back in 2017, we actually filed for the first Bitcoin ETF in North America, but the regulators here in Canada just weren't ready for it. And I understand why. There wasn't enough infrastructure. There wasn't widespread enough adoption as well. We revisited it  our ETF is actually buying physical Bitcoin. If you invest $25 into our fund, you are getting $25 worth of Bitcoin. It's not tied to futures, it's actually physical. You can put it inside your brokerage account. In Canada, we have these things called RSPs, we have RIFs, we have RESPs, we have TFSA, all these registered accounts that enable people to actually invest in Bitcoin the same way that they would buy  Bitcoin. With an ETF, what you have is you have market makers. And the market makers will always be creating, redeeming, making markets based on that reference rate of Bitcoin. So with a fund like ours, you would never have a significant discount or a significant premium above the price. One of the challenges with a lot of the closed end funds that exist out there, prior to the ETFs in Canada getting launched, many of them were trading at anywhere from 10% to 30% premiums above the price or value  option within closed end funds. Got it. And so when you start to think through how this will impact kind of capital flows to Bitcoin, the asset and the market cap, what's the thought process there? Just tons of people show up and they all want to buy the Bitcoin ETF and therefore the market cap drastically expands. What are you seeing and how do you think about it? Well, when you think about Bitcoin, as you know, there's a limited supply of 21 million coin. Right now, we've mined about 18 and a half, 18.4 million of it. So we've still got a couple million to go.  Bitcoin when you see PayPal doing the same and starting to facilitate transactions. This just all furthers the confidence that people have in the cryptocurrency and it furthers demand as well. So we're pretty excited over the next couple of years to see how Bitcoin starts to become more and more adopted. A lot of people, I think what they're saying is that I don't know whether I believe in Bitcoin or I don't believe in Bitcoin. I don't have the time to research it.  a lot of from investors, from professional advisors, and even from institutions as well. For sure. And so when you think about the development in Canada of these ETF approvals, or I think there's a couple of them now, do you think that puts pressure on US regulators to go ahead and improve it in the United States? If that does get approved, does that essentially take the wind out of the sails in Canada? Or what's the thought process in terms of US versus Canada on the ETF? I've talked to a lot of people.  So that's why some people think that a Bitcoin ETF is around the corner. It'll be interesting to see, but you're quite right in that one of the challenges that we have in Canada is it's very difficult to sell our funds. In fact, it's prohibited for us to sell our ETFs or solicit our ETFs into the US market. It's also very difficult for US investors to get access to Canadian listed ETFs.  a Canadian listed cybersecurity ETF that's only trading $2 million a day of volume. I'm going to buy that US listed one. So the great thing is for Canadian investors, they've got a lot of choices. The challenge that it creates for Canadian issuers like ourselves is we are actually competing with US ETFs, but we can't participate in the northbound to southbound flow. For sure. And so when you start to think about where we'll be in five years,  price of Bitcoin, right? Ultimately, if Bitcoin goes down to $10,000 per coin in a year from now, you're probably not going to see a lot of asset flow into the ETFs. But if Bitcoin's at $200,000 in a year or two years from now, you probably have a lot of flow. So it's definitely going to be highly correlated to the performance of it. But I think what a lot of investors are seeing now is, and to my point earlier, is it's way easier to participate in Bitcoin through your brokerage account via an ETF  once you start to take a look at some of the other cryptocurrencies, and I would say stop for now, once you start to take a look at the other cryptocurrencies, they are missing part of that adoption. They're also missing a futures market tied to it. And the futures market's really important for a lot of the market makers to hedge out some of that risk that they're wearing by having physical Bitcoin as well. So an Ether futures market just started a few weeks ago, so it's still very early days, but those are really the only cryptocurrencies that have a  put together the best structure in the Bitcoin ETF space. And when people start to look under the hood at our structure, like for example, our index is the same pricing reference that's used for the futures market with CME. So when people look at our transparency, and they look at our regulation, and they look at our reference rate, we're very confident that they will look at our fund as being kind of the gold standard.  Now, we've had a really great track record of being on the long-term investment thesis and not on the fad side. And when you think about cybersecurity, you realize the long-term investment thesis for it. Number one, we all know cybercrime is going to continue to increase. There's no doubt about it. How many more emails are you getting or viewers getting from a bank that they don't bank with asking to click on this link to verify their account details or something that looks like Microsoft,  non-discretionary spend for every organization out there. Let me explain what I mean by that. If you're a US bank, a Canadian bank, a Fortune 500 company, if you have a terrible financial quarter, it's not as though you're going to stand up in front of your shareholders or your board and say, due to our poor financial results, we've decided to reduce our spending on cybersecurity. Never going to happen. They might say, we're going to reduce headcount, we're going to close some offices, branches,  job vacancies in the cybersecurity industry today. So if any of you have a kid trying to figure out a future path for themselves, you may want to nudge them towards a career in cybersecurity because there's virtual guaranteed employment. But the reason why that's important to to investing in cybersecurity is because of that massive shortage of human capital. Seventy five percent of all the cybersecurity work that is performed for all of our Fortune 500 companies  back to macro on cybersecurity. One of the reasons why it's become so important today is because we're so connected. I mean, look at your desk right now. How many devices do you have connected online? Three, four. I know that like many people, I was born during the Christmas holidays and I walked around my house to count how many devices I have online. I have 62 online because you've got your smart plugs, your thermostat. So it's great because we're more productive, we're more efficient, we're more happier because we're  industry. Makes sense to me. Cloud computing is another section you guys have gone pretty heavy into explain that one. Yeah, you know, whenever I explain areas of the market, I always think it's helpful to think of your life 10 years ago and what it was like. If you worked in an office, you probably there was this room on your floor or in your building that had these file servers. The bigger your office or company, the bigger the room, the more rows of file servers there were. That's where the data was being stored.  is because much of our data has moved to the cloud. Major advantages to companies because what it does for them is it gives them full pricing flexibility because you pay for what you use, not for what you don't use. So it's like your light switch coming to your room, you turn on your light, you start paying for the electricity, you leave the room, you turn it off and stop paying. It's exact same thing with cloud computing. The other massive advantage and the reason why cloud computing has become front and center over the last year is because it enables  Netflix, we would have a tough time streaming games as well. We would have been much more isolated and it would have been much darker period to go through. So thankfully we've gotten the kind of technological advancements over the last 10 years that has made going through this pandemic a little bit bearable. But cloud computing today is going through this process where any new company that has set up in the last five years has gone straight to cloud. But any of those older companies, 30, 40, 50 years,  of more niche aspects, right? The ETF itself contracts the macro, but are there micro areas that you're interested in? Yeah, so what we focus on is kind of the three pillars of cloud computing, platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and software as a service or SaaS. Most people have heard the term SaaS very often. On the infrastructure as a service side, that's where you have  which is Amazon's cloud computing business. Why did he appoint Andy Jassy? Well, I guess you can read between the lines, which tells you that cloud computing is a very, very important pillar of Amazon's future growth. So it tells you how big it is. So that's on that side. And then where I really liked the industry is on all the SaaS side, the software as a service. What we're doing right now on Zoom is SaaS based. Salesforce was one of the pioneers  course, all vehicles are going to be electric. Ask an older person and they think it's like, you know, the charlatans of, uh, of, uh, tech have showed up in the electric vehicle space. So how do you think to that one? So if you think back like 110 years ago with the horse and buggy, uh, and Ford came out with the first car and everybody said, this is a joke. It's a fad never going to replace the horses and buggies. It took about 20 years to eventually phase out horse and buggies. And I think that's the period  years after 2025, so call it 2030, early 2030s, you won't even see a combustible engine vehicle on the roads in those countries. But the big behemoth countries, China, India, with massive populations are saying 2030, no more combustible engine vehicles on the road. You're seeing it with the Biden administration making huge initiatives in the EV market. He just made an announcement a few weeks ago that the entire government fleet of cars is going to move to electric.  see a path to the electrification. I got an electric car a couple of months ago, three months ago now. I love it. But here's the big challenge. Range anxiety. I don't know if you know what I mean by that term, but range anxiety, I get it. Yeah. Every time I go to my cottage, can I, can I make it to the cottage and come back on one, on one charge? I can't. Um, and so I've got two options. Okay. Coming back from my cottage. One option is turn the heating or air conditioning  electrification is the overall infrastructure, which is why I applaud the Biden administration for saying that they're going to be putting in 150,000 new charging stations in the US. I think that that's great. I mean, we need to do more of that in Canada. Our Trudeau government has made some commitments, but nowhere near enough. But that is the impediment for the adoption of the, that is one of the impediments of the adoption of electric vehicles. The other one in the past has been cost and because electric vehicles are too expensive.  you actually drive into a service bay and they swap the battery out. So you're in and out. So you're not sitting there waiting to charge your vehicle. I love that type of innovative thinking as it relates to the infrastructure until we get to the point where we can charge our vehicles faster, maybe even use solar energy to charge the batteries as well. But it's a really interesting time and I would say to you that the car is going through the biggest transformation in history right now, not just on the electrification,  Yeah, well, you go back again. Think about your world 10 years ago. You got interested in a game. You went to the store, you bought the disc or the cartridge, brought it back home, plugged it into your console, and away you went. That's where the revenue stream would stop for the eGaming company, for the video game publisher, I should say. Today's world is so different. And so I had two aha moments in terms of wanting to create the first eGaming ETF in Canada.  a month on e-gaming because of that freemium model. So that's a huge revenue line for the gaming publisher. But then they also, because there's so many eyeballs playing the games and watching the games, now you have companies like Coca-Cola, T-Mobile, Red Bull that want their logos in the game embedded because it gives them brand value. And so they're paying the game publisher oftentimes to have their logos. Like I once in a while will play a game called NHL  Before the pandemic, you had stadiums all over the world being filled with people watching other people compete in an e-game. I would have never thought, I never understood it. I'd never made any sense to me. In fact, I did a podcast where I was interviewing a professional e-gamer and I made that comment to him. And he's like, you know, with all due respect, Raj, my generation doesn't understand why your generation watches cooking shows or home improvement shows. And that put it into perspective for me.  I mean, we have 3 billion gamers in the world today. That's anybody that spends six hours or more per week. And I think on gaming, I think it's really important to not get too caught up in the stereotype of those teenage kids in their basement with a bag of Doritos gaming. Because yes, the teenagers are a segment of the population, but I know a lot of 40 something year old professionals that go and hop online and compete  growth of e-gaming isn't in the consoles because there's only 200 million consoles in the world. Consoles meaning the PS5s and X-Box in the world. There's only 200 million of those, but there's 4 billion smartphones. So if you're a game publisher and you're building your game for the smartphone market with all of the improvements in the hardware and technology and faster transmission, you've got a real business. I feel like the five sectors that you guys have chosen that we talked about today to young people  the  I was not one of those kids that could read, that could sit down and read a book. That was the only book in my childhood that I sat down and read cover to cover within a day. And, and, and, and the reason I was able to do that is because it was just so interesting to me. So I know most people would say like a business related book, but that was a book that I was able to read. And I was able to read it. And I was able to read it. And I was able to read it.  bed. It's basically turn really hot, really cold. I sleep literally on an ice cube and see like a little baby now and I'm a full on convert to the sleep religion. What's your sleep schedule and how has that changed over the years? Well, when you get older, you start to go to sleep earlier. So when I sometimes when I talk to people like you and some people say, I'll give you a call around nine o'clock and I'm like, PM, they say, yeah. And I'm like, uh, well, that's when I'm really getting, getting ready for bed. I am a, I'm a early sleep  I actually got one of those weighted blankets a couple of months ago. I found it too restricting for me. I didn't enjoy it, so I stopped using it. I love the experimentation and the open-mindedness. I think that's always key. Third question is more fun, and you get to ask me one, is aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? I am a believer, and I'll tell you why. Chris Hadfield, very famous astronaut,  there probably is, but it's a great debate because I debate this also with my kids. I mean, I find that this generation of kids today are far more interested in space than probably the generation before them. And maybe Elon Musk has something to do with that. SpaceX has something to do with that, probably. But my daughters are very fascinating watching space shows. So I was very skeptical. I'm a very linear thinker, black and white. But in that case,  I'll throw some out there that I find myself listening to the most. So Joe Rogan, Tim Ferriss, Patrick O'Shaughnessy's Invest Like the Best. I would say those three, I probably find myself listening to more than most. But I also enjoy kind of just when I see people tweeting about a specific episode and they're just like, hey, this one's really good, going kind of listening to podcasts that I haven't listened to before. I've never listened, not one time.  Two ways to answer this drop in audio experience game changer here forever. Clubhouse likely winner could mess it up at some point, some way could be copied like Twitter spaces or something like that as well. But I think that the conviction I have in terms of drop in audio for sure like that is here to stay. I think people would just want the experiences of wow, this is amazing. The big question is can Clubhouse continue to kind of distance themselves from  are making headlines. As it relates to Clubhouse, I think the concept of live makes a ton of sense. I can tell you two things. Number one, I never PVR sports because if I don't watch it live, then I'm not going to watch it recorded because I just feel like you've missed the entire experience of watching something that's already happened versus live. So I'm a big fan of the live  I have not used Clubhouse yet, so I'm just a student of it. I'm planning to use it in the next couple of weeks. Part of the reason why I don't use it is because I use a Google phone and you have to have Apple to use it. So if Clubhouse is listening, try and make it friendly for the Android users as well. But anyways, I think it's a very interesting concept and I think it could really take off.  it's there on our website. All right, man. Listen, I really appreciated this conversation. I learned a ton. I think that your focus on disruptive technology and innovation is probably going to play off pretty well here for you and for folks who choose to get exposure through your ETFs. So I appreciate the time I'll do to get in the future. Thanks, Anthony. I love the experience.