 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  know, the american people do my job. September 11 of those days. And I thin you bring that up. There younger people now don't experience that that had f I was went for a, it was a beautiful, it was a b just one of this magical  you know, thinking about going home early, you know, take the kids out and got in the car and we're driving back to work because we were at an out. We're at this out station called Clarksville base. It's just one of those days and on the radio. I was listening to this really probably inappropriate morning show. It's called the John Boy and Billy show is only in the south. Right. It was really funny at the time. And all of a sudden the announcer broke in and said, hey, something  By the time we got back to work and I walked into our intelligence section in the unit I was in, I was in 3rd Battalion for the Special Forces Group, walk in there and you know how sometimes history when you look back on things, you're like, I really experienced that or did my mind create that after the fact? Well, and so I've thought about this a lot. I walked in, they had the TV on and we saw the second plane go into the building. And I always have to think back. I'm like,  man A teams. And there were men at the time now, thank goodness there are women in them. Biggest thing biggest change we should have done 20 years ago, but that's neither here or there. Thank goodness, but at the time they were 12 men, eight teams and the 12 man Special Forces, eight team consists of two medics, two engineers, two communications experts, two weapons experts, two senior non-commissioned officers that handle operations and intelligence, and then two officers.  was this, hey, there's nothing to see here. You know, things happen in the world all the time. Just dial it down a notch. That's what I heard. I'm like, no, the world fundamentally changed. And here was the crazy thing. And this is the genius of special forces that I don't think I really appreciated at the time. We left that meeting and I walked over to the company I command and it was this old crappy World War, it wasn't World War II, it was Vietnam era building. It was just now.  But that was not the instructions I was given from my higher headquarters at that time. But we all knew the game was on and we were going to be a critical part of that. We knew it was been live. And everybody goes, don't jump ahead of yourself. This isn't Al Qaeda. We're like, yeah, it is. So Chris, when you think about kind of the days after September 11th, there was a whole bunch in the public sphere of what happened, who did it, why, and kind of a crash course, if you will, on extremism, especially on the religious  a little bit more lackadaisical to actually going to Afghanistan. Thanks, Anthony. And so it was so interesting. I was like an eyewitness to history. I call it like the fly in the wall. Like I don't know why I experienced all this serendipity, fate, karma. I really don't know what it is. And as the things developed, you've read in the books now that there was a Camp David meeting like right after the 11th where I think who was  group group has three battalions of you know, three companies of six a teams. I know it's confusing as heck. But that's that's the big deal. And at the time, it was a guy named legendary guy, Colonel john Mulholland, he retired as a lieutenant general, just absolutely legendary figure that I've just like been a mentor to me is like, oh my gosh, he's like my second father, can't say enough good about him. I'd worked with then Colonel Mulholland prior. And he goes, Chris,  get the hell out of it. It was really, and that's when I knew it was serious. I knew it was serious, thousands of Americans were killed, but I'm like, wow. Who went down there and here was what I learned, Anthony. And people will now say, oh, that's revisionist history. I'm just going to try to relate to you what I experienced at the time. I was a Green Beret. I was a Special Forces officer. The purpose of the United States Army Special Forces Green Berets is to conduct unconventional warfare.  help them take back their country from the reigning ruling regime. So, you know, I'd been in Special Forces at that point 2001, I went in Special Forces in 93, do the math, I'm not gonna do public math and just, and went in there and we're like, this is what the regiment was created to do. The Special Forces regiment, the Green Berets had never truly conducted an unconventional warfare campaign.  Union is going to invade Western Europe. So we're going to have these green berets are going to stay behind or they're going to jump behind enemy lines. And then we're going to have this this inflamed flames are going to build in the rear of the Soviets and we're going to you know, take them out from behind. So that was that's kind of the classic unconventional warfare. That's what special forces green berets were created to do. And we never really done it. Some people say, Oh, we kind of did it here. And they're like, we never did it. So I'm going to get hate mail now. Oh, actually,  plan. What we're going to do is we're going to go and be the country. And this is how we're going to do it. We have all these forces in Europe, tanks, you know, Bradley fighting vehicles, tons of infantrymen, artillerymen. And what we're going to do is we're going to put them on trains. We're going to move them down to Uzbekistan. We're in a mass combat power through the winter and when the spring because you know that the mountains, you know, all this stuff you brought up like we didn't know a lot about it. We heard you read Red, Redyard Kipling and watched, you know,  for solutions. And I think the CIA had come up with some ideas too, like I noted earlier in their meeting at Camp David with President Bush. So this was my interpretation and I was there by the way, was, oh crap, we need some ideas to Secretary Rumsfeld like yesterday. Anybody have them? And all of a sudden, those of us that were green berets, it was like, hey, are there any green berets here? Like, oh, you forgot about us.  with that. So that was my recollection and it's right on how that thing went down. And so Chris, when you think about the actual kind of initial invasion, for those who have watched the movie 12 Strong, it's from my understanding pretty accurate in the sense that we literally dropped off a couple of Americans and when they did their thing. And so when you're seeing that kind of in preparation and then it actually starts to happen, talk a little bit about just the uncertainty and the unknown and especially when you're  head or what are the memories that you have kind of being in that leadership position? I just remember a couple things. Boy, not sleep well the night after this. I remember like Colonel Mulholland at the time, he's a colonel. That's like mid-level management, right? And here he is in charge of the most significant military operation in modern history  thing, the brilliance of the Special Forces Regiment, the Green Berets, it's not the officers, it's these incredible non-commissioned officers. Non-commissioned officers versus a commissioned officer. A commissioned officer is commissioned by Congress, usually as a college degree. The problem with special forces is, you know, three quarters of your non-commissioned officers all have more better degrees than you have because they're just incredibly capable and self-starters and they're like, well, I'm going to get my college degree and I'm going to get my master's while I'm at it.  Bob had been in, he'd been an NCO. He'd been that warren officer. This dude had forgotten more about special forces than Mark Mooch ever knew. Mark's going to kill me when he hears that. And then, and then you had 10 NCOs that were, had been the team sergeant, the head guy had been on that team for 15 years. He had been a team sergeant probably for four years. These folks had  We studied the wrong one, by the way, although Russian helped in some ways, but you know, Pashtun, they're only a handful of people that spoke Pashtun. So you had this, you had this core, enormously talented, experienced people. And it doesn't exist right now. And that's not a criticism of the regiment because we've been at war for 19 years and we have, we've had to cycle more and people get injured and killed. But it was a really rare moment in the history of the special forces regiment of the green brace. So it's like, you guys go.  some horrible person. You can argue whether we got it right or not. It was kind of busy at the time. So that was the key thing was figuring out who that was. And then it's an act of faith. Colonel Mulholland would give them the launch order and they would get on the back of helicopters and fly through these. Colonel Mulholland tells a great story. He was under unbelievable pressure to get in, get in, get in. It's like the weather's not right. The weather's not right. They were flying through the heat.  They flew him on one of the routes where literally walls of the helicopters or I'm sorry the walls of the Bali's are literally five feet from the rotor blades and then it was like you get it now you understand why I was holding off so that was the thing you Talked about physical fitness. So you're going in there. You don't know how long you're gonna be there and green berets always Over-prepare the problem is that ends up being you carry everything in your back you have  in there. So they're very light. They're just in their combat equipment so they can move and fight and follow them behind is, you know, the junior guy who is the new guy, he's driving the gator, you know, which was another example of innovation, right? Nobody, that's not in the manual. Like, hey, we got an idea. We called it a mobile mission support site. Usually you pile all your stuff up and you leave it there and then you can come back and they're like, we can't, we don't know where we're going. So they created a mobile mission support site using  and not knowing what's gonna happen at all?  I want to have some autonomy, I want to have some authority, I want to have some creativity, so I want to leave the big military that doesn't always embrace it. Not sometimes it does, but typically not. And then they see these green berets that get to wear civilian clothes and drive civilian cars and not have to get yelled at for and have to pick up cigarette butts in the courtyard, etc., what the military typically does a lot of times. So these people volunteer and they go to this thing  you will have, these are the required items. These are the things you can't bring and then you show up there and you dump all your stuff out and a sergeant looks at it and makes sure you have everything. And here's the crazy thing. You can, like, I took like two cartons of cigarettes. And because it wasn't on the list of things you can't take. So I'm like, you can't take cigarettes because in these training events, cigarettes are worth food.  instructions from the board. There's a board and it'll say 0600 this uniform 35 pound rucksack. You're like, ooh, okay. No other instructions in that. You show up at 0600, you got your uniform, you got your 35 pound rucksack and this sergeant gets up and goes, the next selection event is you will move under your own power over land for a set distance. You're like, okay, what else? How long are we going?  people, some people would collapse because they're like, I don't know what I'm supposed to do. But the people that thrive in environments where it's, where it is flexible and not predictable, just thrive there. And so that's, that's how they break it out is just, you're put in this situation where if you're not an independent operator, you will, you will either fail or you'll self-select and drop out. And so people are just  I'll die first. Navy SEAL teams in Hell Week, you know. I love watching the Discovery Channel where they do the Hell Week thing. And I love listening to the instructors when they go, yep, we know almost to the hour when the last person will quit. And then at that point, you know, we've broken them all down. And at that point, these people are going to quit. The only way they're going to, they're not going to quit. They're going to be disabled, permanently disabled, or they're going to die. And at that point, I love that part with the SEAL teams where they go,  move and communicate at a very, very high level of proficiency, but also they have great ability to work within a team. And so it's not just about the individual strength, it's actually their ability and their cohesiveness with the rest of the team. And some of that is they may be naturally good at it, but also there's just the constant repetition in practice and kind of training that goes into it. But then you actually add another level of complexity, which is you have a team on the ground and that team on the ground is probably better equipped than most on a  of complexity. Are there certain lessons that you've learned over the years or takeaways that you have that you say, look, whether it's on the battlefield or inside a corporation, or if you're the founder of a company, like these are the things that you learned from a leadership perspective to kind of integrate across those different perspectives? Wow, that's a heck of a question. That's a big one. I'll take it by chunks. I'll try to take it by chunks. Every situation is different. That's the key thing.  and think, well, you know, I'm a college graduate, I've got a master's degree and I'm pretty, yeah, I got this. And they, if you just give them some leeway and just tell them which direction to go and trust them and support them, they'll come up with something 10 times better. But that's not always the case because sometimes you do need to be hyper micromanage on them. But that would be, because every situation is different. There might be a time where they're based on the political sensitivities that you really have to go  Like you gotta move this Jeep. The mission is you have to, this Jeep is critical. It has critical supplies in it. You have to move it back to the repair facility. And there'll be like, there'll be some poles and stuff. And you're the team later now. And you're like, what the hell do I do with this? And, but of course there's somebody, well, you know, I had this problem when I was in Montana, when I was growing up and that's the leadership test is are you going to tell everybody what to do? Or are you going to say, guys,  in the next phase. So there's this ruthless meritocracy and calling process. And you just don't get to say like, oh, I don't like Jim. It was like, why don't you like Jim? Jim failed on this event. We were down and out and he, you know, he didn't, he quit. So that's how that works. Now, oh my gosh, high functioning teams. I'm just still amazed, still learning, learn every day, want to learn more. And I think I really, my, my  So your instinct as a boss is like, I'm gonna hold on tighter. The thing you, I had a great boss one time, Ken Tovo, was like, no, at that point, decentralized more. Decentralized until it's uncomfortable. You're like, oh, geez. That hasn't let me down, but you gotta really, you gotta be invested in your people because they will screw up sometimes. And of course in combat, that comes down to people getting injured or killed, but unfortunately that's the way you learn.  was when I was in Tampa planning the war for Colonel Mulholland. Like I told you, I went down there the 7th, September 16th. I was there for a couple of weeks. I remember going to the mall. I was working like 22 hours a day, but I had to go pick up, Colonel Mulholland was coming in like, you're out of control. I need to come down there and see what the hell you're doing. Why are you going to the mall? So I went, it was the first time I'd been quote unquote, not working, because I was going to pick them up  a country takes and that was just absolutely surrealistic to me. And I remember I went and got ice cream at this and I was just like, people are eating, they're eating ice cream. I'm like, holy shit. That was more surrealistic for me than coming home because coming home, it was before I even got in a plane coming out of Afghanistan. Well, I flew out of, it was back in the, I flew out of there. It was like, Hey, got something else going on when you get home. Like don't plan lead because we're going into  fight every battle? Is there a place for kind of the conventional military and conventional tactics? How do you kind of balance those two different things today? I think we're in an era of strategic transition. And we don't really obviously China is the major competitor. You know, everybody knows that. What's that mean for the military? What I experienced, you know, my last job is the I was the acting Secretary of Defense in charge of that whole thing.  thing. That's 1.7 trillion. That was with a T, not a B, trillion dollars. The F-35 is the largest military procurement program in the history of the world. When I heard that, I'm like, come on, that can't be true. The Romans built an entire interstate system throughout Europe that is still being used. You know, you go to England and you're on the M-5 and they're like, oh, this is the road bed that the Romans built, you know, 2000 years ago. I'm like, that costs more  to toe because we will clean your clock. We will kill. I mean, it's done. Now winning the military battle, the fight versus transferring that into strategic gain, like winning, we have not been clearly very good at because we haven't been able to convert military victory into strategic accomplishment in a long time. So my thing is we need, we  have to do large force employment later, which costs a heck of a lot of money, send a dozen of them down there and they learn all about the culture and they find out the needs of the people and find out where the fault lines and the fissures are and try to strengthen the host nation government and connect them with their citizens for their needs. That to me is where we are right now, is that's more important tool than to have large formations because if we ever, ever  in small towns right now that are developing, leveraging artificial intelligence, machine learning, you know, small, you know, the application, the maker mart stuff, where we're able to produce stuff individually and bespoke. And then taking that, here's where I am, the most important weapon system that this nation has is the six inches between our service members' ears. And that  the spirit and the creativity that is happening in America. Because remember the old days, it was like the government told industry what to do, and they did it, and we paid them really well. It's on its head now. You guys know that. It's on its head. No, the creativity is happening in the commercial sector with startups and small companies. And so we, Department of Defense, Ash Carter, he was the first one, him and Bob Work, was his deputy. Brilliant guys. They're like, uh-oh,  you know what you would do when you came back? No. No. Huh. You know, some people, you have a great line and I, on one of your things about you would go to job interviews and they're like, Oh, what's your, what's your five year plan? I'm like, you know, I'm like, Hey, doing something I enjoy, feel like I'm contributing, feel like I'm learning and feel like, you know, paying the bills. So my, I have my wife's name on my computer. I'm really Chris, not Kate, but that's fine.  The people that overplanned boy never worked for him. I was like, yeah, the big thing in the military would be I want to go to this unit. I'm like, I go wherever they tell me. I don't care. I just go, you know, work hard. You sound sounds so cliche, right? Show up, figure out the network, figure out the incentive structure, figure out what's important, and then then exploit and get some work done. So I saw a picture of you when you went to Afghanistan and you had the beard.  You'd never want to go to Washington, D.C. if you're a field soldier. It's just kind of one of those things. But ultimately, you're going to go to Washington, D.C. My wife loves Washington, D.C. So I was at that point where I'm like, I'm not getting a field assignment. Those days are over. You know, it's like kind of like, OK, it's a good run, but you're now going to have to go learn about the enterprise. That's what they call an enterprise assignment and ended up in Washington, D.C. in a policy shop. Not against my will.  on there and I checked, I was like, oh, I had no idea that in the Pentagon, I always thought like everybody was just a uniform person. I had no idea there was a civilian side, Office of the Secretary of Defense civilian oversight, and then you have the uniform services, the Joint Staff and the Army Navy Air Force Marines, now SpaceCom, pretty cool, Space Force. So I had no idea. And so I walked in there, completely, completely in a fight going, what did I get myself into? But man, it was like fascinating.  I can do that when I retired. I retired up 27 years in the service. I kind of got out my own terms. I'm like, I'm still healthy. I'm going to go hostage rescue team, FBI. I could do that. And then I saw this video, one of their height videos where this truck, this bread truck comes screaming up to this building. And there are all these hostage rescue team guys on the top of the thing. And they jump onto this roof. And at that point I was like, oh man, my back, I had sympathy pain.  you eventually kind of rise through the ranks and become the acting secretary of defense, which is, you know, one of the highest positions of power and influence within the defense kind of sector. Just saying. Yeah. And so when you step into that role, what are the things that you're thinking about in terms of learning kind of the culture and the objectives, the challenges that you're facing, and then maybe walk us through like,  that's a big deal. And I was selected and was confirmed by the Senate to run, be the director of the National Counterterrorism Center. And a dear friend of mine, Chris Costa shout out, goes, you need to read this book. I'm like, Oh God, I don't know if I can. He gave me the first 90 days, forgot who wrote it. So I got to read this, this is the book, this is your roadmap. And I had always been a little skeptical of some of that stuff because, you know, in the military, they always say, don't do anything for the first 30 days, just learn your organization. I can never do