 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  where'd you grow up and how did you get into business technology and investing? Sure. I was building computers when I was about eight years old. I was born in 1975. So my dad brought home a computer when I was about 82, 83, an IBM PC Jr. And this was really the dawn of personal computing. And I was just hooked. That was my thing all through school. That was the thing that I got taken away from me when I did something bad. So I just became the  computers. It wasn't my thing. My dad was an entrepreneur. So I went into business. I've got a commerce degree at Ryerson University. So I did never want to be the developer, but wanted to be the person that would be working with developers and the problem solver. I mean, my dad instilled in me very early on the asking the why for anything, like, why is it like that? Is there a better way to do things? That just was the nature of him. He's an inventor. He's got a number of patents in the sport.  knowledge from that. Along the way, I started a few different companies. My first business was actually in the 90s doing web design and graphic design with HTML1 when that first came out. But after working for the family business, my dad decided to retire and sell the business and I had an opportunity to do something that I wanted to do. And he asked me what I wanted to do. And I said, I want to do something technology focused and something green because this was really the start around 2008, 2007. There was a lot of talk and incentives  time that I realized when government started getting in the way with things and they started instituting a whole bunch of red tape and made it difficult and timely to have to do a lot of the stuff that we needed to do and the market ended up diminishing just because of the interference that came about from that and also working with drillers which are a whole other animal. But in 2011, I decided to sell a couple of properties that I had bought and  studying economics since 2009, a few years, and got down the Austrian rabbit hole of a different way of thinking of economics. And it kind of all culminated when I heard about Bitcoin. And I couldn't utilize the internet when it came about. I was a little too fresh, though. That's when I was going to university. But it really was a perfect storm when I heard about Bitcoin and knew all about decentralized technologies. And it made so much sense in the right way. And I got it right away. And I was up for weeks just devouring and catching up.  interested and excited about a certain theme or technology or idea, then you really become a centre of gravity and things start coming together. So that's really what I'm pretty proud of, was bringing together the community here in Toronto. My first meetup, Vitalik Buterin, showed up and Peter Todd showed up and that was really the genesis of the Toronto scene that started out. So we grew from 10 people to meet up to hundreds to doing conferences.  from what happened in the US. It sparked my brother getting me to look into what money really is. He's like, study the history of money. I started doing that and started understanding things more and came across Peter Schiff. Peter Schiff, predicting the housing crisis, predicted the banking crisis. I started listening to his podcast and it's a funny story. I'd like  did I get into it? Because it just made sense to me. The technology side of it made sense. The economics side of it makes sense. Because I've almost thrown my hands up in the air. I studied economics and new tech and it's like, here's the problem. There's these systems of booms and busts, this inflation, this increasing the money supplies, and the government getting involved in things that lead to trying to pick these winners and losers is really, really, really a problem. But what do you do about it? And that was like the perfect timing to hear about this  and then started in the meetup groups and getting people together, ideas just started flowing and coming in and I started doing a gambling site. So me and my partner, Steve, who I connected with on Reddit back in 2012, he was a developer, I had business ideas. We said, hey, let's do something quick to make some cash and then we can do something more meaningful. So we started up based on what Eric had done with Satoshi Dice, we created a more graphical game  It was those kind of two things that was able to get Ethereum off the ground and get that funded before we ended up selling to the general public and collecting the larger amounts. So when you first see Bitcoin and you start to put some of your own capital in, there's a lot of people who did that and who sold along the way. And they said, hey, I bought it at $10 and went to $20 and they sold and I'm a genius. And then they kind of does what it did. Why keep investing more and more and more?  long holder. I'm not someone that plays the markets. I'm not a trader. I just believe in the fundamentals of it. And I believe if it's not going to be something like Bitcoin, it's going to be something else that's like Bitcoin that's going to be providing the value that people want. And I'm by no means a maximalist of anything. I like choice. I think what people want to use is great. So I'm very inclusive to things and I spread it around with what I'm doing. And if it's something that I believe, then I'll put some money into it. So I just, it's rare, you're right.  I believe it's going to take time, but I'm just, I have no doubts, you know, where I think this is going to head and who knows, you know, necessarily what technologies will be the winners of it. But I just think in general, the tech itself and the idea of empowering people with the tools they need to be in control of their lives is really what made it for me. And that's why I build what I build. And we build interfaces that connect all these technologies and wallets that people can send and receive value. And that's just  and 13 from the gambling site, we realized we had a wall. We, my partner started building wallets, because we realized that's really akin to the browser for the internet is the wallet for crypto. You need that interface that the mass is used and that's what the wallet does. So started building that along the way, Vitalik was helping me out with companies called CryptoKitt at the time. And he was assisting with a few things. And then I got connected with Charles Hoskinson. He was doing the Bitcoin education project back in the day in 2013. And I was doing stuff for the Bitcoin Alliance of Canada.  Shorter to Charles Hoskinson, connected him with Vitalik and then two other people, Mihaly Ali Say, who was Vitalik's partner at Bitcoin magazine and Amir Chetrit. The five of us came together and we became the first five founders and set everything up and got it off the ground. Eventually I added a few more founders in Jeffrey Wilkie and Gavin Wood and Joseph Rubin. And that was the core eight and it was  and you've started getting a lot of attention with it and you had the rest of its history with that. Yeah. And so when you think about kind of the world outside of Bitcoin, right? I think Bitcoin has been covered incredibly well. You've been around literally since the inception of that market. What do you see today as the opportunity there, right? There's a lot of people who say, hey, it's Bitcoin, Bitcoin only, nothing else matters. There's a whole bunch of other people who say, no, this technology, this decentralization idea,  or anything you try to fight, it's a losing battle. So I believe that we've got so many people working on this technology now. I've lost a little bit of my mojo for the space. I think it's in great hands now and it's getting to the point that I would only hope that it would get to. I mean, look what we've got. We've got Tesla putting it. It's really mind blowing. We've thought a few years ago, what's actually happening right now, and I still think it's just the beginning. I think the impact is going to  to do what you should be doing, which is getting ahead of the curve and seeing how you can distinguish yourself from other countries and learning about and educating yourselves. I think that's where countries, and I'm hoping ones that really stand aside are going to do that on the regulatory side. And it's the common stuff about, you know, you're going to shoot yourself in the foot if you try to do things that are going to hinder innovation and the technology. So the countries that do figure this out are going to  and then a number of these other projects have failed, but also there's a ton of projects that have succeeded so far in terms of the price of or the market cap of those networks. What's your evaluation in terms of are we in the first inning? Are we maybe okay? We get some good models now and now we're getting into more of the ability to replicate and keep sustainable networks up. Are we near the finish line and we've done a bunch of innovation and there's not likely much more to come.  this thing. It makes sense to me. We're just so early on and unfortunately, most people, I think, throw their hands up and just don't even get involved because they just don't know what to do and they don't have the trusted sources. The leadership needs to really stand up and be able to have the tools in place for the average person to know where to go because you can just get lost in this stuff. I think most people do. Since the rise over the last couple of months, I see my networks that aren't in the crypto space, hey, I'm hearing about this. What do I do? I don't  I think once the education and the places that people, the average person can go and start utilizing and getting their hands a little very good is when I'm gonna say it's a little probably past the first thing, but I still think it's just, we're just super early on right now and that's okay.  industry just like that. That's something that seems like an outlier. And so how do you see that given you just been around for so long and seeing this play out? Well, there's going to be, it's not going to be the same people that are better than those groups. You're going to have builders, you're going to have people that just bought and held. You're going to have different range of people that are, that are doing different things with that wealth. But it does take some smarts to also have it and hold onto it and get it to where you are. So I'm hoping the majority of those people are going to be the builders, the creators, the problem solvers that can then utilize that capital and much  get into doing bigger things and better things. And I've seen it. I've seen transitions of people where you get to a certain point and say, okay, what am I really doing here? Why am I doing what I'm doing? And figuring out your what, your why, and your how was kind of the biggest thing for me. And I think getting anybody to kind of think about why am I really doing what I'm doing? And what is it that I should be doing? Why am I doing that? And how am I doing that? Those are the three kind of critical questions that get asked, I think.  service to people and that's my why. Then the how is the problem solving and that's what I'm good at and utilizing my formulas to solve problems and that's how I'm going to carry out the be of service thing. I think it's going to be different. It's not the same in our space as it would be in a traditional setting where you're making the wealth but at least for my network it's also about  non-crypto assets, crypto assets, and then also inside of crypto, any breakdown between Bitcoin, Ether, and everything else. Is there ballpark percentages in terms of how you can structure portfolio? Previously, in 2018, early 2018, where I did most of my investments, I was able to get into some really early Chinese projects like VeChain and Quantum. I was one of the initial investors  that, taking some different approaches in the way that they're doing things, and more to more on the academic side of what he's done and bringing stuff forward. But I'm a real big fan of Gatton Wood and knowing those guys from the days back at Ethereum and knowing their drive and knowing their competitiveness and their smarts, I was able to kind of see those projects in the last few years and know that they were going to get to where they've gotten up to. So most of my stuff is in the top few things, Ether, Bitcoin, Cardano, Polkadot, I like  of the crypto space. And I'm also into sustainable food, grows, a number of different things outside of the crypto space too. And so when you think about the non-crypto side, would you say more of you are also in crypto or not in crypto? Most of my, I'm more crypto now given where the markets have gone, but real estate was for me higher over the last couple of years. I did make some sizable investments in real estate.  in crypto, do they actually want to diversify out of crypto in some cases? And I don't see a pattern yet. It literally is very, very different for different people. And so I'm watching it just because I think it'll be interesting. If you think of traditional investors, 60-40 portfolios, really, really have the standard for a long time. Does that happen in crypto? Is there some sort of, whether it is a portfolio construction among the top assets or some sort of commonality between non-crypto and crypto type portfolios?  now. I think Ether's going to hit its high in the next 12 months, 18 months. If I had that liquidity, I would have put it all in the crypto back then. I did make those picks back then, but I didn't. And now it's gone up. And I'm like, I'll just leave my real estate alone right now. That can do anything. But there's no set thing. Whatever the gut feeling is to me, and I just feel we're just still so early on with this here, that it would be silly for me sometimes to not move stuff more in the crypto if I feel like it's going to have a much higher return  we were starting Ethereum, so Bitcoin Decentral one lasted a few months because then I got rid of Bitcoin and just called it Decentral because I kind of covered everything. Decentral has been around since 2014. Amalgamated a bunch of my companies into one in 2017, but our main product is Jax Liberty. Jax is a wallet that multi-currency, multi-platform interface that supports about 12 main net coins, a bunch of different tokens.  It enables me to not have to focus on investors as well and things. So it's enabled me to really be more flexible and to do things at the pace I want. And we identified early on all the things the internet needed, the new decentralized world was going to need. So it needed a browser, which was the internet needed, needed Netscape, it needed the first initial browsers, it needed cloud services. So the tools that connect to the chains, it needs partnerships and app stores.  and over the years, it's garnered quite a bit of trust. We're in 220 plus countries because we don't hold customer funds. We don't have the regulatory burdens of a normal company would in having to do KYC and AML for their users because we just don't actually hold your money. So we never take in custodianship. And then we use partners to facilitate all services. So we're a very small lean team of just a few people. We've had millions of people download our products over the years. And now we're just starting in the growth mode.  even 7,000 new users a day. There's billions of dollars being managed in JAX that our users are managing right now themselves, not with us holding it, but they've pulled it. And now I think the sky's the limit once we start working with our external teams on growth, on getting all our data and acquisition information put together, PR, all that stuff's now coming together. And I think people are going to start seeing us more as we finally now can feel comfortable enough transitioning into, telling our users now,  to grow and scale it and getting it. It's a tool I believe that the average person can utilize to get into the space. And I think those are the tools that are needed. Yeah. And so when you think about kind of the use case for this, right? If you were able to build this all in one ecosystem where people come in, they can buy, they can store, they can kind of use the assets, what's the 20 year vision, right? In terms of if you own the deposit, if you own kind of the payment,  The idea that I've always had for the product and for the company was to, again, be the browser, be the cloud services, be everything that you need in one interface that the masses can use. But it also leaves us as well because people can always take their keys and go into another platform. And that's part of what we built too, because we wouldn't want anybody just to have to rely on us too. So that's another kind of ethos of the company is to make sure that it survives ourselves too. But the vision I did have was to have thousands  as identity communication and money. Those are really the three pillars we've built on. And that's what we offer. And that's where I believe everybody should be in control of those things. We don't collect user information, but we believe that should be held by the user, not us. We don't do advertising. There's no revenue streams there that are directing people down a path to buy something, which I think is one of the biggest problems the world has with technology and these models of making money or leading to this degradation of  and helping others and being of service to others. And that'll get you what you want, not the other way around. So that's where my mind goes. But as the company, and as I would love to see Jack's me, is the go-to place that empowers people to be in control of their digital lives. That's what we build. Your money, communication, and your identity should be in your hands. And you decide how that gets you to lives. And not be other people making money on it.  month, you have these investors that have put their faith and money into you and they're expecting and you're obligated to provide them a return. Along the way, a lot of companies, their initial goals and motives and what they wanted to do ends up getting passed aside because now they have to do what's maximising towards their showers. That's where I think they start disluding others from the equation and stakeholders that you end up turning into enemies or they start  maximizing returns for shareholders or not based on advertising models. Because I recognize those are faulty models that are going to lead to situations like we see now. We see the models of the Facebooks, the Googles, and I don't want to single the lines. It's just that's what they know. That's what they've only known. They've known I collect, I have information or I sell to advertisers and now I'm beholden to them and I have to give them returns. So I need to direct our customers to do these things that appease these people.  this dedicated enough to understand that they're being led down something that has a different motive there. And that frustrates me because it's taking advantage of people that don't know any better. And this is leading to not just a problem with people's information getting exposed and the models of the hacks that come about from centralized systems that are storing massive amounts of people information and credit card numbers. But what's even worse than that is the zombie-like system  And there's a solution to it, I believe, which is to showcase that the more energy and the more people we can get towards creating and being of service and creating positive results for more people, the more you can spearhead movements towards identifying stakeholders and creating wins for stakeholders by problem solving and thinking beyond the normal models. That's how you create movements. And those that bring people together and those that showcase that if I'm helping and being of service to others,  done it and why are these people unhappy with this? Well, they're not happy because you're discluiting them, you're not figuring out how to create win-win-win-win-win for everybody. I spent a few years building a problem-solving model that I'm hoping I can spearhead this change towards this shift towards creating compounding impact. By doing that, you will get the returns that you want and your shareholders want by becoming a brand or an icon that is helping others. That's how I think we  what the idea is, but if you're running a business today, what is like the practical application of it or what can you do today to start moving in that direction? So for me, it all comes back to my formulas, solve problems. And though the formulas that I have kind of, they are unique. They bring in stakeholders that you wouldn't even think would be in your problem. It tries to add as many stakeholders as possible. And then it works. And I use my ability  and solving. And if you can utilize this model to solve problems, like I've utilized them in the past, it's going to give you and your company an opportunity to figure out how to create wins for more people than you would ever think you could. So it's a lot of people are maybe operating at a 20% formula that they're using, but they're just excluding 80% of the stakeholders that we should be able to bring into the mix and create wins for. So a lot of companies just don't have the brain power and problems on the capabilities to do that. They know the models that they know, they just don't have the skill set and the tools  tools that people can put together that I think I've tried to put together over the years. And then if I can bring in others that I know in my network, so the social capital that I have, to be able to descend on a problem and showcase new ways of doing things. So preliminary right now, I think it'd be difficult for an entity to switch or to say here, I understand what you're saying, but how do I, I need that plan in that path. That's what I'm developing first. And that's the first thing I'm going to come out as a paper on, on perfect formula and how the problem solving metric can be utilized so that you can  and the different things of a problem solving formula. But right now, I'd say one thing, it's try to figure how you can add as many stakeholders to your problem as possible and figure out a way to create wins for those stakeholders. Because the more people you add and the more people you're creating wins for, the more people will be on your side. So if you are a brand or a company, it's how are you creating positive impact in your users' lives? Or how are you attracting new people because you're solving their problems? Everybody's got a problem. Everybody has a problem and is looking for a guide  I don't know, that's a hard one. My mission right now is again, to be of service to people and I'm utilizing perfect formula to do that. That's my problem solving capabilities to be as service to as many people as I can is what I'm doing. I think the incentive structures are the biggest problem the world has. And I think if I could be known for a person that is able to showcase the people, there's a better way of doing things. There's a better way to be incentivized, not just by web.  teams, the people who kind of have control, power and influence, but how do everyday people kind of participate alongside these same ethos? I think constantly learning, constantly just have that drive for knowledge, connecting with people. There's kind of two different classes I see. There's the people that are understanding that they need to get