 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video. Some more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  Bitcoin.  in right now.  First thing to really note is that the macro backdrop that has kind of taken place over the last, I guess you could say since 2008 with quantitative easing, liquidity being inserted through the fixed income market and interest rates being driven to pretty much zero. And now we're starting to see a little bit of UBI. This isn't sustainable forever. And in my opinion, Bitcoin kind of is the solution to that problem.  monetary incentive through the price going up is there, they'll find new ways to produce more gold, and that will drive the price of gold back to its mean. And so for Bitcoin, the idea that there's this fixed supply is really just kind of a revolutionary idea in financial markets that there's finally a constant. In other disciplines, even like, for example, physics, you have a constant of the speed of light, and we don't have any kind of constant like that in finance.  with cryptography. And then in 2013, you had Mt. Gox and the aftermath of the compromise of that exchange. And then in 2017, it was really retail driven. And you can kind of see that on chain where coins on exchanges was steadily going up with price throughout that time. And then in this recent cycle, what really differentiates it for me is the fact that coins are being pulled off exchanges. And you can see that on chain by looking at kind of this dramatic slope  publicly and said that they've started accumulating. And the third driver, I think, of the coins being pulled off exchanges is this concept that's been made popularized by Preston Pish and Plan B. And that's this whole concept of over collateralization and people taking advantage of arbitrage spreads through the difference between spot price and the futures price that's trading at a premium. So right now, I don't have it in front of me, but if you  and they may be doing that through the futures market. The other thing as well is it's really easy to get leverage through the futures markets. Those are the two reasons that I think, whether it's one or the other or a combination of the two, that's driving this premium in the futures price. And so people are looking to capture these arbitrage spreads on an annualized basis. On an annualized basis, they're trading at like 14, 15% right now. And when they go to capture these spreads, they have to lock up  to who's borrowing them. And they turn the collateral into Bitcoin to be held in escrow until the borrower is able to pay off the loan. And so what this is essentially doing is it's locking up more coins out of supply than would have naturally taken place through the natural supply having, if you will. And I think those three factors between people just flat out understanding cold storage and having an importance on that,  especially last year. And I think that's kind of indirectly related to the fact that people are getting behind via the inflationary monetary policy that's going on. And they don't understand why they're fed up with the system. They know something's wrong, but they don't know exactly what it is. A lot of people point fingers at capitalism. But in my opinion, what it really is, is the inflationary monetary policy and the amount of money printing that the Fed's doing. If you don't own an asset, then you can't get ahead.  Bitcoin would kind of introduce this new Renaissance is that in the current environment, there's a lot of people that are just getting destroyed and they're behind. And if you think about it, they're running on this hamster wheel and everything, the world is expanding around them and it's becoming more and more out of reach because everything around them is becoming more expensive. And under a Bitcoin standard, people who own Bitcoin and just hold Bitcoin, it's the complete opposite. Over the past 10 years, everything's become a lot cheaper for people that hold Bitcoin.  Yeah, sure. So it's a couple different things that I kind of put together in that piece. The first one was just obviously what we just talked about, the global macro backdrop of money printing and infinite QE and now we're seeing UBI. And the other two things are what we had mentioned about the over collateralization, which is kind of accelerating the rate of coins being pulled off exchanges. And the third thing I touched on in that piece was the speculative attack, which was made popular by Pierre Richard. And that idea is basically that you're  which is Bitcoin.  going  anything like that, but we've never seen that with a monetary number attached to it. So I think that's why people are really taken back by Bitcoin's price movement. But these four year halving cycles will continue and they'll persist until the year 2140. And so essentially, if you can think of it like a battering ram and it's continuing to bang against the legacy financial system until at some point it's going to break through. And so there's that aspect of it. And then in addition, right now, like I had mentioned, the  discount rate. And right now, that discount rate for the 10 years, I think it's right around hovering around 1.5%. And if the market starts to identify these Bitcoin yields, which are blowing out to 10%, 15% plus potentially, then you're going to see a stock market, for example, just as a round number, if they blow out to 20%, you're going to need to see PE ratios go well under 5. And right now, the average PE ratio of the  go even lower than five to maybe two or three if we start to see these yields blow out to 20 plus percent. Absolutely. And one of the things that's really fascinating to me is this last article that you wrote, Contango and over collateralization, right? We're talking a lot about risk here. We're talking a lot about the financial performance of other assets, but there's things specifically within the Bitcoin market that are unique and worth paying attention to. So explain Contango and explain the over collateralization. Yeah, sure. So as we kind of touched on earlier,  more. These spreads get even fatter and it becomes even more desirable for different fixed income investors that are currently dealing with near negative yielding instruments right now. And so as these yields continue to grow, you'll see more people stepping in to capture those spreads and more coins being over collateralized. And so it's just accelerating this rate of coins being pulled off of supply. And so that's the idea of Contango that  Is this a super cycle that everyone keeps talking about and we're seeing, you know, $500,000, a million in US dollar kind of exchange value? Is it no, it's like more like a 150, 200. I don't care about the price prediction necessarily as much as just like help people understand as that supply and really it's the addressable supply, right? Kind of the available supply continues to trend down. What happens to the price? Yeah, I mean, that's a good question. I would hate not to own Bitcoin.  that, but man, I would be terrified not to own some Bitcoin right now.  And so really what you're talking about is 40% of that 18.6 million Bitcoin that are in circulation are kind of available for purchase, but even those are quickly being eaten into. People are taking those offline as well, right? So you're basically talking about this like 40% addressable supply that is decreasing. And yet at the same time that the available supply is decreasing, the demand is increasing. And so naturally what you get is you get this like squeeze, right?  Bitcoin has 200% risk-adjusted returns annually. You don't care about it going down 20%. You can see this on chain as well. If you look at coins that are held in holders from the last six months, last year, they kind of sold into this recent dip. They might've got freaked out and sold in. But when you look at addresses that have been holding coins since 2015 and further back, they're continuing to  It's very easy to say, hey, this thing's wild. It's volatile. It goes up, it goes down. I don't know what's going on. It's a scam. It's a Ponzi scheme. It's worthless. Name your kind of fud of choice. And it ultimately just goes back to education, right? They're just not educated on the topic to the level of information that you and I are. So I guess my big question is just like, where do you get your information? How do you stay educated? And then what is your process for taking those inputs and kind of the consumption  gotten the chance to be able to reach out to just slide in people's DMs and you'd be surprised how many people are willing to respond and willing to help you out and answer questions. So I think when you're really obsessed with something, learning really doesn't feel like learning. It just kind of feels like fun to you. And the further you start to go into this thing, Bitcoiners kind of call it the rabbit hole, but the further you go, the faster you begin to kind of be interested in it and it kind of compounds on itself the rate at which you  I think the one that everybody's familiar with is Robert Breedlove. He's brilliant. But some of Robert's articles are 20, 30 minute long reads. And for people that are coming into the space and these kind of philosophical comparisons that Robert's making Bitcoin to, comparing Bitcoin to, they're not good for entry level Bitcoiners that are coming in or Lynn Alden, who just put out two brilliant articles yesterday. These are all kind of higher level articles and reads for people  it really helps me formulate my own thoughts. I would consider myself more of a slow thinker. I can kind of sit down and really soak everything in and then I'll sit down for like an hour and then things will come to me over time rather than just thinking of things on the fly. So that as well, I think I'm much better at articulating things when I'm writing and taking time to kind of think my thought process out. So it's beneficial for me in that aspect as well.  They were kind of the ones that originally brought me in and kind of recognized me. And so I owe a great deal of recognition to them for kind of giving me an opportunity to begin writing. And then that kind of led the way for Bitcoin Magazine to bring me on their team as well. Awesome. I asked the same three questions to everyone before you could ask me one to finish up. The first is, what is the most important book you've ever read?  or two great suggestions. Now we just got to get Ray to buy some Bitcoin. But I think he might be. He's been awfully quiet about it. So I don't know. He's getting closer. He's getting closer for sure. It's amazing when you read his book, you know, he highlights everything extremely well. You know, Ray understands these things better than anybody, but he thinks that the WAN will be the new reserve currency. So I think he's got everything down pat, except for that. He'll come around soon.  sleeping much, you know, it's getting maybe four or five hours a night. But now that I'm home due to COVID and because I can't really do anything here and there's not much going on, I've been I've been getting my hours and I've been getting seven, eight hours a day. So what I have been feeling a lot better getting more sleep. So it's definitely been something that I'm going to keep in my habits moving forward. Yeah, it's crazy to me how well you can go from basically school and then you go back home, right. And every college kid in America pretty much is sitting at home.  that there hasn't, that hasn't, the combinations haven't come together to make another life form somewhere else in the giant universe that we have. Absolutely. I completely agree. All right. You can ask me one question to wrap us up. What you got for me? What would you ask your 18 or I'm sorry, what would you say to your 18 year old self? Go bigger. Just that's it. Just go bigger. No fucking fear. And I think that at 18, you're always kind of trying to figure out how do I,  and kind of dream bigger. And I think that when you do that, you're going to put the same effort into it, and you just get a bigger reward if you're successful. Keep that in mind moving forward, man. Thanks. Absolutely. All right. Well, listen, you're doing a fantastic job. Keep it up. I really want to make sure that people kind of understood your viewpoint and highly suggest everyone to go read every time you put something out. It's always enjoyable to read. So keep up the great work, and we'll do this again in the future. Thanks a lot, Pomp. It was super fun.