 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  and how the artist can make more money and how great this is for artists. But obviously there's another side of the market in the art investor. And so let's maybe start at the top with just the macro argument for like why people should be looking at art in general, you know, whether it's physical art or digital art. What is your kind of thought process around that argument? I mean, we tell investors to think about this asset class as it's one of the oldest asset classes. Sotheby's and Christie's have been around 250 years. But historically, it's only been limited  that just hasn't been possible. Yeah. And so when you start to dig in, let's start with the kind of traditional art market. I talked a little bit about the outperformance of the stock market. How does that market look, including the securitizations that you guys are doing today? Are there limitations by country, by kind of wealth status, accreditation? Just what does that look like at the moment? I mean, most investment grade paintings are in excess of probably a million dollars in purchase price, right?  through something like Masterworks. Basically anyone with a hundred bucks, $25,000, whatever it is, they can come in and they can actually participate in these traditional pieces. And really your guys' goal is to not only get access up and kind of reduce friction, but also too, I know that you guys had this Banksy piece that you sold and there was a pretty nice return there. Just walk through maybe like that as an example as to how Masterworks works itself works. Yeah, so basically we go out, we buy a great painting and in that case a Banksy painting,  really takes a while to generate returns. But we also have secondary markets for people who are not trading shares and great paintings. So that's an alternative for people that can't wait the full time. For sure. And what are you seeing in the traditional art market around prices, given the macro environment, kind of all the quantitative easing? Are prices going up as more and more people look for store value assets? I mean, it's a great question. So we, I mean, historically, we've always talked about ours and asset class as just an outperforming asset class. Like in general, again, for art created after World War II,  I think in December of 2020, where Citi analyzed the correlation between real interest rates and art prices. And not surprisingly, as interest rates go down, you see our prices go up. So it's a conversation that we have with investors every single day. There's tons of interest in art as an inflation hedge, for lack of a better term, right now. I am not going to be surprised if you told me there was a big overlap between people who believe they're macroeconomists and art investors.  everyone's gone through, which is like, what is going on to kind of trying to rationalize it in our own head? You know, when the Bipul thing first happened to be totally transparent. I mean, I was having conversations with lots of friends where I thought it was just this price fixing thing, right? Like someone was pretending to buy this digital work of art for $70 million. You know, Bipul is actually being paid $69.9 million in a back room to try to, you know, create this market for digital art. But after talking to Christie's and the people that worked there,  we're really interested in this blue chip segment of the market, which outperforms the S&P, has low loss rates. That's a great allocation for our portfolio, but how do we get access to stuff that's more speculative? And I think this is an interesting way for investors to speculate in the art market, which hasn't frankly been available before. There's never been a segment of the art market that you can make returns like you've seen with NFTs. I mean, I think that also comes with a lot of risk. And I don't know how to think about these prices and everything right now,  Yeah, with one exception. So we do know, I mean, I know of two very well known artists right now who, you know, I can't say their names, but they're working on NFTs. So there's artists themselves have clearly woken up to what's going on. I think collectors are still divided, right? Like the people that are investing in or buying NFTs are not the same people they're investing in or buying blue chip arts. I think those are two different universes. Maybe those Venn diagrams  And you know, if we go back to basic fundamentals of how markets are created and how markets are sustained, all markets have to have some sort of framework in which they operate. I was actually having this conversation with our general counsel earlier. And the art market, there's a clear understanding between institutions and collectors around what's important, what's historically significant, which artists did what things first.  you can argue that in different ways. And is that precedent for the artist and for future prices of the artist? We see this with lots of artists, right? There's tons of artists that we see in the art market all the time that go from very unknown artists to having, I wouldn't say a $70 million sale, but maybe a $1 million sale. And then everyone's asking, is this now a million dollar artist? So that's not uncommon. I just think the magnitude of the  in the two different segments, primary market, which is where artists are painting new paintings and selling them through galleries and the money goes back to the artist. In the secondary market where paintings are resold over time between multiple collectors, generally in the secondary market, most of these artists have long track records. So you're analyzing similar paintings that have sold historically, how prices have increased over time. And with certain artists like Boscat, for example, Boscat's prices shockingly have gone up roughly 18% a year for a  global is the demand for that artist. You know, but it's hard to apply that definition of cultural significance to what we're seeing in the NFT space. Yeah. If you had to make a guess as to how the cultural significance can be applied, like that filter that perspective, where would you start with the NFTs? Is it just trying to figure out like who owns this artist who's promoted them? What podcasts have they done? Like, just how would you try to figure that out?  But yeah, I think since this art is digital and really all of the transactions are digital, you sort of have to redefine what is cultural significance. Yeah. And it also feels like in the traditional world, a lot of the data points that you described in terms of where they've been exhibited, what institutions are collecting, that all seems to be very kind of analog world, right? Which would make sense for traditional art in kind of the analog world. Before we started, we were talking about what some folks are doing in the NFT space.  you mentioned one which is digital museums, which I hadn't heard of that one. I think that's super interesting. The other is just how do you have devices actually display NFTs in homes so people can, outside of a laptop, kind of consume the art. The other thing that I've wondered a lot about is how do artists copyrights work with NFTs or do they work with NFTs? I think that's really interesting, right? Like the idea that maybe anyone could consume an NFT if there is a fee. Is there some sort of  and then what you're thinking about in this kind of digital art market. Yeah, so many people don't realize this, but if we buy a painting at Masterworks, let's say we buy a $25 million Basquiat, we don't actually own the copyright to that painting that's owned by the Artist Foundation. So independent of ownership, the copyright is something that's separate and distinct. So how copyrights have been licensed historically and how that whole industry works is pretty antiquated.  that they'll get a royalty stream, right? Kind of a 10 or 20% on each future sale of their piece. And so copyright may be kind of intertwined in that in some way. Maybe it's a little different than it is in the traditional market, but it's a way for them to at least monetize much better to the secondary market than they have as a way today. Yeah, yeah, I think that's right. The other thing that we've just been thinking a lot about relative to NFTs is this, I think it's almost theoretical,  bad examples, but B or C examples, but the B or C examples are selling for $20 million, $30 million, $40 million, because if you want a Jackson Pollock drip painting, that's all that's left. So I do think what's happened here is digital art combined with blockchain has created this element of scarcity, which is really interesting. And historically, that's what's driven art prices as well. Yeah. And I guess the big piece that people don't understand also at the traditional art market is kind of the appraisal process.  a mortgage on a house. So art is the exact same. You go to major appraisal firms that appraise paintings and they appraise paintings because for most of these great artists, they're similar paintings that are selling reasonably frequently, they call it at least once a year, and they can kind of look at the trends and those prices of similar paintings over time and arrive at a value. You know, with NFTs, I don't know how that works, right, because you have such a short time period, there really isn't a history of comparables to  painting, but you never have 30. So I mean, the depth of bidding for that work in general is super interesting and does indicate that there's real value there, at least at a minimum of those 30 people. Yeah. And when you think about that, I don't want to ask you to speculate too much, but just why do you think it brought so many more people than, you know, kind of traditionally it would? Is it just, it's the first one. And so naturally people all want to kind of be a part of it or is there some other reason? I think it's the first one.  or not. When you think about masterworks in the business today, obviously, there is a ton of interest that has kind of increased because of the macro environment and asset inflation, and the desire to use that sort of value through art. Are you also seeing or feeling any kind of increase in just traditional art because of NFTs, like almost like a Streisand effect, where people are talking more and more about art in general, and so it's also bleeding into the traditional market? Yeah, I mean, you know, it's interesting. I mean, our membership team  Yeah. And then we've talked a lot about traditional art and I think for most of this, we've been kind of referring to physical paintings or other types of art. What about sculptures? You've got a great piece there kind of over your head, but how do you think that is affected? Is that a lot of the same things that you see with paintings or any specific differences that are worth calling out? You know, so generally speaking, at least in a traditional art sense, the most investible segment of art from a medium perspective,  You know, you think about an artist like Picasso, I use this stat a lot where a lot of people will say, you know, I own a Picasso, I have a Picasso. Picasso created 60,000 objects in his lifetime. You know, there's a whole bunch of bad Picasso out there. There's a very narrow amount of good Picasso, which is super rare and continues to appreciate really rapidly. But there's a lot that's just not as important.  years painting the painting, that was one of his masterpieces that was recognized in his lifetime. So it really depends on the artist and the work, but usually they're really great masterworks. They were recognized in their lifetime as a masterwork. They spent years on them. Very different than like a napkin drawing that he might otherwise do. That makes sense. What's been the most shocking thing you've seen in the NFT so far? Because I know you're paying attention. I know you're trying to figure it out alongside  you know, my independent of art, I'm going to have been starting technology companies for 20 years and my passion, you know, before art is really tech. And I think a lot of these technologies tend to kind of emerge, have a lot of hype, attract a lot of early adopters, die off for five or 10 years, then all of a sudden there's a resurgence and you know, there starts to become mainstream adoption. So I do think that could be the case here, right? Like we could be in the ultra hype phase, which is bringing in a lot of early adopters. Startups will start, they'll raise money,  I mean, our business is just exploding. So last year we raised over a hundred million dollars this year. We're on track to raise three or 400 million, maybe more. There is huge interest in general, I think, just because most investors have totally exited fixed income. They're sitting on a bunch of cash. They're concerned about inflation. They're interested in real assets generally, but what are real assets? I mean, I guess real assets are real estate.  buying directly into these vehicles for their own funds or themselves. So also we have my questions is how much of its retail versus some of the institutional type investors. And it sounds like you guys have really kind of cracked into the institutional world, but also still have a lot of retail usage. Yeah, I mean, I would say that today, 95% is retail. I think by the end of this year, 70% will be retail, 60% will be retail. Like we're seeing we're seeing managed money, broadly speaking, coming into these vehicles much faster than anticipated for  Yeah, I mean, we're so you know, we're a regulated business. So all of our all of our offerings are filed with the SEC is public offerings or sales team is regulated by FINRA or marketing today is only only within the US. So we're only marketing to US investors that that doesn't mean that we don't support international investors. I think 15% of the investor base is international now, but we're not we're not really reaching out to anyone outside of the US. So the demand today that we have is primarily from from US in terms of demographics.  And then last question for you is on the NFT side, is there anything that you've seen outside of Beeple that's really kind of caught your attention and you're spending a lot of time on whether it's an artist, a specific type of sale or drop or anything? I mean, we are, I can't, I can't unfortunately talk about any of them because they're with a couple of well-known artists who want to keep it quiet. But I mean, most of the activity that we're getting are from artists that we sell on the platform or artists who we're friendly with that are interested in NFTs. They're not sure  I feel like the one that gets me is NBA Top Shot, right? It's like the art of, you know, it's a digital version of the art market, but owning the LeBron layup from the random game on Wednesday night in the third quarter, that's the one I probably don't understand. I know, I kind of, I feel like for the first time ever, I think you and I are old. I don't know when that happened, but it happened at some point. So, all right, well, we're going to meet up in our digital museums one day and look at all of our digital  We've done it once before. We will definitely do it again. So just keep it up. And I'm a big fan and best of luck. Thanks. Good to see you.