 Hey guys, what's up? I'm so excited for you to watch this interview. Before we get into this interview, I want to talk about our sponsor Prime XBT. If you're trading Bitcoin, you got to be using Prime XBT. Not only do they have global markets available to anyone, but they also have great execution, low fees, and an amazing user interface. The best part about Prime XBT is that you can also follow some of the best traders in the world. You go on, you find someone who you think is smart, and you can literally just follow their trades when they execute something.  enjoy this one. All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Jordy here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. I appreciate you inviting me, Anthony. Thanks for sure. Let's just start with your background. You run a very large hedge fund today, but how did you get your career started and then what were the steps you took before you got here? My background started at Morgan Stanley right out of college, but  traditional path to Wall Street, which was really focused on just my love of risk, reward and probabilities. And so when I went through school, I didn't particularly embrace school, but I made it through for my family. And then when I got the job at Morgan Stanley, it was in kind of the controllers and risk management area. And I had the luxury of being able to build some risk systems as my first job. And that  become more important today, even in the developed world, where maybe in the 90s, the developed worlds were the stable place. I think over the course of the last 10 years, really since the great financial crisis, we've seen a shift. And so I think my background just in terms of derivatives, emerging markets, believing that not only do tails occur more than the statistics would argue, but also that when they do occur, if you're in a position beforehand to not get emotional,  and they try to use emerging markets as kind of evidence, whether it's for or against any specific kind of topic, but it seems like emerging markets just serve right now as kind of a historical example in some cases. And so maybe just unpack a little bit more about what that experience in emerging markets was and kind of what some of your takeaways were, I actually spent so much time there. Yeah, it's a good question. So I lived in Brazil from,  where they are both from an interest rate and inflation perspective. And if you think about Brazil as an example, when I had my first Portuguese lesson, I remember we spent almost the entire time when we got to the history of Brazil, almost all of it was on the currencies, just because they had had so many in such a short amount of time. But the recognition for me was I'm in a completely different place than the United States and the financial situation for the country having just come out of hyperinflation.  look like. And now we've got rates at insanely low levels relative to where they were when I was there. Inflation has been under much better control. The biggest change right now for me and where emerging markets have a sweet spot in terms of where I think people should view them, not where they are right now during COVID, but where they will be five years from now, is this whole concept of leapfrogging. And they get the benefit of not having invested a tremendous amount of technology. They have people that are being educated  technology there, the leapfrogging is going to be a major story over the next five years. And I'm sure with your knowledge on the crypto side, Brazil, Argentina, all of these countries are heavily involved on the crypto side. And I think a lot of that has to do with the governments and the way that they've not trusted them in the past. So it's giving them a strength and a populist movement in those countries that again, takes a long time to represent itself in the capital markets. But it's one of the places that I have a very, very strong opinion of going forward that they will be a big  and really kind of in a very historic way, we've seen both positive and negative, right? So kind of historic levels of unemployment, historic levels of quantitative easing, historic kind of emergency rate cuts down to zero, just so many different things that have happened that just hadn't happened before. What's your evaluation of kind of what's happened over the last nine or 10 months and then like where we stand today from a macro kind of evaluation? One of the things I think to say right off the bat,  and you have $25,000 in art, and then you have $25,000 in the bank, if you had $100,000 in the bank, you obviously can immediately go out and spend $100,000. The other one, you have to go through a bunch of inertia to get the money to be able to go spend. And the reason I bring that up is that's the way I viewed the difference in March and April of this year and continue now is that it's not just $4 trillion. It is the fact that we are handing checks to people. And this is a major difference than what had happened to where  those checks now. And so the first part is for people when they think about last year in hindsight, I don't think enough people grassed on the fact that we were handing people money. And that meant it would be spent. The second thing was because we shut everything down, everyone in the world has excess expenses, and nothing makes you realize you've been overspending on things you don't need to spend on, meaning a restaurant, a bottle of wine, anything is a lot more expensive if you go out and get it than if you stay at home and you order it in.  that's very different than what we've seen. So some people call it modern monetary theory. I don't want to label it because I think the reality is just like when they change rules in sports and want to get more points on the board, which every sports team has done to keep them interactive. I think between what's happening in Reddit and the amount of money sloshing around the system, we've just increased the speed of this game dramatically. And that means you have to adapt significantly in the macro economy.  from that activity of actually giving money directly to people versus maybe something that's somewhere else in the economy? There's a lot of differences that happen when you hand out money. I don't think we've seen the full impact. And what I mean by that is we're continuing to give people money. And remember, COVID is still going on. It's just not happening. We're not shutting down everything in the system and people have gotten used to being at home. But my strongest belief for the next six months is people are underestimating  everyone, but they're the across economy is driven dollars that's sitting i not about any one group or any out of work. So when I ta is kind of it puts everyon think the amount of dollar sitting on is going to be sp way. It has clearly hel you've had this move away from involves a lot of things w  continue. And when you buy things outside the house, it means you're probably going to go buy cars at the same time. We ended up with rates at historically low levels. So it's a very combustible situation. So it's not just the money printing, it's the low rates that are associated with it too. And the fact that we're going to have this grand reopening in about three months that regardless, I think of where COVID is in the US, I think people have already proven that they're ready to spend money. It's just a reflection of getting through the winter time at this point. Yeah, I think that your  changed after that as well. And I think we all know the winners and losers. So post-great financial crisis, we've seen six companies in the United States of America, Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Google, Tesla, Microsoft, and some other one, I guess I'm forgetting. Their total market cap as of today is $8.3 trillion. The growth we've seen and the dominance by six companies to be that big, those six companies  hear things about wealth taxes. Well, wealth taxes impact people that own a lot of stocks. And those six companies, if you go through a lot of the owners, and I won't pick out their names, but they have lots of money. And so if you put a wealth tax, it's not good for those stocks. At the same time, we're seeing the Reddit community rev up and have an impact. And the impact is having on the bottom name. So I just gave you a stat on the S&P 1500 for the last, or yeah, for the market cap. So far this year, I went through this today. The S&P  the smaller groups and I think that is going to continue and that's a change. So one of the reasons is because the millennials took over the baby boomers as the biggest group for demographic in the United States. It's not just that fact, but I think everyone knows that every day and if they don't know, there's about 5,000 baby boomers who die every day. The wealth transfer that's expected to occur over the next 30 years is the numbers I've read are up to $70 trillion. But there is money being transferred every day from a past  repercussions, we will never have the relationship that we had with China. So the divorce has occurred. And when you build all of your inputs in both labor and getting cheaper goods over there, and now you're saying you have to redeploy the supply chains all around the globe, that has an input on costs. It just does. Secondly, you had the printing that went on an enormous amount of money to offset the slowdown. And then for COVID, COVID is impacting the supply side because  So the demand side keeps moving fast, but the supply side has been impacted both by the trade war and the COVID situation. So I think people are underestimating the inflation side. I can't think of a more combustible situation than all of those happening at the same time. So when people refute inflation or they say it's not going to come, I think the mistake will be for people that we haven't had enough investment on the input cost side of commodities over the last 10 years, primarily because of again, ESG and the market.  up, talk through a little bit of just what is your expectation, fully understanding this complex system, literally facts change on a day-to-day basis. As we stand right now, where do you expect the inflation to show up and how severe will it be? That's the first time someone's asked a question like that. It is the way it should always be with inflation. In fact, someone asked me the question on inflation. I said, when you listen to the recaps in the morning of what happened in sports the night before,  the one and a half to two and a quarter percent range for basically my entire career in this industry. Very seldom will you find a more stable thing than the PCE core. And I think that has everything to do with the technological influences that have been going on since really the personal home computer entered it and we started going through it. And I am a deflationist at heart. I believe technology will continue to keep inflation in check. But when you're defining inflation, I do think we're going to have commodity inflation. I do think we're going to have  between headline inflation and PCE core. Core inflation will have trouble going up too much. I do think it'll get up to probably the highest levels we've seen in some time. But my guess is 3% would be the highest that we could see on that. And then headline inflation, I think we will see 5.5% to 6% by the time we get through the end of the summer. I think that's going to be the peak of this. But then at that point, as has been the case with Silicon Valley, any place where there's any kind of margins in anything, there will be people coming with technology  some theories would be stick to precious metals, real estate, Bitcoin, many others. How do you just think about portfolios and capital flows? If people do buy into the inflation narrative, what should they be doing or how are you thinking about it? Let's start with an important dynamic to start off, which is there's very few bonds existing on the planet that are yielding more than 2%. The bulk of them from the last chance I saw  There's one place where I differ with most strategists and most people I talk to is the assumption that if we get inflation in the US, and that's one thing I want to emphasize. When I'm talking about inflation, I think this is going to be very, very specific and localized to the United States. We'll obviously see it in some other places, but I think the biggest story will be the United States having inflation because we've printed the most money, we've given the most in checks to people, and we have a consumer-based economy,  The big theme for me again is what I started to say, which is we've had a market driven by very few names creating the performance. And I think this is going to be much more geared towards the smaller cap and micro cap securities, partly because of, like I said, on the buy side, these community of people that love buying these securities. Second thing is that we've beaten these down. A lot of them are in the financial space, the energy space, the material space, places that have been hurt for the last 10 years.  And so that kind of creates a lift to those as well. And so I think for the next at least couple of years, it's gonna be about small caps and micro caps. A lot of securities will double. That's not surprising coming out of a recession like this, but I think people are gonna look there more for alpha. In terms of themes, aside from kind of the rise of the small caps, I'm big into believing that one thing COVID did was through these vaccines is open up the next few years and thinking about  with this trade war, you're having being forced to be more localized. And so there should be massive investments in 3D printing. And so I think you're going to start to see a lot of those companies. And some of those have been beaten down and are micro cap stocks. Some of them are up big this year. So those would be kind of the themes that I think coming out of here. And then for the crypto side, I do think the world is changing. And I'm just going to, you know, I'm going to kind of give you my conversations with this. Bitcoin is  in Bitcoin as well. Bitcoin is also, it's part of a technology ecosystem which you can't ignore. It is a better medium of exchange than gold. I've already seen it in coffee shops and stuff on the West Coast. I've never seen gold accepted in coffee shops. So as a medium of exchange, as a technology, and just as an emerging one, if you believe in decentralized finance, if you believe in any of these parts of the ecosystem regarding the blockchain, I think Bitcoin has become the dominant  Bitcoin. How do you think about some of the other elements? As a hedge fund manager, you've got to balance between what I'll call the old world and the new world, not necessarily because the old world is bad, but just like you can go buy a stock, you can go buy a bunch of commodities, you can buy some crypto assets. How do you just think about where you spend your time? Maybe not so much moving capital, but are you spending 50% of your time in the legacy world, 50% in the new world? Is it 75, 25?  the time is infusing the firm with technology that is specifically meant to help me make better decisions. So I'm a money ball freak. I believe you cannot make decisions without a combination of intuition and experience combined with analytics. And you have to measure biases to be able to do that. So a lot of people, particularly running companies, I think in this day, if they're not using technology, they're leveraging too much experience. And that experience assumes that the data you have in the past is representative of what the future is going to look like.  that are managing money for us more directly, those people I mentioned, that's kind of the business side. The people that are managing the money, we've tried to give them technology to help them understand their biases. So I think I mentioned to you before we started to speak just briefly that I think of our firm as combining an approach which uses poker to kind of figure out behavioral decision making and try to make sure the people that we have fit the macro environment that we're going to be in. And where that fits in is through turnover. So turnover of a  fast the volume as the market would be. If you just sit in something, that's not what we do for a living. We actually want to take advantage of things like last week, be able to provide liquidity into those situations if we don't think they're going to continue. I did a webinar last week where I talked about the fact that it wasn't systemic to me and that it was an isolated event to the way some people manage money. We take a different approach to managing money. We do not have concentration. We have diversification in the fact that we have a lot of securities in the poor  Before we go to the rapid fire questions to finish up, I want to ask one question, which I'm always fascinated by, especially people with macro backgrounds. What's been the most surprising thing, the thing you least expected that happened over the last kind of nine to 12 months? All right, I'm honestly going to answer this with something that is, you could have said the last nine or 10 days. So I grew up in emerging markets, which means those tales  I never thought you would see something where the market was unchanged and we would have those kinds of losses in established funds with a lot of assets. As much as COVID was a shock, we all knew that a pandemic was part of the distribution of outcomes. We may not have envisioned it shutting down the entire world, but if you go back and look at all the documentaries done over the last 10 years, they pretty much called what would happen. If there was a pandemic, meaning we'd have to shut everything down and people wouldn't be able to go and everything that they said would happen did happen.  What is the thing that you're doing differently now after that's happened? Is there anything? I was on a call today and in our morning meeting, which we have every day, I highlighted to our teams that they really need to be wary of any short positions they have on any of these microcap securities. And if they like securities that are on the smaller side, I think this is the beginning of a long-term trend. I mean, I could take you through a bunch of data  we're going. So I think it's mainly the thing we're talking about the most internally is this situation with the small caps. And then I'll just reiterate it again, which is I think the inflation side coming out of this, without COVID, I don't think we would have had, there's no way we would have had as big an inflation, because you needed that printing of money, the stimulus checks being handed to people, along with people being shut in their house, saving money by not spending. And then at the flip side, having this trade war that was existing and COVID preventing the supply  The Art of Learning by Josh Waitskin. I included it in the paper I wrote at the end of the year. But I think I've always been someone interested in the brain and the way people think. Once I started to meditate, I think I started to appreciate the powers of the brain a little bit more in terms of what's important about being calm, that you make your worst decisions when you're emotional. But I think what Josh was able to do was just show that if you really want to be great at anything,  But also I think for all of us we're trying to you want a constant pursuit of happiness and I think that book Led me to ways that I can be more happy in life, too Yeah, that's a great answer Second question is a little bit more personal. It's brought to you by our friends who write eat sleep They've got a thermoregulation bed that basically makes it super cold I used to be one of these guys who didn't sleep at all and now I'm like a religious eight-hour sleeper. What's your sleep schedule? Are you? Five six hours or you eight or nine hours? How do you think about that?  So, you know, I heard a lot, I read a lot from people on sleeping and that was my one little thing was if I consistently went to sleep right around the same time, that was when I had the best sleep scores, even if I didn't get the right amount of sleep that people would go, but six and a half is my, is my, my normal sleep pattern. I'm jealous. Do you, if you're well rested after six and a half, you're, you're saving 90 minutes at the rest of us. Last question is a little bit more fun. Aliens.  that I make an answer to, I know there's a good chance that whatever answer I say is wrong. And so if you go through life that way, if it's anywhere in the 30 to 60% range, I'm indifferent. It's just art to me. It's a flip of a coin. I don't care. It's when we get into the tales where like if I say 100%, which I did, absolutes are not my game in distribution, but I'm 100% certain that we are not the only creatures in the galaxies around us that exist. So  getting outside and trying to get a walk in. I don't know if it's just the kind of science behind just literally walking and what it does to your brain and your ability to think or what it is, but that's been something that's just kind of been a routine that I make sure that I do every day and seems to be pretty effective. So I keep doing it. Great. So, Jordan, listen, thank you so much for taking the time to do this. Where can we send people to find you on the internet or find more about some of the work you're doing, white paper,