 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  I will have them each introduce themselves as they start to talk, but maybe we'll start with Josh. If you can kind of introduce yourself a little bit and then give us some background in terms of your involvement with Astra and what that is and kind of how you got into wanting to build an education company. Sure. Yeah. 2014 Elon Musk approached me to start a school for his kids and a few others at SpaceX. So that school became at Astra school and ever in that school for six years.  around the world and we just started talking about like what else could be scaled through Ad Astra and that became synthesis. Very cool. And then Chrisman, maybe you can introduce yourself and then explain when you first saw Ad Astra and the course that our class has now become synthesis, kind of what did you see? Why did it stick out to you? Why did you want to go work on it? Yeah. Yeah. So my name's Chrisman Frank. I'm the co-founder and CEO. Before starting synthesis,  We can all kind of see the results in the schools. So the CEO there and I, we went down to visit at Astra. And actually by this point, I was kind of burned out on seeing schools. I felt like I'd kind of seen everything. I'd seen all the fancy schools in the Bay Area and like a lot of other places in the country. I've seen top public schools, top private schools. And honestly, like just nothing was strictly innovative or impressive. So going down to visit Elon school,  was everything was different. And mine was just like spinning from everything I saw when I was touring there. And the moment that really stuck with me was we were out for like recess slash lunch. And I was just hanging out with some of the teachers and there were these kids that were like, they were still inside and they were around a table just like shouting at each other, but shouting these like really complex sounding arguments. And I was like, what is going on in there? And one of the teachers was like, oh yeah, it's a synthesis  I think if he gets out in the world and he comes up against people that are trained this way, he doesn't stand a chance. So how do I get him in here? And Josh is like, you can get a job as a rocket engineer at SpaceX, and then you've got maybe a one in a hundred chance of getting your kid in here. And then that was kind of like all my options at the time. So we sort of over the next couple of years, Josh and I got to be friends and just talked a bunch more, worked on some stuff at ClassDojo, and eventually decided the  Sure. I mean, I think just most simply, he wanted a better school for his kids. You know, I think it was just really that. And, you know, for a parent, regardless of what type of school your kids are going to, if you feel like your kids aren't being served, I mean, not many people have the ability to just like ask them what they want to start a school. And for me, it was like a dream come true. It was like, well, yeah, of course. Right. He invited me to come to SpaceX and was like, you know, have you ever been here before? And I was like, well, no, sorry. Let me just let me walk you around. And, you know, I tried not to ask a stupid question.  So in that amount of time, I'd kind of convinced myself that I had like hallucinated the whole thing and, you know, you know, kind of like an opportunity missed. And then, you know, I was like, oh, you know, I got super busy. Just, yeah, like, let's definitely do this. I'll, you know, let's figure out like the next steps. So really in terms of like guidance, it was just like, make it great, you know, like first principles approach, like what are the things that are going to be most like meaningful to kids or kind of experiences do they need to have? And then how can we, you know, like just, you know,  was actually for like the private schools because those schools are not needing to follow the mandates of the state or having to sort of make all these compromises at scale. Like these schools are these like lush, beautiful campuses with like largely affluent kids who are not, you know, I don't know that the experiences they're having are like not that interesting. Like they're just, their classes aren't that fascinating. Like the challenges problems are working on aren't that compelling. So for me, it was like, well, how can I design really engaging, challenging problems and give us a students at a really young age  that money, like how would you allocate the money and like make a justification for why? Just like simple stuff like that. And then, you know, building like simulations basically where you could like look at the effects of gerrymandering or the effects of redlining or, you know, you could have, you know, like figure out like how NASA should allocate its budget. So it started in that sort of way. And conundrum, Sustainment Class Dojo was more of like an outgrowth of those, the choices between seemingly equivalent options. And then synthesis evolved to be more like games, basically, like  So, you know, it was difficult to get more teachers, more administrators in the school. So we had to, you know, always run it lean. And I think that's right. And in doing so, you know, brought in like just some really talented people. But for me, it always felt like if you're going to have someone like at that time, Chris, and many other educators and people who are like coming at Astra, hoping to see something different, that it was like imperative that I show them that something that I had built or someone at the school had built that could convey a different type of educational experience.  and like learn the lessons from it over and over again. And that's like, it just kind of blows my mind to be honest. Absolutely. And Ana, so maybe introduce yourself and kind of talk a little bit about as you come from more of a traditional teaching background, kind of the issues that you had seen with many young kids who didn't have the Ad Astra experience and kind of what was the frustrating part for you on that front? Yeah. So I'm Ana Fabrega. I'm a former elementary school teacher. I left the classroom about a year and a half ago for the same reason.  things and they're very hungry and they want to learn. But we just cram them with all this work that's very meaningless and we're just, you know, for so many hours we're with them in school and we're really not training them for the kind of future that they want to live and the kinds of jobs that they want to have in the future and they talk about this. So I just grew very discontent and I quickly realized that I was going to be able, you know, I wasn't going to be able to do a lot within this system. So I left and I turned to the internet and I started sort of writing online and building  not really tools that are helping kids learn. So the outcomes are pretty much the same. You're just sort of adding things to the same old structure. And to me, that's not really fixing the core problem, which is that kids don't understand the purpose of why they're going to school, the things that they're learning, they're not engaged, and they're really not doing meaningful things in school. And all this innovation wasn't really fixing that. Until I spoke to Chris Mann, when he was still working at ClostoGent, and then he started telling  doing what most of the people trying to innovate do, which is, okay, what can we add? Let's continue grabbing what's already been done and making it a little bit better. They were like, no, let's just rethink education from first principles, which essentially means like, you know, going back to like the fundamental truth. What do we know is true about how kids learn? Like really focusing on that. What do we know about the kinds of jobs that they're going to have in the future? What kind of skills can we help them develop since they're young for the creator economy, for like all these things, right? So they really focused on that.  we're building this with the kids, right? And with the feedback of the families that we have and not really like looking at what other people are doing or basing off the things that have always been done, right? We just want to do something that, you know, that works. So that's sort of. And so when I look at kind of the team, you guys have assembled, it's a very unique kind of set of experiences of a skill sets. Chris would maybe describe a little bit just when you think of the product, how exactly does the product work and what is kind of the,  to  you've had in school or anything education related, what you're going to learn to do here is become a world-class problem solver so you can build, you know, we want you to build cool things. We want you to make the world better, build flying cars, build jet packs, you know, give us clean energy. Like, dude, you're going to work your way up to doing these kind of things. And the way you're going to do it is the way it's going to be done in the world is no one's going to be able to really tell you the rules or like how it works or tell you if you have the right answer or even if there is the right answer. So that's what we're going to do here.  what they're going to do. And then and then the game starts and it's just, you know, try to try to win. And then after the game, we we do like a debrief. So we talk about, you know, what you've learned, what you figured out, what kind of course corrections you want to make and then and then go back and do it again. And, you know, the idea is that the games get sorry, one sec. The idea is that the games get more complex. We're going to have to do a little edit there.  on your own. So yeah, that's kind of the core of it. Josh, explain a little bit why it's so important to go through this experience with peers or other kids. Why not just have it as kind of a single player type experience, but rather have it as a multiplayer experience? Yeah, it's a great question. Just having to navigate the dynamics of a team. And I think I just came from a class at Astronova  they're playing a game called art for all where they're like eating to curate like different works of art and put them together by harmony and take them to different cities for attendance and profit and all this, all this, all these different dynamics. But what's so interesting when kids have to collaborate is that like, you know, by default, some kids are basically not speaking. They don't feel comfortable participating in like a traditional way, especially in a Zoom room. And there are others that de facto just sort of assume responsibility. They've not been elected. They just sort of decide that they are like they are the ones take control. And I just felt like in most  Or to question the assumptions that were made within the group of, oh, I'm in control because I'm loudest basically, or I'm most aggressive, or whatever that may be. So for me, the collaborative piece was always the greatest challenge to unravel, was how to make sure that your team operates efficaciously. So yeah, there's the context of the game, whether it's art or you're deciding on these fishing routes and an Arctic where the ice is melting. There's all this complexity that people think is just part of the game design, which it is. But the real complexity is navigating  You can just like hit pause or, or look at the video and reflection and say like, Hey, like what's going on here? Like why, why do you not think that you accomplished your goal? Like what role did you play within this team? And are you playing the same role over and over again? Is it because you want to play that role or someone assigned you that role? Or, you know, you, you just didn't feel like there's any other role that you could play. So it's just that, that meta piece of like really thinking about how you feel in a team, what you are contributing or not able to contribute it. And then like, how can we remove those barriers so that you can sort of be your.  would be sort of would marvel at the fact that younger students can handle this so well. Like I've confidently believe that our strongest synthesis cohorts would be nearly any collection of adults in these games, at least to start. And that is not necessarily because they're, you know, they have less experience or less wise, but because their team just operates more effectively, they communicate better. They're more honest about what they know and what they don't know, where all the ego of adults and all the, you know, the jostling for position  Well, are they struggling with maybe concepts they don't understand? Just what has been your experience in those breakout rooms as to the conversation? Yeah, so I actually want to mention two things. So first to answer your question, one of the things that I find really unique about synthesis is the way that it helps kids find their unique voice. And this is something that, you know, as a teacher, and I taught in many different schools and attended to many different schools, you don't see like there's little opportunity for kids to really like,  understand how top level decisions are made, right? So kids in synthesis, what you notice is that they get to contribute to consequential decision making, but in a way that feels authentic to them, right? So sometimes they're leading, sometimes they're disagreeing. Sometimes, you know, they're like, Josh was talking about like the different roles, but what really, what, you know, you sometimes see at the beginning, kids that are not, you know, they're not used to speaking so much or having to sort of like take the lead. And then suddenly they see like, oh my gosh, and I know I, you know, this is part  But as kids go from one session to the other, you start to see them evolve, whether it is taking a step back or sort of like jumping in. And that has been incredible. And then the other thing I wanted to mention was one of the most unique things about synthesis that again, I hadn't seen anywhere in any other learning experience is the way that we engage students. So a lot of the problem in education is that we're going through an engagement crisis. Teachers don't even know what to do anymore to get kids to pay attention.  things unpredictable and pushing kids to a certain extent to be vulnerable in the simulations. And what I mean by that is, like we understand that kids, you know, in school, a lot of what happens is we water things down, we make things easier or more predictable to sort of, because it's more manageable, right? It's easier to grade and it's easier. We think that, you know, kids are just kids. That, there are two problems with that. Like that's not the real world, right? Our real world is very complex and very unpredictable. So we're sort of like doing a disservice by sort of watering things down and making them less complex, but also  that they're meeting from different countries and all. So it's just really different, right? Like, you know, a lot of educators don't think that that's sort of like the magic pill to make kids like want to learn and want to come back by making things challenging and complex and unpredictable. So I don't know if Josh, you wanted to like talk about that, but I just think that's genius, that's fascinating. And it works really well. Yeah, I mean, you want kids to like feel like you want it like to feel what it's like to solve a difficult problem. You want to like feel what it's like to like experience  does not mean that they had a winning strategy over time. Right? There are like all of these things that I think the students are needing to like, at least in this, I see them unlearning and learning in like a more like authentic, genuine way because they know that, yeah, maybe like things kind of fell their way, but that strategy over time will probably not be successful or a strategy that is the dominant strategy for that moment might not be the overall dominant strategy. Other teams will see what they've done and emulated and then they need to figure something else out. And then I think the final piece, which has been mentioned before is like students as collaborators,  I just started generating more and more of what I would create. Because at the very least, even if it was flawed, it's like I put time and effort into this and I structured the problems in such a way that I think will be engaging and enriching and worthwhile, basically. And there's nothing more worthwhile than giving students a meaningful experience and then giving them the space to reflect on that experience and to talk about it and make sense of it. Because sense making is the most important thing. Making sense of the world for all of us is the most important thing.  to be drawn to this versus the types of parents who just aren't as bought into the idea of non-traditional education, if you will. But then also, what are the things that parents care about or what are the things that they're evaluating the program on in terms of once they actually do start to put their kid through it, are they expecting overnight for there to be improvement? Is it something that they kind of buy into and they believe they need to be a big part of? Do they just trust you and the software and the program to be successful?  are not willing to just kind of trust their child's future to the school, whether it's public school or like an elite private school, there's something that they feel like is missing. Then to get to the second part of your question, kind of like how involved are the parents? Definitely it varies. We've started doing this thing now where we run the simulations for the parents. It's probably the best kind of marketing, sales,  they'll win or they'll lose, but they will see kind of like the reality of the experience. Like what Josh said, it's like there's, we are teaching like some knowledge about the world. Like we teach these like mental models, like these concepts that come up across domains, right? But it's not like you're reading it out of a book, like you're living it and then we're giving you like tools to make sense of your experience. And so like when parents experience that, they're like, oh, wow.  of the idea that two things really, one, it's irrelevant and two, the speed limit. If you're bored or unchallenged at school, they feel like synthesis is, we've had a lot of interest from the gifted community because they want things that are just going to push their kids as much as possible. Yeah. It seems like there's a pretty significant correlation between, hey, school is boring or monotonous in some sense, also adults  have this and I've got to ask and any of the three of you can answer but have you guys put adults into the simulation with kids and had either the adults win or lose but but has there been a comparison yet? Adults lose every time. I've done it. Yeah, I did it art for all. Berkeley thing, right? And I did it with I did it. Yeah, we did it at Astronova. We had Astronova kids play with Berkeley engineering graduate students and it was humbling to the students for sure.  trajectory as a team. And if you are expecting kind of like a, you know, all right, we're getting in teams, we're going to just kind of collaborate on this problem, you know, we're going to talk through which of these 20 items will help us survive, you know, our plane crash in the desert, is it the mirror or the parachute or, you know, that kind of stuff. It's just a totally different world. And it's, you know, it's just it's amazing also to see. Yeah, it's really cool also to see students like the confidence, right, the confidence of like, I can  We all wish that we had more of that time as kids. As adults, there's nothing better than working on a highly functioning team with people that are committed and dedicated to what they're working on. SpaceX's success is not, I mean, everyone is committed to going to Mars. That's why everyone is aligned in that way. So yeah.  what these children end up going and doing? Is it a failure if they end up just being a middle manager accountant somewhere? Is the expectation that they're going to go on to be entrepreneurs and engineers? How do you guys just think about this as a starting point, obviously, for a child from an education and professional sense? If you look at it that way, what's the expectation of them as they grow?  like the idea here is, you know, solving complex problems as a team, that is the world's most valuable skill. That's what makes Elon the wealthiest man and got him all these fans because people realize that skill is what moves civilization forward as well. And so to the extent that there's some general ability to get better at problem solving, we want to cultivate that and make your child as skilled there as possible. And then who knows what they're going to do.  who start in their 20s, but that's, you know, when it comes to like innovation, that's people mostly don't start on anything like that until they're in their 20s. They're done with college. Like what if you start kids thinking that way at like age seven and they get this kind of rigorous program from age seven to 14. Now they're at 14. They've got the base that, you know, very few 35 or 40 year olds have. Now what are they going to do? They're going to build on top of that and do things that we can't imagine. That's what I'm really excited about. I just, I just want to see. So I do think these,  And that's why we talk a lot about mental models, which is a way to help have this frames of reference for difficult moments and to make better decisions and wiser decisions. Kids don't really learn this in school. The decisions that kids make in school are very school setting oriented and very simple and just not transferable to real life. So even if we have all kinds of different kids, some of them are going to go ahead and create amazing things. And those tend to be the ones that are really obsessed with synthesis. And they go the extra mile.  that learning can be enjoyable, right? So many of them joined thinking, okay, so this is a science class or a space class. Some of them say, because they hear this from parents. Others go, okay, this is a game. But then by session two or three, they realized, wait, this seems like a game, but this is not like a video game. Like there's definitely something here where I'm like, you know, there's more than that. And they realized that they're learning, but they're learning in a fun way. And I think that that's so powerful because that's what kids have mostly lost in school settings, in traditional school settings.  that most mimics kind of what goes on at SpaceX and the way that Elon thinks. I just think you just need like really flexible, flexibly minded people that are, have like a great grounding in like, what is the problem you're trying to solve and what are, you know, what are like the steps to get there and what are the course corrections you're going to make along the way as things are inevitably going to go awry or going like different than you originally imagined. So I think like for me, it's just,  Like we, like you could, you know, one of the challenges in the game, like art for all is like, when you're trying to put together works of art that have harmony, how, like what's the way that we like, you know, organize these works of art. And like, there's like code that like students can find that can like help them better understand how like you could do harmony really well. It's just like one way that you could approach the problem. So it's like, there's always like kind of this mystery to synthesis because ultimately like the student themselves is responsible along with their team to try to figure out how it works. And when you don't start with it in school,  things I think is actually really unique too is like rather than spend like a year designing a simulation like for some of our leading cohorts they like our beta testing like we are like working on this game together we are making changes like outwardly and we are just like trying to try new configurations and part of that is that students design their own maps right they design their own decks of cards for a game like art for all where they're putting together like you know collections of art so if you really believe in students as collaborators hey back to your original question like that every single person has a role to play  harmony is as it relates to the game, which is like one of the most complicated things to figure out. So I just love when we think of things that are just like preset, structured, linear, like that there's just that openness with like one really ambitious goal. And I feel like SpaceX and the other companies are that way. You know, you're trying to like truly change the world and you know, whether or not we get there or not, I think we're showing how, you know, time can be spent in super meaningful