 Hey guys, what's up? I'm so excited for you to watch this interview before we get into this interview. I want to talk about our sponsor Prime XBT. If you're trading Bitcoin, you got to be using Prime XBT. Not only do they have global markets available to anyone, but they also have great execution, low fees, and an amazing user interface. The best part about Prime XBT is that you can also follow some of the best traders in the world. You go on, you find someone who you think is smart and you can literally just follow their trades when they execute something.  Enjoy this one.  happened. And a lot of the the theories that I have relate to the fact that a lot of the talent is no longer going into the bureaucracy. If you look at post-World War II, we had a society where everyone served. Public service was part of the conversation. Everyone had served in the military and that changed in 1973 with the change in constriction. And I do think that that has had a huge impact on how our elites, how people who go to college, which also became something that a lot of people did after  technology, healthcare, these are areas where all of the innovation is coming from Silicon Valley and technology. It's not coming from policymakers. There hasn't been an innovative policy in any of these sectors in a very long time. If we do have legislation that somehow passes, despite the gridlock in Washington, none of it is really innovative and sometimes it gets reversed. So there's all of these questions about if we're thinking about where are we actually solving problems in society, a lot of our best and brightest talent is coming to Silicon Valley and they're building companies that go against  it's better to do it thu can go down the list of a departments that exist, department of education. All that are happening in edu from founders. And that's w to me. But I think it's a change in Silicon are really trying to solv So why do you think Silicon of winning that war for t  you know, in World War II, or if you had gone to Yale or Harvard, you were expected that kind of the idea of what it means to be a good citizen is to serve in some way. And it used to be that we served through military service. And I think that changed, that definitely shifted. And we became this culture that was incredibly focused on, you know, like the financialization of the culture made us incredibly focused on finance in many ways. And what's really interesting over the last 15 years, I would say, just looking at the data is that  I can go to Silicon Valley with my friends, build something that's controversial, that's contrarian, that's really cool, but I believe in solving this mission. Nine times out of 10, I think the most ambitious, smartest people are going to be doing that. And so you do see this sort of kind of migration that's happened. And I actually think the social network, the film that came out in 2010 is actually one of the kind of cultural moments where people realized, wow, like there is a reason to come out and build technology companies. And that sort of brought the normies with it.  by celebrities, the founders and the companies that were built, you change the narrative. And the second that that becomes kind of culturally relevant and aspirational. Now all of a sudden you can bring the norm, you can bring people. And really that's what if you look at content and kind of Hollywood, et cetera, Wall Street was in the eighties and nineties, right? And now all of a sudden it's kind of shifted to Silicon Valley. When you think through this, so that shifting capital, both intellectual and financial has set up this like shadow  United Fruit was a fruit company based in New Orleans that was basically running most of Central America. It was the big industry of the time. The founder happened to live in New Orleans and so, or not the founder, actually the CEO, happened to live in New Orleans and that's where he wanted to to headquarter the company. And he was running the postal service of Nicaragua. And so when you think about examples like that, it's like, okay, there are companies that have run governments before.  What I think is really different about Silicon Valley acting as a shadow capital is that the technology coupled with this capital issue allows individual companies to grow massive to the point where they can replace or supplement a department in government. I point to the example of Uber and Lyft, which has completely changed how we think about public transport. The Department of Transportation, probably the only thing they are thinking about is why cities across America are losing extraordinary amounts of revenue to companies  bureaucratic function of government, a department of government, and that makes people nervous. And so when that happens, is that an argument for actually we should have a really, really small government, we should outsource kind of all these functions to private companies? Or is it actually good to have government trying to accomplish it, even if they're ineffective and kind of bloated and bureaucratic, because it gives the private company something to almost compete with, right? Like it's almost to some degree, the competition breeds the innovation.  a lot of the functions that need to be done. We outsource manufacturing tanks and battleships to five prime contractors. And so that is important, I think, from the types of technologies that cannot be built by government need to be built by a third party, by a commercial sector. And I think one of the greatest misconceptions of government when it's looking at software is that it thinks it can build software, but it actually can't.  private sector to do it? Or do we think that there's examples where the government actually has driven true innovation? So there's, I mean, there's definitely examples throughout history where the government has driven true, true innovation. And I think, you know, the government tends to, I mean, I'd say the research labs, which are a very important function in government, like, like do do bleeding edge work. I mean, DARPA has, has done incredible work in terms of pushing the boundaries of science. And I think like that is an important function of government. It is hard to turn those technology, you know, like the technology  private sector should completely supplant like the way that government functions. I think as a partnership, it actually does work, but the times have changed. So a lot of the ways that government works with the commercial sector, particularly around issues of procurement, they were built for a totally different era pre-software. They were built pre-internet. And so the idea that government understands how to build a company or how to build an important technology that can be used to solve a business need,  the cultural problem is that if you've only ever worked in policy, you don't understand the pace at which things can be built by a motivated team with technology and capital.  and vice versa, that people who are lifetime bureaucrats and people who run for office have some experience in business and particularly in technology. So they understand the pace at which things are done, other ways to solve problems. I mean, when we talk about building a company, it really is solving a problem. And so Washington and Silicon Valley have the exact same aims of how do we solve problems to benefit the most people, but they're doing it in different ways. So it actually makes perfect sense that you would  could put a founder leadership in jail, they could shut down servers, they could kind of, you know, if they really didn't like what somebody was doing, they could obviously or they felt it was threatening, they had kind of, you know, a response to that. And so the first question is just like, you know, who's actually more powerful today, Silicon Valley or Washington. And I think it's almost like, based on topic, you may get a different answer there, which scares some people and other people just think it's kind of the the foregone conclusion. But then too, it leads into this kind of second order effect. Well, if that ends up being this case,  I almost call it establishment versus anti-establishment. And, you know, Washington is definitely, you know, governments are part of traditional establishments, but there's other parts of those establishments. There's, you know, the fourth estate, which is the media. There's institutions like the Roman Catholic Church. There's institutions, you know, that exist far beyond just governmental authorities, but they are establishment authorities. They're university systems. Harvard University is part of the establishment. And then I would actually argue that a lot of companies, no matter what their size are, are anti-establishment.  ways and they're doing it to solve a specific policy problem that government was supposed to solve, but just hasn't gotten around to solving or hasn't figured out a way to solve it effectively. And so, you know, those companies, I would say, are they more powerful than the Department of Education? Like, likely no, but they're actually effective in a way that the Department of Education is not being effective. You know, when you look at, say, you know, the New York Times versus Substack, I would say, like, Substack has emerged as one of the most important companies in that it is aggregating extraordinary  like it's hard to say something is more powerful given that a lot of these institutions have been entrenched in society, but the fact that there are companies that have been around for only a few years that are solving problems more effectively and becoming so important in our daily life, that shows that technology can move faster. And it's a perfect example of sort of this shadow capital mentality, which is that people who are motivated to solve a specific problem can solve it much quicker outside of the institutions than inside them.  rather than saying we're just gonna go build an anti-establishment media company in a traditional sense, is very different than what the New York Times and other kind of legacy companies have done. Now, there may be coexistence of those two models, but as we know from the Silicon Valley kind of playbook, the platform play can be much more scalable, can be much faster growing, it's much harder to kind of compete with. And if you get some level of network effect, whether it's a true network effect or something that looks like it, it's just really, really hard to unseat that. And so is it, when we talk about technology,  that it was the worst culture shock that I'd ever had in my life. It felt like I was on a totally different planet. And some people take to that, I completely took to it. I was like, I finally met the culture that I want to be a part of, but it took a while to learn. It took a while to learn the cultural cues. It took a while to understand, oh, you don't have to ask for permission. Oh, there's no governing authority here. Oh, people don't really care where you went to school or who your parents are. No, people don't ask those things. There's other things that are very important  to meetings with generals. And what's great is the DOJ loves it. I've never met anyone who hates that, but it's like, there's sort of this like, wow, like these, there's a dress code difference. There's a difference in how people present themselves for very important meetings. And so my view is that people need to kind of learn about how various cultures work in order to work with them, be effective. If you're running a sales team at a company, you know the culture of your customer and you fit that culture. And I think both Silicon Valley  Oculus and had a huge exit to Facebook and now it's gone into the defense sector. And so maybe just walk through like, why is now the time for a private company to go and do this? Is it just a technology advantage? Is it a speed advantage? Is it actually it's anti-establishment? So therefore they can do things the government can't do. Like why is it now kind of the advantageous time to go pursue this? Yeah, I mean, now is definitely the time, but I can tell you, I wish we did it sooner.  time. They were built to build battleships. Like they are hardware companies that were incredibly necessary, that are part of American history and very important, but they're also massive, massive companies that still to this day get more contracts. And what's interesting is that I was looking back, you know, at the fall of the Berlin Wall after communism, there was a view that these companies were not going to be as important and that new companies would be able to emerge. And there was a huge fear that spending cuts, particularly after the end of the Cold War, were going was going to lead to these companies not succeeding.  And so we've had 30 years where these prime contractors have not been innovating. And that's the same 30 years where the Internet emerged. Like, like what an extraordinary thing to have happen where now we're at near peer status with Russia and China are two adversaries where 30 years ago, Russia was, you know, Russia was coming out of the Soviet Union and China was not nearly as much of the powerhouse that it is today. And so when you look at the fact that we had this technological advantage, you know, we had this  And what's great is that this was something that was recognized as a huge security risk in the Department of Defense. So former Secretary of State Ash Carter under the Obama administration, he was really focused on building up the defense base, really understood that Silicon Valley needed to work with the DOD. And so he put, you know, mechanisms in place to allow for companies to work closer together. But it really wasn't until the first day that the Department of Defense was able to do that.  you know, in some ways it's a huge security risk if we don't continue to support companies that are supporting the Department of Defense.  clubhouse was this idea of we've gone from a game of shooting to a game of information, right? And you kind of hinted at it a little bit earlier. Talk a little bit just about how the private sector can empower the government, or should we actually be saying to the private sector, hey, we are going to empower you to actually go out and do the work itself. So is it more so the private sector kind of provides tools and services to the government, but the government is ultimately the one that's overseeing this and kind of the defense  will always be public se that's something that I thi like when people talk abou you know, humans are still there's a reason for tha make decisions, like ther to be an accountability like that's something tha within the department of the company supporting t that you brought up of, yo bigger and now they're sma really important for peop it's probably one of the  actually want to preserve people's lives. We want to produce civilian casualty and there are ways to do it with information and with technology that defense can actually mean defense. It can mean deterrence through strength. That actually is a relatively new phenomena. And what's amazing about artificial intelligence, what's amazing about what we've been able to do with information is that that it should be the future of warfare. The future of warfare should not be civilian casualty. And so when you when you come at defense technology through that mission, this is a  or anyone in the military is thinking about. And so of course there's going to always be a partnership. These private companies, but I would say these private companies know this and they want to support government, but there is this understanding across the military, across people who are engineers in these companies, that this is the mission that they are working on. And I think that that is, you know, there's a narrative in the media that people don't want to work on defense, people don't want to be associated with it. And when I think people really sit down and see sort of this  the people who are in the military today. Yeah, it is almost one of the most patriotic things that somebody could go do, which somehow has become taboo as well. But I think we'll have a resurgence there. I mentioned Clubhouse, where you had this conversation with Andrew. I know you've got a show with you just called Big Ideas, which is a very creative way to say hey, come pay attention and listen to the people who talk about big ideas. I love it. What is  our first child three months ago. And I found out that I was expecting like the same day that I joined Clubhouse, which I think, and of course the pandemic also happened. So I'm like stuck in my house, you know, like my husband's getting sick of listening to me talk, who am I going to talk to? And so I just like kind of just started hanging out on Clubhouse. And, you know, when I wasn't drinking, obviously, because, you know, like there's like not many ways you can spend time during a pandemic if you're, you know, not able to socialize.  You can't be, you know, like on zoom calls with people like face to face and different things. But I just, so for me, if this has nothing to do with the actual like beauty of the product, I can say a lot more about why I love this product from like an actual investor perspective. But from my personal experience in clubhouse, it's just been the most extraordinary product market fit because, you know, there was this great piece in the Atlantic by a friend of mine named Sophie Gilbert who wrote about the isolation of being in a pandemic, but also the isolation of being a new mother in pandemic where you can feel like you're not  I think the pandemic would have been much more painful. And I've heard that from other users. I don't want this to go away. I love the idea of finishing dinner and getting on Clubhouse and having an amazing conversation with people around the world. So I think it's revolutionary. I've enjoyed it. It's been great for my own personal life. But I'm hoping as we come out of the pandemic that people will still be using it constantly. And I think the beauty of the product, of course, is that we're all  experiences. They don't have to be direct replications of the in-person experience. And actually in some cases, they may be better in the virtual world when they're not directly replicating the real world. And it sounds like that's your experience with the product. Absolutely. And what's interesting is one of my co-hosts for Big Ideas, Antonio Garcia Martinez, has this amazing thesis that he's written about, about how we're moving to an oral tradition as a society. That actually a lot of our products, even Twitter, that they're, even though they seem like text-based products, they're actually much more of an oral tradition and how people  recorded the element of surprise, but also the idea that you can say things that otherwise you'd be no podcasts are great. But as I'm sure you know better than anyone else, people are more guarded on podcasts than they are when they think that they are not being recorded. And so I think that that's part of the magic as well. And I hope that magic stays. It almost feels like on a podcast, in many cases, people feel like they're presenting, right? There's some preparation, they think about what they want to say, they know it's recorded, they know that it will be viewed, it'll kind of exist forever. And therefore,  And so that to me just feels like naturally that's the magic that you, I and others that we know enjoying private conversation and it's now just kind of with a bigger group of people and a virtual experience, right? Yeah, absolutely. And I do think there's also this element of delight that doesn't exist. I mean, the other platforms are so robust and seasoned in many ways that they know exactly what you want to listen to based on your tastes and based on your past history. And that actually has made it harder to discover new things. And so what I love about Clubhouse is  a reporter at the Washington Post. What's your take? It seems like the public narrative is Silicon Valley versus the world, or Silicon Valley versus the press. And it feels like there's platforms like Clubhouse, there's platforms like Substack, Twitter even, where people now can go direct, they can tell their story. They don't necessarily need to go through that same power structure historically, where they would need to press to be the amplification of the message. At the same time,  I've told a lot of my reporter friends this and part of it is because this is what's happening to them. They see an attack on them and so they're writing it. But I actually think it's part of this broader devolution of institutions that we've been talking about. And the elite press is one of those major institutions that is devolving. And it is part of this lack of institutional trust. If you look at Pew Research Forum and a number of incredible studies that have come out in the last few years, it's very clear that Americans  problems, the same sort of trends we're talking about in terms of bifurcation of society, where some people have completely different experiences coming out of elite universities than does the rest of the country. And so there is sort of this hesitation to trust these institutions now. I also think there's a broader issue of transparency. There was this view that the Internet and transparency was going to lead to kind of greater communication from these elite institutions to the people. And what has happened is that there's greater skepticism and that's sort of a natural consequence of  architecture that we are seeing is the sub-stack architecture, which is you are either going to work for an elite institution and be part of the establishment company. The middle has completely bottomed out. There's, you know, even the Miami Herald, which was an amazing paper when I was growing up, is no longer, you know, a paper that people look to as sort of a voice of reason or sort of, you know, something that they're subscribing to. So even like the great papers that existed 30 years ago no longer exist in the same iterations.  and all of these PR people are hitting me up and they're like, hey, we want to pitch you this story, right? With the idea that I'm probably going to be more friendly to a startup than let's say the traditional press. And so it really makes you question like for somebody in my seat who's built the big audience and has the ability to go direct, like, do you want to just replicate the whole media, right? And the kind of the media approach of like, okay, I'm going to report the latest fundraising round or I'm going to report, you know, on whatever the partnership is. And where I came out on it was just like, no,  this idea of a free speech, right? Where there's ideas that we wanna talk about that maybe might be taboo to the mainstream press or actually maybe are overblown or questions that we wanna ask, not because we necessarily are conspiracy theorists or extremists or kind of any of the labels that you'd put on it, but simply because we're trying to understand and are fearful that if you end up labeling certain questions as out of bounds, things you cannot ask, things you cannot talk about, it ends up getting closer and closer  ideas, but that almost feels like that's antithetical to free speech. And so just how do you view this and where are we going with it? You know, I mean, to I mean, the short answer to your question is I would argue that it is antithetical to free speech. But the interesting thing that I think a lot of people have forgotten and haven't lived through and just maybe don't know is that the culture of media that we used to have was far more akin to sub stack than it is to the very unique newspaper culture.  It was we need to have this sort of neutral voice and anyone who's worked in reporting knows that the way that you report a story is you have a lead and then you have a nutcraft and you're supposed to put the most important information in the funnel on the first five inches and we measure how long the story is in inches because it was produced on a paper, not the internet. It's like that is such a backwards way of thinking about things since the emergence of the internet. And so that that to me is what I think people are missing is that a lot of our media culture was there because we were delivering a  neutral.