 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  you know what I did what you told me. Uh-uh, no. I went and called my CFO. All right. And I said, listen, I just talked to this guy, Pop. And I want tomorrow. And I'm going to give you some numbers. I said, I want, I hope I don't get in trouble. I said, I want a half million dollars in this. And you can buy it over a couple of days, but I don't want any longer than that. Cause this guy was the authentic deal. And I had studied it before. It wasn't like I just like, you know, I didn't just fall off the turnip truck, but I said, this guy is compelling. I even used it. And I don't know whether they're doing it.  The most compelling piece of it was how open-minded you were and how it's actually curious you are. And I think that is something that people forget is important in the investing world. So I can yell and scream from the rooftop all I want, but it takes a courage and conviction for you to do something about it. So you look- Well, it comes to studying your work. And look, by the way, I mean, you can say, well, I'm sucking up. I'm not gonna suck it up. I mean, I just had tremendous respect. A lot of what you said to me, I have since, of course, told others. And we're not, you know,  use. It's frankly subject to failing in many cases. Where do you think that's what's going to happen? Do you think that people are going to drop gold and buy Bitcoin or what do you think is going to happen now? If they listen to me, they're going to drop half their gold. I've been saying 10% of gold since 1983. And now I say 5% of gold, 5% Bitcoin. And I did not say that before I talked with you. I had thoroughly researched it. I was skeptical. And the reason I was skeptical is frankly, because I said, you know,  in hearing someone who knows more than you. And you know what, a lot of what you have to do is accept the fact that someone knows more than you. Now, we did in school. It's very funny because you walk into a chemistry class and you know there were guys who were geniuses in chemistry and you're going to get blown out. I walk into a Bitcoin class. What do I think I'm going to know more than the Bitcoin guy? It's no different from a chemistry class, no different from an engineering class. I walked into the POM class. And when I got not schooled but taught by POM, I said, what am I doing not protecting my  it as a medium of exchange, people are using it as store of value, and people are using it as a speculative asset. And those three things serve different use cases for different people. But I think that a currency, obviously, medium of exchange is store of value. It's hard to deny that people are storing value. I think that's pretty well accepted, the digital gold narrative. And then when you look at on-chain transaction volume, in some days now, it's $10, $12, $15 billion in a single 24-hour period of this transaction volume. That's putting it into  And so I think that what we got to figure out here is what's the dominant use case? Are most people speculating? Are most people using it as store value? Are most people using it as medium of exchange? My guess is when you look at the data, 60% of Bitcoin hasn't moved in the last 12 months. So that tells me that the majority is being used as a store of value over everything else today. Now, what happens in the future? We'll find out. But that's how I kind of think about, you know, from a use case perspective, and is it a currency? Is it an asset? Well, technically, it could be both, right? Right.  You trace down a scenario that doesn't stop at 100,000. And a lot of people laugh. And I didn't. It was at 12,000. And I started thinking, I got to get in before it got to 50. And I went home and told my wife, I said, Lisa, I'm doing this thing. And she said, why? And I described her, described her talk. And she goes, you sound mesmerized. I said, no, I sound educated. These are two different things. It's not being mesmerized. It was educated. And the course that you laid out made me think, you know what? It isn't just a current. I bought it as a currency.  with them because they represent the future, but I also recognize they may be doing it for whatever reason. But I can be part of that wave too and not feel that that wave is faultless. It's not faultless speculation, not after the wave that you laid. You laid it out. And I am sure that you can lay it out for just in one minute, you've got to just lay it out again. I know that's a short capsule, probably not fair, but why you know exactly what made me pull the trick. Yeah. I mean, look, it's very simple.  the existing holders don't want to sell. And so, you know, again, 100K, I think is a milestone on a much longer journey, where it goes and on what timeframe, who knows. But I think that it's pretty crazy that, you know, just a couple of months ago, it was 12K and now we're sitting here and it's, you know, 55, $60,000, whatever it is. So, you know, kudos to you. What questions do you have? Let's do questions you have. Well, I did. I suggested that corporate treasurers, which I one time handled 100 million  mitigation. Right. So everyone thinks of Bitcoin and they look at the upside. Oh, how much could it go up in US dollar value? But actually, if you look at it the other way, right, and we could talk about some of the kind of inflation concerns that probably you and I both have, it you start to say, wait a second, the dollar actually may be the riskier asset out of these two. If you look at your bond portfolio, there's not a lot of bonds you can hold right now, they're going to really retain value in the same way. And so I just say to people, look, zoom all the way out, look at a 10 year track record, right? Bitcoin has grown in US  the founders or the CEOs of these businesses happen to be individuals who are forward thinking, who are technology kind of minded, and they see that they're not going to go put 50%, but they're going to put a percentage, whether that's 1% up to, you know, Tesla thinks got 78%. Michael Saylor from MicroStrategies taking a very different approach. He's saying, listen, I'm going to get the market to give me free dollars, right, at 0% interest rates, and I'm going to take that, and I'm going to get the market to give me free dollars, right, at 0% interest rates.  Everyone has a Bitcoin strategy or is trying to figure out what it is. In corporate America with the Treasurrs, what you're about to see is we're probably on the precipice of the transition from contrarian idea to consensus idea. And when that happens, they're going to bring a lot of dollars with them, right? And so I think that you're just going to continue to see this super aggressive upwards price movement over some period of time. Maybe it's three months, six months, nine months, who knows what it is. I'm sure that there will be a blow off top at some point, you know, kind of Q4.  And here's the crazy part that you'll understand that some other listeners may not is Bitcoin is probably the only asset that as it goes up in price, it actually becomes more attractive to the corporations because now it's getting to be big enough where they can actually play in it. And that's a wild concept, right? Because most assets, it's the exact opposite. Yes, that's true. And I think that there's a great miscommunic, there's a, there's another disservice being done to Bitcoin, which is that we hear,  And therefore, I don't think the run is over because we're obviously going to have to print to pay for all the printing. And every time you print to pay for all the printing, it makes Bitcoin worth more. Of course, it is the check to undisciplined monetary policy. Let's talk a little bit about inflation, right? So there's now $6 trillion in quantitative easing that's occurred. We've seen massive kind of lowering of the interest rates to emergency cuts last year to a zero rate  of. And then there's just the you can borrow money for so little if you have a decent balance sheet, only if you have decent balance sheet and go buy things of great value that you're going to keep doing that. And that inflation is very much in play. So I mean, one of the things that I've been doing, my wife is in real estate. I'm not doing stuff. So she said, look, they're giving the money away. Let's just go by. And I think that that is for people who have  that kind of inflation where you're paying 3% interest rates for something that is a tremendous store of value like I think land is or tremendous store of value like I think that I think Bitcoin is, that's inflationary. And that's the kind of inflation that I think makes me want to talk to you because it's inflation that I can do something about. I can't change the price of corn. I can't change it even if oil goes to 4, debit gasoline goes to 4. But I have to take protection. I have to defend. And there are some  What we're essentially watching is a real life economics course, right? Where people are understanding that first, everyone doesn't experience the same level of inflation. The bottom socioeconomic statuses experience higher levels of inflation than the top. And they also experience different types of inflation. So the benefit accrues the top in terms of asset inflation, right? Literally the stock market, gold, Bitcoin, real estate, all that's going through the roof. At the same time, the cost of goods, that is the majority of expenses for the lowest socioeconomic  investable assets, the bottom 45% hold no investable assets. And so that's where you get that bifurcation that continued kind of widening of the wealth inequality gap. And so to me, it's a financial education thing. If we could educate everybody and tell them, hey, invest, don't try to save your way to some sort of financial freedom, but you have to invest, I think we could actually put a dent in the problem. It's just how do you do that in an efficient way? Look, obviously, I'm not denigrating the asset that I talk about all the time, which is  recommended since it was about $10, it's at $500. And one of the things that happened in 2018 was that people use their cards to mine. On the conference call, they talked about how in March, they're going to produce cards that are just for Ethereum mining. So the two questions I have is, one, there are cards, obviously, these are not swappable. You don't just say, oh, I'll do Ethereum, I'll do Bitcoin. And two, why is it in the interest of an Nvidia to do that? And who's buying it?  and so that tends to be kind of where you get the difference. And these businesses are set up to do the GPUs, right? That kind of Holy Grail eventually is going to be that somebody sets up an advanced computing system or a center. And what they say is, hey, I don't care if I'm doing 3D rendering, I don't care if I'm doing some sort of computation for self-driving cars, mining, some sort of cryptocurrency, whatever it is, I just do advanced computing and I have one set of hardware and I can kind of do all of it. I don't know how quick that's gonna happen.  Nvidia and others like it, I think are in a really good spot because they understand hardware, software and advanced computing. And so when you look at the Bitcoin mining businesses, they got to do Bitcoin mining, right? That there's no ability for them to kind of go into the other fields. And so I think that's really where you're seeing a separation between the two different types of hardware really dictate kind of what you can do with that hardware. Well, I mean, should I be buying Ethereum? Look, I think that there's a lot of folks who basically look at Ethereum in a couple of different ways. So first is, it's important to understand Ethereum  Bitcoin network. But they said, hey, this is too difficult. And so we need to go build on something else that has smart contract capabilities, etc. And so now we've ended up in this world where Ethereum, the network was built, and there's all kinds of people building applications and various products and services on top of that network. But also, we now have a lot of smart contract capabilities on top of Bitcoin and other networks as well. And so what you're going to end up seeing is probably coexistence in this world, right? And a lot of people, they want to think that the world  hey, here's the exact technology that's going to be the winner. But I do think that the most interesting part for investors is, look, there's a ton of innovation and experimentation happening all across this ecosystem. And the flood of intellectual capital coming into this from the world's best technologist is undeniable. And so you just got to be in the space, right? You got to have the exposure and you got to start paying attention. You know, it's funny, I posited on one of these days when this GameStop went to 350 that, look, I know that in video  me as like maybe a missed opportunity or maybe there's something I don't know in terms of why they didn't do it. But the second piece of it that I thought was really interesting is if you believe the kind of pitch from the company, my understanding is they want to go from pure, you know, product retailer in a physical presence. They want to get more into gaming, IP. They want to have a subscription product, like all that kind of stuff. That's not really that far. If you got people coming into a physical location, you can now say to them, hey, we know you're into games, but you're also very technical. You're also into kind of the virtual world.  put it far more articulate than I was and have been. But that's what I'm talking about. Make the game about, you know, they get a contest, make there be E gaming, and the winners are paid in a currency that you and I trust. You know, why current steel with worldwide games, and I don't want to mess with dollars. I need something that can store value. It's fairly funny when you look at, you know, I remember once when I was taking economics class at college, they said, Listen,  stuck with. Which brings me to all of the newfound talk about buying things, you know, art with tokens and doing what Musk is doing, getting a discussion going that frankly is happening so quickly. I need your help. I just need your help. What questions do you have about NFTs? Okay, so why do I, when I think about NFTs, why do people talk about expensive sneakers and hard to value art? Why are those the things that people talk about?  you the computer file, you now listen to the music and I listen to music. We both are happy because we get to listen to the song. But I don't know if you got the original or the copy of those files. And so when it's music, who cares? You're listening to the song, I'm listening to the song, all is good. But if all of a sudden that computer file is supposed to represent or does represent money, some sort of scarce art, some sort of digital good, it's really important that you know you got the original and you didn't get the counterfeit. And so that's where  and they've even built real life models of it in a computer, all this stuff. But Eiffel Tower number 001 is really important and we all know where it is and we can go see it and touch it. In the digital world, it's really hard to do that. And so ultimately what these kind of NFTs or digital goods are doing is they're able to prove that if you create something, this is the original, this is number 001. And so ultimately when you can now prove scarcity in a digital world, what do people do? They just look and they say, okay, what's the old  for new types of goods, right? And so, you know, whether it's these kind of virtual museums where you could buy a digital good, you could display it in a virtual museum, and then Jim can go in virtual reality and go actually visit that place. Or what happens if all of a sudden now you look at like the music industry or you look at some sort of sports tickets, those things have a secondary market. And those secondary markets can be really, really high volume. But if I'm a sports team and I sell you,  the key piece for people to understand is like, look, Bitcoin is going to be the global reserve currency. It's going to serve as that kind of world currency you talked about. But people are trying to figure out this technology. What else can I add to it? And I think we got to be careful because just like when there's always this highly innovative disruptive technology, people will take it and they'll use it for good and they'll use it for bad. Right? And a lot of times, it's hard to tell who's who because you got good actors and bad actors all kind of doing similar things. And so I think we want to encourage the innovation when it occurs,  the  completely different things. But what you're starting to see again is you're seeing that when you democratize access and you start to break down that walled garden for markets and you say that people, it doesn't matter if you have a lot of money. It doesn't matter if you're wearing a suit and tie to work every day. Anyone in the world with an internet connection can play the game. You get all kinds of weird stuff. And some people just say, look, I like the stock, as a roaring kitty said. Or you get Elon Musk who thinks that Dogecoin, he just likes it. OK, great.  they say over a long period of time, the market's a weighing machine, right? We're going to end up figuring out what actually has value and what doesn't, but experimentation is important. But I mean, should I be on a stock exchange? I mean, should I be trading sneakers as part of an asset, some sort of store value? I'm not happy, by the way. I know what they could have value. Here's what I would say, right? If you look at a traditional 60-40 global portfolio, I literally think you could take your cash and your bond position and throw it out the window. And so now you've got a bunch of liquidity.  will do. Well, I actually think that every institutional investor in one day is going to be buying alternative assets, but they're going to be buying sports cards. They're going to be buying sneakers. They're going to be buying all this stuff because again, it all comes back to scarcity. And when you live in a world where it is impossible for the Federal Reserve and elected officials to stop devaluing the currency and they have their hands tied behind their backs, they can't raise interest rates. You ultimately are going to have this flight to safety, but safety gets really, really big aperture. There's people are saying, wait a minute, I can't hold  going to have tremendous scarcity value. People couldn't even figure out what it was going to be used for. He had already decided that it was going to have scarcity value. So he buys every refinery in Cleveland. And people don't understand why he's buying any of it, because it makes no sense, because people can't even envision, well, what the hell is he going to do with it? And then, well, what did he did with it was he basically cornered one of the most important markets in the world. But right now, there'd be you and me, which were Rockefeller and Flagler, which was his buddy. And they would be talking.  great because they did not have the creativity that you had to take a look or what Rockefeller had to realize, you know what, this thing may have tremendous, tremendous value. And a lot of people laughed at Rockefeller. He was a kind of a cranky guy, but he had a vision. And it was a vision that this stuff that was in a western part of Pennsylvania where no one was willing to go was worth a great deal. And you know, you and I are talking about this and I do feel like it's Cleveland right after they decided, you know what, maybe it can light, maybe it can be used  really have to be careful because they're the ones that were ruined in Weimar. They were the ones that were ruined in Zimbabwe. And I say ruined, I mean, literally, they thought they had a lot of money. And it turned out that they didn't. And it's not necessarily any different from what you and I are talking about right now. We all may have fought before the government prints $4 trillion that we had a lot of money, but maybe we don't. And we don't have oil. But we can buy if you're at Square. I mean, I am most appreciative  going to use a pipeline. I'm going to literally create pipelines. I'm going to push the oil there and I'm going to go around your railroads and you can kick rocks. So I think that again, yeah, innovators innovate, right? Screw you. Absolutely. So innovators innovate. But here's an idea for you that I think the world hasn't yet woken up to that when I sit back and I say, you know, what's a secret that investors, if they start to wrap their head around this, will start to change the way they invest is we talk a lot about commodities, right? It's talking about oil and all kinds of other commodities.  And it's starting early, right? There's still a lot of people in your head around this, is if you start to think of computing power as a commodity, and then you start to say to yourself, well, who owns the pipes to the computing power? Well, Jeff Bezos and AWS doing pretty well. Yeah. The Bitcoin network is backed by the strongest computing network in the world. So it's truly our asset now, right? And so you start to start to look around and say, where's the computing power, right? Where's that pointed to? Who's providing it? Who's the underlying infrastructure that's making  What if we could actually capture the flare gas and we could turn it into power on site and we could mine Bitcoin right here? Whoa! And that's what they're doing is they're literally powering Bitcoin mining equipment on site at the oil and gas kind of wellhead, and they're capturing flare gas and they're mining because all you have to do is have an internet connection in these machines. All right. I just have to stop you, sir. All right. So, I'm meeting with the CEO of Coca-Cola.  I'm going to say, what the hell? Why can't you diversify like this? Or am I a person general? Every company, every single company in the world that has any sort of power generation is going to do this because the financial incentive is way too high. Every day right now, Bitcoin miners are paid like $50 to $55 million all around the world. Every day. So we're talking about, you know, billions and billions of dollars in terms of annual revenue to Bitcoin miners. But the beauty is that you don't have to be  How do I actually participate in this economy and drive revenue and profits off of this? And so I think that ultimately the financial incentive for this system is going to be incredible. It's just that people are uneducating it. They haven't spent the time. If you're running an Exxon, this last thing in your mind is how do I make overtime changes? You just got to think like Rockefeller, who was this bump kid, but he had thoughts like this. He wouldn't be rolling over his grave right now. He would be saying, you know what, I want to go right now and bring the net to the Exxon  three months into 2021. What's been the biggest surprise in the financial markets for you? I think that the biggest surprise is a belief that could actually turn out to be true, that the companies that we, that the second half of 20, and this is gonna be tougher for J-PAL, that the second half of 2021 could be like 19,  square with Bitcoin. If you believe, and you have taught me, that my boom thesis is true, if you are not hedged against what a boom would mean in this country, you're nuts. I mean, literally, you're nuts. If my thesis is right on a boom, you're crazy not to have Bitcoin. And I don't care. I don't care if it's 70,000 right now. I'd be saying the same thing. I wouldn't be saying, and you got to wait for a pullback to 53,000. No, I'd be saying, listen, if my thesis is true, and I've spent a lot of time on my thesis, the only way  And thank you again. It's very rare that you ever in life get to say, listen, I owe you one and I owe you one big partner. All right. All right, Jim. Thank you so much. We'll do it again. Thank you, Pop. Appreciate it.