 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  being a good engineer. I quit my work after two years, started an agency and then grown that agency to provide engineering services to startups from US mainly, et cetera. And yeah, obviously, like anyone, we were trying our own ideas, products, et cetera. Then 2017 came in. It was January, it was I think June, then I started investing into cryptocurrencies and caught myself manually calculating 10  and we figured out you need to sync wallets, then we figured out you need to sync other platforms, then DeFi came in, you basically sync those smart contracts to show your liquidity on Uniswap or things like landing on your app and all other kinds of DeFi tracking and management stuff. Absolutely. And so when you think about Coinstets today, maybe let's just walk through kind of what the actual product does.  you should keep some of your funds on exchange. So when the prices move, you have a quick action to basically sell it or buy more, et cetera. So that leads to a problem. You get lost on what you own, where you own, how much you've made, how much you've lost. And also it creates a problem. You should log into each platform to see your holdings, trade. You need 10 different apps on your phone and 10 different bookmarks, websites on your computer. So what Qantas does is  you should better automatically sync and down. You have all your data in a place. And you can not only track your data, but also trade from Coinstat. In fact, we are going to expand our trading ability and financial management ability, not only trade in the future, but also access. I don't know, maybe lend money from smart contract, Aave or Compound or Antingale.  to internet, right? So. Absolutely. And so when you think through this, you have a consumer facing technology. Obviously you have grown really, really fast over the last couple of months. Talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the trends of the growth, right? So where are people coming from? What are they doing on the platform? And kind of from an aggregate growth standpoint, how quickly is everything growing? Yeah. Sounds good. We have grown to over 800,000 monthly active unique users over the last couple of months.  market type because a lot of people started investing into cryptocurrencies. Market trends nowadays even make you use so many different products, wallets, and exchanges, all kind of stuff because you need to buy this finance on Uniswap. You should use MetaMask, then Binance Smart Chain comes in. You should use Binance Smart Chain to invest on this point.  we integrate BlockFi because our customers need that. All of our competitors are very, very slow on that thing, integrations with new platforms, et cetera. DeFi speak. We have a lot of features around DeFi. You can track your liquidity on Uniswap as soon as you connect your Ethereum wallet. And that also leads to one of the most exciting things we are working on right now is allowing trading on DeFi  centralized deep fight centralized finance platforms like look by have one big advantage. Their teams are are consumer focused. They can do great you guys great user experience. They can do great marketing advertisement and onboard those customers with easy to use interface etc. The teams who are very talented on a part of blockchain finance economy are creating those really tough  that solution with the same easiness of use as BlockFi or any other centralized financial service provider company and advertise it the same way as BlockFi advertises. And obviously, the thing that DeFi has much more advantage over DeFi. I'm talking about the differences. I have an opinion that DeFi won't make sense at all. That won't work out if DeFi doesn't work out because  driving those people?  to  or any other similar product, but you can buy any coin which is trading on DeFi. Again, obviously, 90% of those DeFi coins want to go on a long term because those are startups, they will fail. Those are the investment opportunities which can potentially do 1,000 Xs because you can potentially invest on next Facebook, next Apple, next Tesla, because they're there. No consumer  and other coins trading on the US. I mean, it's a lot of work to research to find the world who is going to be next Facebook, but it's there. Or the next Netflix, decentralized streaming platform, or the next Amazon, decentralized shopping platform, etc. Yeah. So you basically have sit in a very interesting spot, right? One is obviously coin stats and the product you guys have built and the large user base you have. But also you grew up outside the United States, right? You were born in Armenia. And maybe  it's stable, it works, why we need Bitcoin, et cetera. But if they've worked hard, researched hard, and he gave the opportunity to people invest in Bitcoin or access those investment opportunities, and obviously by training them, teaching them that there is a risk involved, invest money you can afford to use, et cetera, that would have been great. But unfortunately, Armenian governments, central banks,  et cetera, and startups from Asia, markets for US companies from US markets for consumers from Asia, et cetera. So decentralized, that also creates new opportunities for entrepreneurs from other countries, developing countries who are not in Silicon Valley, don't have funds, accessible funds, easy to access investments and networks to create their own startups, which can become  Yeah, and it feels also like there's this huge advantage that you have in terms of anyone in the world now who takes on and learns computer science skills and can code, can use an internet connection. They can create any product in the software realm and then they can release it to the world and they can put it on a global stage almost immediately. And so those software developers also need to build teams. And so whether you know marketing or operations or customer service or any other kind of non-technical skill,  creates new opportunities. I mean, it's very tough to create a new dating website or new social network website sitting somewhere in Armenia because there's so much competition going on. But if you create decentralized dating or decentralized social network, at least you'll have early adopters in face of those crypto enthusiasts, crypto community who would love to use it to try it out. And if it's good, they will  because it took almost all the volume from Uniswap. I mean, it has comparable volume to PancakeSwap team, has comparable volume to Uniswap. I'm surprised about it. And I will continue to look at it further, et cetera. Again, we can talk about how decentralized it is, et cetera, and pro-decentralization. So Ethereum is obviously more decentralized. Let me think of a 13  to coin stats, 35% of them have some level of liquidity with Uniswap. Exactly. Wow, that's a crazy statistic. Yeah, I was surprised. I was expecting one, two, maybe 10, but it's 35. Yeah, that is nuts. Talk a little bit about your future plans. What are you guys looking to incorporate into coin stats? Then how do you see things like Binance, Smart Chain, or others in terms of how that affects your product?  to use coins as well. You can use metamask trust or whatever wallet you're using currently. And as soon as trading works out, we will prove that our idea of becoming the front end of blockchain is good and we will start integrating other financial services which currently work popular on smart contracts, on blockchain, be that landing platforms or  to all over the world, that's that's done. That's an earn, I don't know, 0.1% fee or 0.01% fee. That's a great idea. I mean, I do understand that it involves a lot of regulation complications, a lot of trust complications. We both understand that we trust Mark on that, right? Try to explain that to a person who have saved his $100,000  to  markets because one reason those kinds of solutions aren't into main market aren't into main market yet because of Ethereum, Gaseous, etc. mining. And if you get there, if it's on mainnet, 100%, if it works, that's going to be big. With all of those competitors, Polka, dot, Cardano, Binance, Marching, etc. Right now, let's face the truth. Ethereum owns 99.9% of all the market. And if they  to use with all of those minuses the Ethereum blockchain has higher gas fees. It's number one. It has the same level of volume, Uniswap, SushiSwap things as Coinbase, the number one, the exchange we're doing IPO right now we're thinking to do. I'm looking at that. Some people ask, if Ethereum price would reach $10,000, no way it can reach $10,000 before that release because  something that's limited. And history shows that it always goes out no matter what. And I don't see a reason for it to stop going up. There is no reason. I mean the only reason can be US government banning Bitcoin like whoever uses Bitcoin goes to jail. But that's obviously we know that that won't happen. And and yeah Bitcoin prices will grow. I think on the long term it can go 10,000 tomorrow.  stats. If they want to go and try the products, they want to join the 800,000 people using it every month, where do you send people? Just go on any search network and search coin stats. Be that on App Store, Google Play, even Mac OS Store, even TV OS Store, etc. They are available on desktop. You can use it as a website. You can use it as an app. So it's exciting.  to search CoinStats on Google or in any of the app stores. And then there's a free version, but if you want to use any of the premium plans, you can just use CodePOP and you can get a discount there. I got three questions that you get to ask me one to finish up. The first question is, what's the most important book you've ever read? That's a great question. I mean, that's tough to do. What's the most important book? If you are talking about startup, et cetera, I like a book called Traction.  until some level of your product, then choose the second one, then choose to do answer. Just push on just single marketing channel at the time if you're a startup.  I love it. Last question and then you get to ask me one is aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? Of course. I mean, I mean, there is no probability. There is very small probability. I mean, it's almost zero that there are no aliens. I mean, obviously there are aliens. But the thing is why they don't contact us. Maybe because they're afraid of those violence.  the regular financial corporations, like regular banks, we will start utilizing it. So my guess is that some banks are already starting to do it, and we'll kind of see how long it takes for them to really, really jump in. But they're kind of experimenting. They're testing it out. They're trying to understand it both intellectually, but also a little bit in practice. Can they set up nodes? Can they participate?  I love that answer. Thank you. All right. Where can we send people to find you on the internet if they want to follow up or they got any questions for you? Just go on Twitter. Now, right, Gabor can. I have very tough surname to type in. But if you go to the Coinstas Twitter page, you can find see Twitter tag on the description. And yeah, again, I forgot to say we are on Coinstas.app. So if you