 Hey guys, what's up? I'm so excited for you to watch this interview. Before we get into this interview, I want to talk about our sponsor Prime XBT. If you're trading Bitcoin, you got to be using Prime XBT. Not only do they have global markets available to anyone, but they also have great execution, low fees, and an amazing user interface. The best part about Prime XBT is that you can also follow some of the best traders in the world. You go on, you find someone who you think is smart, and you can literally just follow their trades when they execute something.  Enjoy this one.  I got into a lot of different, didn't really get into too many different sports outside of that, probably ran a little track. But I always had that inkling to wanna be great, that's something I just didn't know what the hell it was, right? So it was always something there that I wanted to tap into just didn't know how. And I didn't really understand it then, but that process officially started my senior year in high school when I was a student in 2006. Me and my mother, our house was four clothes going in 2006,  But then we know we were just hanging out. Had a few friends at West Charlotte and we would go out and party every weekend. And it was crazy that they allowed us, that we actually did some stuff we did at 17th. So, but one weekend in particular, one of my friends in school, his name was Travis Moore, it was on February 18th. And that was a very life changing moment. And so when that happened to me, I was like, okay, there was really no coping  I actually made the Dean's list of one year of one semester in school. But then immediately after I dropped out of school, the reason being, finding this was making me make crazy decisions while in college with hard to focus. More importantly, it was one time I was in a class and I was a business major. And this, my professor, he was throwing up his graph showing like everybody's potential jobs and whatnot. And he said, oh, well, you know, there won't be any jobs for you all available to like,  It didn't really make sense to me then. And I started noticing the world in a different lens. So that was the semester I decided like, you know what? I'm just going to drop out of school because I felt like I was being taken advantage of a little bit. I don't like that at all. Whenever I cinched that into someone or a situation, I wanted to really regain that control over the situation. But I did that in a stupid way by dropping out of school. So then when I dropped out of school, I went back home to Charlotte. I had really no plans.  But however, I wasn't really down on myself too much. I felt that I could make a comeback on whatever it was. I always had stuff to confidence, no matter what it was. I would look up to athletes like Tom Brady, Floyd Mayweather, Kobe, like I mentioned. And it wasn't just because of the fact that they were always winning, but it was about what they battled through to get, what did you battle to get? And sitting in prison, I had to do a lot of learning about myself. I did a lot of reading.  I feel like if I say I'm going to do it, then it can't get done. It's just how we're going to get it done. A lot of people ask me what I have planned. I don't have anything planned because I don't know what's out there. When I came home from prison in 2014, it was a very rough situation. I tried to apply for jobs all around Charlotte. I got denied everywhere because of my records. I even got denied from working for two months.  you have this workable. You can do this work right here. And in my mind, I always felt like, yo, I'm better than this type of work. I don't feel comfortable with calling you a supervisor because I feel more intelligent. So I always look for ways that I could branch out into entrepreneurship. I did not know. So it didn't start taking serious until I was about to, I found out my girlfriend that time was pregnant with my first daughter. And I was like, all right, who, but something clicked in  And it was interesting to me, but it was strange, but it was interesting. It was interesting enough because not a lot of people knew how to do it. It was outside the box and it made me want to be healthy. And at this time I was still boxing it, human Charlotte. So I can tell I'm about to lose my jobs. All the little 1099 stuff employee were about to go away. They had a different change in scenery or change in business.  of a situation. So um the very first thing I did I started cooking vegan food at my house in delivering. I had a little food service called vegan on the go. I would cook the food, deliver it, try to make money. Um and I could tell I didn't like working for I didn't like cooking for people. I did not like the idea that I didn't even know what the hell I was doing as far as like inventory wise without really making money but without just stuff from the money around and sending people food. But it was a learning experience but during that learning  It's like, yo, what did they do, right? And I looked at the internet, I looked at technology, I'm thinking like, damn, all these guys are really making good money, but why? You know, but why? Because I know there's gonna come a time where this gets a little saturated, but why? And I realized that, because they were early, they were there early on something that was changing the world. And I was like, I need to be early on something that it would be so, the barrier of entry would be so low, as long as I'm there early, I can take a banjo.  years old. And I tell the story all the time, but it's a very important part of the story. So I see he says, you know, we catch up and says, follow me on Instagram. Instagram says Bitcoin's a look at it. I don't know what the hell Bitcoin is. I said, I got no. I'll see you later on. Stay in touch. I see the movie. I don't really think too much of Bitcoin yet. It wasn't until my mom said, hey, there's not. I tell you why this before that.  invested like enterprise Microsoft very early on. Not sure what happened. He probably sold who knows who cares. But I said, all right, if he has that type of insight that's inside one of her. So I started looking at Bitcoin a little bit. And my mom said, well, this is lending platform you could use to help you make money. Want to give it a shot? I said, yeah, on their system, good, high, high quality jargon that if you invest into this platform in 60 days, we'll give you a payout of compounding interest.  and knew it was a scam just by looking at it. I said, all right. So I hit him up one day. I said, so I need you to tell me like, no, what's Bitcoin mail? Like, what's going on? What is it? He said, well, there's a storage value. So it's like gold appreciates over time. He said, you could use it like money, and then like money and it's decentralized. So that's how the government drove. Now, everything he named, I kind of understood. But what stood out first was decentralization because I could, I could compare that to how we use stamps on  So we always kept it at 30 or 35 cents on the yard. So you can always have stuff in the circulation, which is kind of ingenious. So when he told me about that, you know, I looked at it. I looked at some videos. And I said, can I change my life with this? He said, Justin, you do whatever the hell you want. As long as you have patience, you got knowledge, you stay here and you stay active and do whatever you want. I said, all right, I got you. So after that conversation, I had gone home. I did a lot of YouTube research, a lot of  When I asked them about Bitcoin, they said, nah, man, we never heard of Bitcoin. We don't really deal with it. It's not doing much. We heard about it, but it's nothing. And that let me know I need to be here because I had finally found that thing that was going to be groundbreaking in the world, but I was early enough to be there. And that was what I was looking for, something that I could invest my time and money in, but I don't have to try to worry about being in a  I think and then I will work, you know, still do my food business or I will still try to find jobs here and there. But I always buy big one because in my mind, I was like, I've never seen my money move. I've never seen my money work for myself. I was like, yo, this is working for me. All right, so I need to go acquire this as much as possible. But then on the flip side, I started noticing like, why am I always pulling this out or why am I always having to use it? But I wanted to grow for me. So that was like a battle for a while.  super brain assessment. I mean, of course, so I could read books fast. And then I started reading up on personal finance and reading up on how I could actually have Bitcoin as an asset, but also buy or dollar cost average in a way that works as responsible. Because when you start with no money, you don't have enough money to trade, you don't have enough money to play with. But you have to have enough. I feel like I had to have enough reserve enough to buy into the future. So by doing  doing is you basically had your couple of businesses, they were driving some cashflow when you were taking that and converting it into Bitcoin. Were you doing it because you thought that it would appreciate value? Did you think it because, hey, the banks can't take this from me? What was the thought process in terms of why you wanted to take the dollars and convert it to Bitcoin? Even before, really, in 2016, there wasn't as much attention on it, given what it is today. Back then, I was like, okay,  $100,000 like this, you know what I mean? Like damn, to the investment platform now, I might have some misinformation now, but then that was my thing. And then I got tired of dealing with the stigma of what questions they gonna ask me. Do I have to, you know, they gonna ask me about having my record. They gonna ask me about this and that and the earth. So when they showed me how to buy Bitcoin, it was so simple. Like, damn, this is what decentralization feels like. This is what freedom feels like. Just buying it because you can. So that was the first thing. The second part was also the  I can stay or I can go. But that told me this is legit because if it just kept going, going, going, going, going up with no dips at all, like a linear line, I thought it was some bullshit, but I saw dips and I'm like, all right, well, that gives me the reality to know like, okay, this is what I'm doing because nothing is linear. Just don't always go up. You have to have time of peril. So that's what let me know that Big Climb was legit. And that's what I said, all right.  a lot of society basically boxes you out, right, if you have a record. And so whether it was trying to get a job at the moving company or trying to open up certain accounts or participate in certain aspects of the financial industry, maybe it's not impossible, but it's harder, right? And there's more friction there. And so something like Bitcoin that is decentralized, that's built on this open protocol, nobody cares, right? Nobody cares the color of your skin. Nobody cares what you've done in the past. They just want to know, do you have the money to buy it or do  believe when people actually, um, cause there are a lot of barriers when we talk about black people and the one way that they can really benefit or actually benefit from a decentralized money in that way is the fact that no one, the initial, the initial point of them even buying it, there'll be a breath of fresh air. Because if I go through this friction, I know a lot of other people go through the friction as well. And, you know, as we do in  that initial money, so I will always be going down. Everything was a build yourself out of debt system. And it didn't matter what it was, you know, you would have to put up initial money. It's like even flipping a house or trying to invest in real estate, you have to put up the collateral. You still have to continuously invest, whether it's maintenance, whether it's you have to hire people, no matter whether there's bills, taxes, whatever. You always have to do that even before you turn profit.  our own control over anything. Like we never necessarily had control over our assets. We don't really have control over our own words. We came to this country as an asset and we still have to pay capital gains tax for being here if you really look at it. So they have freedom portion. And it's just how the story is told to people who aren't necessarily open to that way of living it. When we were coming up or you would hear people say,  you would tell black peop too risky. You don't wa money, but you don't hav wasting our time and waste for playing in the streets of type of comparisons that p open up folks out because I big one out there. Yeah, you appreciate this, this nir who never even experienced t means nothing to. So it's  better for me to do that than wasting on something else. Those are a lot of different areas that have to be touched. But one that I like to bring up most of the time to people is everything you touch, everything you've been buying before Bitcoin has been depreciating in value or it appreciates so slowly that you cannot keep up. Everything or even the iPhone 12 Pro Max you'll buy, you can buy today. You'll take it to the pawn shop. I tell you that I promise you they're going to try to get half off what you bought.  in the uneducated and not in a negative way, it's just that's what it is, right? There's people who understand exactly what you just said, that the assets around you that are consumptive, they're gonna go down in value. The investment assets are gonna go up in value, right? And it's all because the dollars being devalued against those investment assets. And so when you learn that, your eyes get opened and you start changing your behavior, right? Yeah, that's what it was. Just noticing what appreciation was.  I'm thinking like damn, okay. Yeah, we, I individually might not have $1.5 billion right now.  you have that reality, everything just starts becoming a little bit more simpler to do. You still want to figure out how you want to live your life and I think that's what's something that trips up a lot of black, a lot of black people in general, you know, like simple things like budgeting. One of the best books I ever read that I recommend to people is Profit First by Mike McCallum, because he helped, that book helped me put money in buckets and buy percentages and buy, you know, what's important, how it matters and how you can still live your life by using  I know I can win. Like I already have it's an asset to do it. I just need something better to go after. I didn't want to keep going after things that weren't going to give me freedom. And when people actually see that, then they can really notice like, yo, all right, I do have the money to do something no matter how small it is, but I've been buying shit that doesn't go nowhere. Like Elon and Elon and the cyber truck, I would not be giving him $70,000 in Bitcoin for that damn truck. And if he ever hit his podcast, hit me up.  in America, then 10% of that, if 10% of that wants to go to Bitcoin, what would 10% of that be? That'll be $120 billion. So, will we be able to get everybody on board? I hope so. However, in the very good stages, wildlife stage, you know, put 10% of whatever you get first, based upon how I read it, profit first, because you got to pay yourself in the beginning. Too many times we pay our, we, what we give ourselves in the future,  the  No, that's nature. That's what they're supposed to do. You know, I might not eat meat by love watching the lion eat some shit up. So, um, so what really got to me one day, man, I was online and, um, you know, you hear the word apex predator, right? Hell is it? One day they were talking about a Komodo dragon being apex predator of his land and his real life. Like, you know, he can't be hunted. He can't be hunted. Like when he's on that Island, he can't be hunted.  And I remember one time I was at a function by this guy, by this coach by the name of JT Fox. And we always talk about being a top 1% and striving to be that. And I was like, all right, that makes sense. So I'm studying this orca. I'm looking at like, why is this, why is he the apex president? Not just because of size, it's more intelligent than a shark. They communicate, they work together and they have high, they have highly advanced hunting techniques.  because when you throw out a big goal, whatever you hit in the middle, it's gonna be a good result, but you want for it. Only because of where I started, only because of where it was, only because of the legacy I wanted for my family. So the point of the book is to highlight everywhere I've gone in my life, highlight the effort and mentality it took. And some of the things I saw, how I just applied when I saw the life, that's how I had to really learn a lot of things. Also the mistakes I made, how I'm gonna write  already here. I started val number because there's a d that's a different color a different caliber of peo that are there. So once you s what I talk about a lot ju best of the best. No matter your friend could make, h which is making healthy co do whatever. That's the on to get out my situation.  looks like what it looks like right now doesn't mean it's always look like. So I gave that book to talk about every experience I went every experience I went and to show people like there really is no not to get what the hell you want to do. You just have to be committed to whatever it takes whatever is in the process to get there you get there. And if you die along the way guess what that was what it was meant to be. But dedicate to it. You have to dedicate that's what that's where the purpose that's where the title of that book comes from came from. That's the purpose of me right.  Before we get into the rapid fire questions, I want to talk about this idea of no excuses. But I know that you and Zay have talked a bunch about it. But just this idea that, you know, look, you basically have the perfect story, which is you had hardship in your life, you went to prison, and you got out, and you made a better life for yourself, right? And if you can do it, anyone can do it, right? Because basically, it would be really easy for you to sit there and say, you know, I had this bad situation happen,  going to prison, coming home, everybody says it's gonna be hard or this, that, and third. I said, no, nowhere did I agree or did I tell you that I was gonna reach that bullshit narrative. I didn't tell you none of that. So, you know, I love to rewrite a narrative if I can. And when it comes to excuses, man, you know, what helped me realize I was making excuses was when I looked at the people who I was surrounded by, what were they allowing me to make true? Oh, I can't do this. Yeah, you right, man, you know? Just fall back, just relax.  like if you want to be a success or nobody care what you think you cannot do, what can you do? You have to be able to do something. What the hell can you do? In prison, we had to use everything around this to still make it better. No pump, I used what batteries and headphones it takes to charge a cell phone in prison. You know what I'm saying? I've seen a guy with several life sentences hustle his way to hire a lawyer to get a release date. I've seen people who fight for  It was all about being present, noticing myself, what am I telling myself I can't do and why? Where did I agree to this in my past? Who did I put myself around? Who I thought was on the level of success, but now I'm noticing their excuse. I like to study people. I like to study business. I like to study people and see what they say when obstacles come up, because no matter where you are, there's going to be an obstacle.  whatever the next level has for me and whatever comes at that level. So it was about me really looking at the journey and realizing that all journeys come with options and you have to be prepared to step toward that option. Every single moment. If you look at how Tom looks in the last two minutes of the first six Super Bowls, he was always ready for it. Like how Floyd looks like when he steps into the ring, he's always ready for it. They are always ready for whatever takes place. And no matter what took place between there, you have to  I will say this and I rea here this because I would l the future is faster than y and Peter Dominick. Uh, t impact for me, especially I had told myself I don' like what I had taken th and start reading off fra read, I would read like on things I knew I was not  Coronavirus makes this because how else will we start bringing this stuff in and make Bitcoin making even better system? But most importantly that book open my mind up to what the future is Where the future is going? I'm always been about where is the world headed out where the hell it is That's why I didn't want to hop in a lot of things that my friends already doing Because it's like yo, it's gonna be saturated five years in five years I might as well struggle with some shit that's disruptive or that's coming out. It's gonna be exponential on that  So this question is brought to us by them. They got like a thermoregulated bed. Basically means I was making it really cold. So I sleep it on the ice cube all sudden I sleep like a baby, get deep sleep, feel better. And that's why I sleep eight, nine hours. What's your sleep schedule now and how has that evolved over the years? Well, now we're the newborn baby that's in your heart. The baby changes everything, huh? It's almost not there. But before she did,  because you get to, this was some cool shitty stuff too. You said you get to solve the problems you had from the previous day. So my sleep schedule would usually consist of me trying to get, if not eight hours or six to eight hours of good sleep. And if it's not going to be that long of sleep, then I want my quality of sleep to be very good. I want to be in the deep sleep so my brain can really relax and really be productive for the next day.  sometimes I think to tell I do actually believe I can't believe we're the only peop of kind of strange. Um, yo to Mars one day. Hopefully get me there. I really f But I do believe in alien in life outside of Earth. intelligent that they, tha us, but we can't see th  I never had to ask the question. Let's talk about something real light. I don't know if you like to do this or not, but we're going to throw it out there. What's your price prediction for big point by the end of the year? I keep the same thing. I've been saying for years 100K by the end of 2021. I ain't changing it. I'm probably being too conservative. I'm trying to be. I'm probably being too conservative at this point, but I just that's the number I pick. So like whatever I'm sticking with.  you know you do a better job, sweet price, employee, market sales. I just gotta give you that. I love it. I love it. Oh, and you were talking some jazz. Somebody else the other day. Good job. I love that too. But, but everything with, you know, including the print of money, lost jobs, we're going to continue to get more stimulus checks. And they're talking about a cash crisis.