 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  a preschool teacher. So not a lot of business background. I did have not only a proverbial, but a literal rich uncle, a guy named Jim Rothenberg who passed away a couple of years ago. He was a chairman of capital group. So I had interest in stocks, but I grew up in the East coast. He was West coast and I never really had a lot of exposure to him. And I went to college, had no idea what I was going to do. Uh, probably would have been a doctor if my father hadn't told me just don't do that because there's just better ways of making a living. And while I was in school, I took  David had been there for seven years, so the portfolio was taking shape in his image, but nobody in the outside world, outside of a very boutique community of money managers, had any idea who he was and what was happening. And it was fantastic. So that was really my formative education, investing in that particular style. So you're really investing in managers, learning how to find them, how to do the homework, cross asset classes, and stayed for five years and ultimately just didn't think at that point in time, I wanted to spend my whole life in New Haven.  having an opportunity to join. Um, at the time, Dan Stern, who ran reservoir capital, and he wanted to build an asset management firm. He put me together with my, my partner, Jeff Tarrant, who, uh, my late partner. And we started protege partners back in 2002, which was a hedge fund of funds investing in and seeding smaller hedge funds that did that for a long time. Um, left 2015 and a bunch of things since then, including this podcast. I, uh, I love it. So we got to talk about Swenson and Yale because I think that, uh, there's an  manage Yale's endowment at age 31, which was unheard of back then. Before he had a PhD at Yale, he went to Wall Street. He worked at Lehman Brothers and Salomon Brothers, and he was on the desk that created the first interest rate swap. So he's just an innovative guy, a brilliant independent thinker, and he got to Yale and he looked at what other people were doing with these pools of capital, which was mostly back  And so he did that, he pursued that. People look at what he did and say, oh, he likes illiquid investments. But the truth is if you own US stocks and bonds, anything else you do is less liquid. So he invested in, and some of this had been in Yale's portfolio, it just wasn't emphasized when he got there, invested in venture capital, he invested in leveraged buyout funds, invested in real estate funds, all different kinds of things with this equity orientation. And Yale's returns were fantastic.  family offices to not only say, hey, this is interesting, but he gave them the playbook so that they could go to their committees and adopt what's really a better approach than just the traditional approach. So he became very, very well known for that. He's really, you know, for those who don't know, he's the Warren Buffett of this business and, and justifiably so. So what I would say is it wasn't just that he created this structure. He's one of the most, if not the most brilliant investors I've ever seen.  vendors vet them, select them. Uh, and he's been able to compound money very aggressively for an institutional investor. Uh, not for a year, not for five, not for 10, but for literally 30 plus years. What makes him so good at doing that? Is it an intuition thing? And just like, Hey, there's a once in a lifetime or once in a generation type guy who can do that. Uh, or is it something that is a repeatable process where other people can study it and actually take it away and use it themselves? Yeah, there's, there's pieces of both. So if you start with the ladder, which is what people really care about, like, Hey, how can I do this?  with a certain group of managers, every single one of them succeeded and delivered for their institutions. And that is unusual to have a group of people coming out of the same place, all of whom do well. You know, by definition, some are probably quote unquote better than others, some probably are luckier than others. But there is a structure to it. And some of the structures, the asset allocation, a big part of the structure, which I'll turn to David now, is discipline. Extreme discipline and asset allocation and rebalance  So the asset allocation he put together back when he did was so different from everybody else. Now I'll tell you a story. It was before my time there, but David joined in 1985 and part of what they imposed very early on was this concept of rebalancing. In 1987, the stock market crashed. He's 33 years old, going in front of investment committee and telling them they need to aggressively buy equities right after the crash to rebalance. Most people don't do that.  is pretty extraordinary. So that's the second. If you start with discipline, the second would be this real ability to be different. And the third is him. He is just innately talented at assessing people and investment strategies. He was one of these people that when you're around him, every year he starts to focus on two or three things. And it might be small things, it might be something he has to do with terms. Last year it might have had to do with diversity.  After spending five years in that environment, how do you think it had an impact on you? Most of it was the former. I mean, I really, it's so hard to be in a seat like that and think that you could do something different that's better because they're just so, so good at it. So most of what I learned and how I tried to apply investing was trying to remember what it, what was it that I learned everything from, you know, where are you sourcing your managers from? What kinds of questions are you asking? How are you doing your due diligence? How do you trust your institution?  It just takes a long time to internalize lessons. I do have a few things that are different. And again, there's been so much time since I was there. I'm sure they have evolved in their thinking and sophistication in many, many ways. It's far beyond my time there. But the one that's a big difference for me that I never quite embraced was that David was always a die in the wool value guy. And if you read what he says about where they invest in the stock market, they want small cap and value.  different from what might play out over the long term. So in different areas, the easiest one to describe is a US equity market. Yale's portfolios tended to be very value biased. And my portfolios were much more balanced because I just didn't think that if you're value and wrong for 10 years, that's actually not okay when you have clients. One of the things Andy Golden at Princeton said in the podcast is to finish first, you first have to finish.  is always debated, is diversification can protect wealth, concentration usually builds it, but at the same time, concentration can also mean that there's insolvency. There's always the balance of risk and reward. How do you think about, for many of the people who are coming to this from a more cryptocentric viewpoint, should we take some of the timeless investing lessons and try to apply it to what's forming as a new asset class? Are there  crypto have been for a few years without really being in the weeds and understanding it for one part of a portfolio that's incredibly important, which is asymmetric options. So in this case, that asymmetric option is the possibility, I don't know if it's true or not, but the possibility then a world of fiat money debasement that Bitcoin, let's say, let's start with Bitcoin becomes a store of value that's a better store of value than capital market stock  From the institutional perspective, it all looks like a venture investment. The first legs when Yale was in the news for investing in crypto a couple of years ago, well, not really. They were just investing with Chris Dixon at Andreessen, and that was another venture investment. If it's right then, you have a venture portfolio. That's what it looks like. More recently, there's been news that some of these institutions are buying Bitcoin, maybe Bitcoin Ethereum directly. But again, it's far more of a diversified  valuable no matter what the outcome is. So a lot of what we talk about, a big section of the book, and I talk about decision making and investing is process over outcome. And the corollary I would give, I left business school in 1999, and that was the peak of the internet bubble. There was one of all of my classmates, probably half or more ran to do some internet startup. There was only one that monetized it. But I would argue that probably like 90% of the people that did it  something exciting and building something, and then learning along the way to figure out each person's path of where they want to end up. Yeah. Before we go any further on the investing side, I would be doing the audience a disservice if I didn't talk to you about the media empire that you're building in terms of a Capit Allocators podcast, which is fantastic. And then you've got a new book that's coming out. Maybe let's just start with why spend so much time creating content and  plan on having it be like a media business. I always view myself as an investor. It was just something to do on the side. And it stayed that way for a couple years. Now, one of the benefits of that is after 20 something years in the business, I do have a lot of relationships with really, really talented people that generally aren't available in the public. And as the podcast grew, there was real benefit to those people to tell their story. So that was fun. It's kind of, I called it the business of building goodwill on my personal balance sheet.  share and implement the process of elite investors through compounding knowledge and relationships. And the biggest difference in what I do today from what I did back then was the word share. So I naturally like sharing what I learned with other people. And when you're managing a pool of capital, that's not, you know, maybe it helps you on the margin. Maybe you share and you get more investors, but the goal is to compound capital and to grow your business.  people so they can tell their story. Sometimes it's me telling my story. And then call it advisory. I work with a small number of managers, mostly hedge funds still, but some allocators as well, with the goal of I just want to help them make more money. It's fun making money. They want to make more money. And just from my experience, there's just lots of different ways I can help. What I don't do is sell for them or market. But there's a lot of strategy. There's a lot of understanding what they're trying to do in their  sharing more investment ideas with that. And I just like it. It's, you know, that's all there is to it. I'm a middle child, so I don't mind the spotlight and it's fun. I love the viewpoint of it. Uh, what is the most memorable interview you've ever done? And not necessarily because it's the most well-known person or the most successful, but just as their one interview that you look back, you're like, wow, that one was really special and sticks out. I can answer that in a lot of different ways. So let me give you two or three stories. The first is when I interviewed Scott  of how they ran that office and how they evolved. So that was one that was right in the sweet spot. The other ones that stand out to me are when I learned something way beyond what I could have imagined. And usually that comes from these interdisciplinary thought leaders from outside investing. So when I've had non-CIOs and non-managers on, the lens I use is do I think I can talk to someone who's going to share something that will help me be a better investor, help other CIOs be a better investor. And the first of those was Andy Duke.  decision-making is one of them. Another one is negotiations. So I went to business school, I got taught negotiations, I read all the books you're supposed to work on, I was terrible. Every negotiation I ever had in my career, I got crushed. It didn't matter what it was. And then I met, I got introduced to a guy named Dalien Kane, who's a professor at Yale, teaches negotiations. And he has a way that he's developed of teaching that's really much more practical about how you go about a negotiation.  And it's a risk management tool that anytime you're making a decision, any kind of decision, pretty much when you think you're at the answer, you conduct this little 20 minute exercise that he describes on the podcast and it allows you to do a whole bunch of things. It allows you to unearth other possibilities you might not have thought of. It's particularly good in the team setting. It reduces your confidence. And we know that everybody has overconfidence when you're going into making decisions. And it was just prescriptive. Like I listened to this and I went, wow,  to be the most impactful, but you kind of get desensitized a little bit to the big ideas because you just heard them and what you find is most people actually think pretty similarly, whether that's good or bad. It's more so just the like, here's a specific thing that I do in my life that has had a positive impact. And if you can take that away, those are usually the cool things. The podcast isn't the only thing you do. You've got another book out, maybe talk a little bit just kind of around what was the impetus for, for writing the book and then kind of what was the process like? Yeah. Well, I started writing the book because after  to get at exactly what you just said. So there is this section I mentioned that are these tools. The first section is a toolkit. So there's a chapter about interviewing, a chapter about decision making, a chapter about negotiations, leadership, and management. All super important things for anyone leading an investment organization, but none of which are taught from the CFA or anything else anyone in investing does. And then there's an investment section, which is sort of, what did I learn after Dave Swenson? Not denial. What did I learn from people?  I have to ask, what's your favorite investing book? Is it Swenson's book? Is there another one? What would you categorize as the best one or your favorite? I mean, it's hard for me to get past Swenson's book because when I was reading it and I remember it vividly, I knew it was a great one-off book. I knew it was a great one-off book. I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew it was a great one-off book. And I knew  from other people's, but those are two of them. I love it. You're a very well-read and very educated in the business of investing, but you take a little bit different approach to investing than most of the people have on the podcast. Most people are the managers, they're the direct allocators. You take much more of a kind of limited partner seat. So you're taking capital, you're giving that to these managers. And I want to talk about the last 12 months from the LP viewpoint. It seems like,  last 12 months, the two, I guess you'd call them megatrends. Maybe there's three, one that's continued were ESG. And then through that diversity, equity and inclusion. And then going into this year, the one that I would say continues and for good reason is private equity. And we talk about each of those. The fourth though, that is brand new and is in the early innings of serious institutional consideration is crypto. And so  because governance was always something considered important. People really started paying attention and that is a pardon the expression in light of what we're talking about, but that is a tsunami that will not abate anytime soon. So there's a lot of implications for that. There's a lot of definitions that people are working through. There's a whole question of like, what will indexing being, what's the right strategy? There's lots of things,  I don't want to say, this industry is the wrong place to make meaningful change in a short period of time. Because we are the tail that wags the dog. And it really has to do with talent and where that talent comes from and how you groom it. And if it doesn't exist in the industry today, you can't just flip a switch and have it exist tomorrow. So I've been telling people, I think the way to make that kind of change happen in the industry is to start with the winners. Start with the large incumbents, the large asset managers, and force them to have more diverse hiring practices. Because typically, when a new fund  private equity we know about. There's a lot of structural reasons why that did will remain strong. And then we've got SPACs on top of that, and that'll just keep going. And crypto is fascinating, right? The case for crypto from an institutional lens today is no different than what it was in 2017. So it really starts with this store of value, monetary debasement, and Bitcoin, and what that might mean. And then you get into an ecosystem from there. Most of the institutions don't yet  really aren't that interested. Same person asked me again, uh, in about a month ago and I said, yep, we can, and I asked 30, we, you know, we together, we asked about 30 CIOs every single one either participated or said, Oh my gosh, I can't make it. Let me send my number two. So they are learning and taking it seriously. And there will be a lot of capital that follows that down the road. Yeah. What's so fascinating to me, I think about, uh, let's take sailor as an example. I've gotten to know him, uh, pretty well. And what he's doing  true, then you should be able to participate. But I think that the crazier part about the whole thing is one, he's doing it with large dollars, obviously, right? And so that kind of catches people's attention. But two is the people who are giving him the money, right? I think to me, that's the part when he, you know, he puts out these like convertible bonds and stuff, when you start to look at and try to peel away and see like, who's actually giving him a billion dollars at zero percent interest? It's not, you know, me, right? It's not a bunch of crypto, you know, or Bitcoin kind of ludites who, who basically  thinking about what some of these pools of capital are trying to achieve. So let's just take a pension fund. I've had Ash Williams who runs State of Florida Pension Board and Chris Aleman from CalSTRS on the show. They're trying to fund future retirees income. That does not require 200% returns. They have a liability stream. They had to figure out how to meet a liability stream. Now, if they're lending at zero, they're not going to do that. But there are a lot of insurance companies, there's a lot of pension funds that  who's lending to the US government at zero. It doesn't make any sense to me, but there are people who I think think very, very carefully about it and it may well fit into the structure of their assets. Let's go a little further on this in terms of you talked to CIOs at pensions, endowments, foundations, and really all across the investment spectrum. What are they saying about crypto right now? There's obviously an interest rate, you alluded to that, but are they thinking of this as, let me go put 25 basis points in my portfolio and  that crypto is a better way to diversify against portfolio risk assets than other things. And the other is from a venture capital lens, which is this is an ecosystem that is still in the very early innings that will have or may have tremendous value accreting from every piece of the activity. So then you can set aside the store of value coins and instead you're now you're getting into protocols and assets and all the things that will happen off the blockchain.  technology here that may well change a lot of business somewhere down the road. Now, what I would tell you is that concept is not new to any of these people. When I was talking to venture capitalists in the early 90s, every year there was something that was new and exciting. And it wasn't as pervasive as say blockchain technology, but it was palm computing and there was these pen-based things way before we had iPhones. And some of those were way too early and it didn't work.  are really investing in