 Hey guys, what's up? I'm so excited for you to watch this interview. Before we get into this interview, I want to talk about our sponsor Prime XBT. If you're trading Bitcoin, you got to be using Prime XBT. Not only do they have global markets available to anyone, but they also have great execution, low fees, and an amazing user interface. The best part about Prime XBT is that you can also follow some of the best traders in the world. You go on, you find someone who you think is smart, and you can literally just follow their trades when they execute something.  Enjoy this one.  It was broke. I only had a few thousand dollars in my checking account. There's kind of a little funny story surrounding this that I had this old shitty Toyota Camry. Her name was Goldie and she was sitting outside the front of my house and the car got hit twice in the same day. And the insurance company didn't love Goldie as much as I love Goldie. And, you know, I was fortunate enough that that money that the insurance company paid out gave me a little bit of fuel  Midwest. Most people who listen to this are going to be there international or live on one of the coasts. But when you think about the Midwest kind of childhood, what were some of the things that stick out to you as advantages having grown up there? Yeah, so the Midwest is really known for having a strong work ethic. And that's how a lot of people around here are. People work really hard. But we knew that to build a company that has a decentralized future, that we were going to have to build a company that is  and 100% of the salaries, and we could recruit from all over the world. And that's how we got started. And that's how we were able to move so quickly. Yeah. And so what was the original impetus for Exodus? What was the idea? How did you come up with it? And how did you get started? Yeah. So with watching, again, with Mt. Gox and how difficult it was to use and knowing that it's not safe because of the hacks, and then seeing that the biggest companies, Coinbase, Finance,  and again, that's when I met Daniel. And he had that same shared ethos of let's build something that people can control their own wealth. And we did something different because CoinBolt was originally just on the mobile phone. And we thought, well, let's actually build Exodus. We know that people love to manage the portfolio of cryptocurrency. People love to trade cryptocurrency. Let's build it on the desktop because in this moment in time, about 2015 is when  When you started, you guys wanted to build this desktop wallet. What did you build for? Was it just Bitcoin? Was it for all different types of assets? How were you thinking about that? The early version was just Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Dogecoin. That's it. There was a few other ones like Namecoin and maybe just a few other ones. I remember one when Dash was released, Dash started to become popular. Then of course, Ethereum.  and it was because of people's interest in Dash and Ethereum. When you think through the product suite today, so you go from a single wallet type functionality on desktop that supports your three or four different cryptocurrencies to today, you've got an entire ecosystem that you're building out. Walk us through that product suite and what users can do with the product. Desktop is where it all started. It's just simply to send, receive, and exchange cryptocurrencies.  that there were a lot of people out there that wanted to secure their cryptocurrency in a way where they didn't have a worry and they were very comfortable with a hardware wallet. So we brought in Tracer support. And then around that same time, we also released the mobile app. And so this way allows people to view their portfolio on the go. And today, the product suite has really evolved out into, we've started thinking about how can we make it easy for people  The recent feature that was introduced is the notion of having multiple portfolios on the desktop and then actually have it magically sync with the mobile. And you can name a portfolio on the desktop and it magically shows up with the same name on the mobile and desktop. And so that's kind of what we brought in. And beyond that, we really are passionate about eventually making DeFi easy to use. That's going to be really important for the ecosystem.  I mean, if you go back to the 2008 financial crisis, you had a majority of Americans saying, let them fail, let them fail. And both political parties went against American populace and were in support of bailouts for these banks. And so I think that's where the origin really started. And then if you look at the presidential election of 2016 and the presidential election of 2020, doesn't matter which side you're on, either side thought  the most recent one where people were just like, are you kidding me? Are you kidding me that Robinhood is doing this? And so I think these sorts of things are going to continue and it's only going to cause more distrust for people. And not to mention that the biggest and most obvious one is the federal reserve saying, Hey, we're going to print $1.9 trillion, whether you like it or not. And so people are starting to look for alternatives and rightfully so. Yeah. And it feels like a lot of the centralized entities, part of the  because of the promise that they offer, if we take a look at the lending platforms, whether it's Compound or Aave, these things, taking a loan out on the blockchain is really cool. It's just difficult to use today. Yeah. And then when you start to think through kind of DeFi in general, I know another theme that you're really focused on is the idea that more and more people are going to flock to decentralized financial applications. Sounds like you're probably less religious about where exactly that's going to happen from the kind of the tribal wars  betting platform. We had integrations with both these platforms, and they're both built on Ethereum. We all know what's happened with Ethereum and the rise of the gas prices. If you're going to put a $40 or $50 bet down in a game, and you've got to pay $30 or $40 on gas fees, you're just not going to do it. For us, we don't have a horse in the race, whether it's Ethereum or some other blockchain, but we just want a blockchain that people find  into crypto and the Bitcoin ecosystem where, frankly, a lot of the design leaves a lot to be desired in many cases. Absolutely. So everything that we do, we do with the product and customer experience in mind. In fact, there's a little story here that kind of represents this. We call this the bar test or the pub test. And I remember back in, it was, I think, around 2017 or so, a friend asked me like, hey, JP, I want to get into cryptocurrency. Which wallet should I use?  And how beyond that, how does a person feel when they use the product? And that's what we call emotionally driven design. When we think about feelings, how a person feels when they use the product. And you can see that everywhere in the product. Absolutely. And so when you start thinking through that product iteration moving forward, what are the things that you want to add to it or improve over time? Yeah. So one of the things that we've done recently is that we, this was just announced on Friday.  ICO crowdfunding days, like EOS raised $4 billion on a website, right? And so if we can do this in an app that already has, you know, presumably billions of dollars in it, then we should be able to be really successful. And then other companies can come inside and do a crowdfunding option right inside of Exodus. And then everybody can trade their stock. We're going to do an integration with TZERO and merge. And this will allow us to effectively  the user base, kind of what the philosophical belief that you have as to not go to a venture capitalist and kind of just turn to the community. Yeah, so venture capital is a fine way to raise money, but in reality, it's only reserved for the privileged few who are accredited investors or venture capitalists. And so we wanted to create a future where anyone can participate, whether you're a credit investor or not a credit investor. And beyond that, we see a world where  regulations, but we believe by working with our partners, we can build a system and where it's on smart contracts on the blockchain and we can give the same benefits for customers to have that control. Got it. And so when you start to think through kind of implications of this, right? Obviously one, it provides a lot more access to both accredited and non-accredited investors, but will every company go do this? Is there some obstacle or barrier that makes it hard for them to do it? Like, how do you just think of other  sooner and it's much cheaper. Now the Regulation A process allows a company to raise up to $75 million and the Regulation CF process allows a company to raise up to $5 million through pure crowdfunding. So we see a world where a lot of companies are going to start doing this. And so when you look at this, the Regulation A Plus allows $75 million. It's accredited and non-accredited investors, but there's a couple of maybe  10% of their net worth or 10% of their income. And so that's one of the safeguards that the SEC has put in place. Amazing. And so as we kind of continue to see this, talk about the tokenization of the shares as well, right? Because one piece of this is, hey, I'm going to use existing regulations that are in place and I'm going to use it to my advantage. I'm going to go out and raise capital. But now what you're talking about is you're basically talking about on the back end tokenizing the shares rather than having them done kind of the more  we're facing with tokenizing on the blockchain is that we were originally looking at Ethereum and we were settled with Ethereum. And then we just found out a couple of weeks ago that it was going to cost up to $9 million to issue our stock on Ethereum, and that's due to the high gas prices. And so we're currently shopping around for other blockchains to do this. Yeah. And so when you think about kind of the tokenization  are challenges, it's not as easy as just, I'm going to send my shares to somebody else that's not registered in the securitize smart contract. So there's definitely challenges. And then it gets even more challenging when we have to integrate this technology with other third parties like T0, which is a trading system, or Merge, which is a trading system for people outside the United States. And so we have to integrate all three of these systems together  world, because as our mission is to exit the traditional financial system and help the world do that, we have to make it easy for a person in any country in the world to actually buy cryptocurrency, whether that's with a bank account, whether that's with a credit card, and a lot of people don't have bank accounts or credit cards. And so we have to find ways to actually make it legal and accessible for them to do this with cash. And so that's where a big use of the money is going to go to. And then in addition to that, DeFi and  And it was, I think, back in December where we were at just about 70 people. And so it's just, we've grown, I mean, we've just grown so fast and we anticipate that this thing is going to continue throughout, throughout 2021 and all the objectives that we're going to do with the secondary trading systems and making DeFi easy and all these sorts of things. We anticipate by the end of the year is very conceivably that we could be well over 250 people.  own equity in companies. That's the biggest obstacle right now. We've been working with the SEC on this, and we're going to continue to work with the SEC on this. Unfortunately, it seems that as time goes on, the regulators have held much more of an open mind about things. That's been great to see. That's by far the biggest obstacle is making sure the regulators are comfortable with what we're doing and how this is all going to work is the biggest obstacle.  US salaries everywhere. In fact, we anchor our salaries to the Denver Colorado market and that we anchor it no matter where you live because we don't want somebody to get paid more, whether you live in San Francisco or New York or get paid less again, if you live in a very cheap place, you should be paid a fair wage where wherever you live. And another cool thing is we have 100% transparent salaries and 100% transparent cap table. So everybody in the company can see what everybody else is making.  on an Excel spreadsheet, but one of our visions is to actually become the most transparent company in the world. And so what that means to us is that, you know, when we, when we have this regulation, a public offering and we become effectively a public company, we don't want there to be any difference between, you know, insider trading or not. We want everything to be public. So the moment an event happens, it goes up on a website, everything that we're doing, it goes up on our website so that we can be transparent about everything  to view more or Exodus underscore IO at Twitter. That is a pretty concise elevator pitch. Tells me that's the first time you've ever done that. I've got three questions for you and you get to ask me one to finish up. The first question is what is the most important book that you've ever read? Most important book I've ever read is How to Win Friends and Influence People. That book was definitely transformative in how I approach relationships in both the professional realm and the personal realm.  on literally an ice cube and soot like a baby and my Apple watch tells me, you know, good job every morning after I started using this thing. I felt like I'm cheating the system. What's your sleep schedule and how's that changed over the years? Yeah. So I used to be one of those guys that I would stay up till five, six, seven a.m. in the morning. In fact, my wife would come to my office and she'd let you know my hair is all messed up. I was wearing sweatpants and a big furry sweater. And she was like, oh, my God, I can't believe I'm married to this guy. But over the years, and especially with  You really gotta be thinking clearly. And so having good sleep helps with that, absolutely. Yeah, makes sense. Last question that you get to ask me one to wrap us up is aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? Oh, absolutely. When I was a kid, I got so wrapped up into, you remember that show, Unsolved Mysteries with Robert Stack? You remember that show? Oh my gosh. I would watch all the stuff about the UFOs and I was really, I actually got scared of UFOs as a kid. But these days I'm no longer scared of UFOs.  Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. Oh, come on. You don't you don't hold anything else. It's only Bitcoin only Bitcoin. That's it. Wow. Wow. Okay. All right. And look, and part of it is like I'm not I'm not a trader, right? I am not looking for the greatest financial return. Right. You know, so it's kind of like you got to ask somebody like why right. And to me, it's just it's the simplest thing. Right. And it's still going to be pretty attractive in terms of how it plays out. Now, in  I've been spending a lot of time understanding it, learning, meeting all the people who are driving this. But really personally, the only thing that I own is Bitcoin. It's the simplest, easiest thing. I actually suggest that for most people. And then the other thing that's tangentially related is I own a lot of digital art. And I'm probably quickly becoming one of the larger holders of digital art in the world. And the thought process there is just like, I enjoy it. It's more of a game to me. It's less of an investment. It's more of a game.  smaller than Coinbase. Coinbase last year did 1.3 billion in revenue. Uniswap is somewhere between like 800 million and a billion. So even if you discount a little bit, let's say Uniswap is going to be like 50% of Coinbase. Well, there's probably a pretty strong argument that the decentralized product is going to be bigger than the centralized product. Now, is the decentralized product going to be Uniswap? Is it going to be something else? Who knows? We'll see a lot of stuff. But I do think that that stuff is really fascinating. The part that I keep going back to is it seems  to other things, it's just like I'm just learning right now. And then once I've got a kind of a deep conviction, like I do with Bitcoin, then we'll go from there. Yeah, I think a student mentality makes a lot of sense. I'm not the smartest guy, but I like to think that I am intellectually curious enough to learn from everybody else. So we'll see how that plays out. Awesome. J.V., before I let you go, where can people go if they want to participate in the reggae offering that you're doing? Exodus.com forward slash invest. But if you just go to