 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  what I do and what I'm up to, but I talk sports business. So part of that obviously covers the sports memorabilia and kind of collectibles industry. So I'm excited to kind of talk to, uh, not only Ken, but Ross and hear more about kind of, uh, what the future plans are for golden and all that kind of stuff. Did you just come on the podcast and flex right off the bat? Was I've already been on the podcast before? Yeah, I wanted to let everyone know that it's not, I'm not a first timer here. All right. Well, let's get to our first timer. So Ken, maybe we'll go  through college and really have been doing this my entire life. In the late 1980s, I started the company with my father called Scoreboard and we, you know, we ended up manufacturing our own trading cards as well as starting putting athletes on TV. In 1998, I started Golden Sports and for 20 years, put athletes on television, sold product through the networks and as the  and every record you heard about being broken in 2020, where there was a Mike Trout card for 4 million, a LeBron James card for 1.8 million, a Yannis card for 1.9 million, all those record sales that seemed to boggle the mind and happen every week came from us. Awesome, Ross. Yeah, so I've been a consumer operator most of my career, the last 16 years. Started out at YouTube, was an early employee there, convincing people, believe it or not,  the business diversify the revenue. And then actually went on the venture side, both at different ends of the spectrum. One was on the seed side with Howard Linz and the team at Social Leverage. And the other was with the TCG team on the growth equity side. And I spent about a year and a half working with TCG, identifying interesting companies. And we met Ken, we've been going really deep into space and we're excited to partner. I'd say through line in my career has been picking the right market and the right asset in the right market. I don't think I deserve most of the success I've had  Joe, kick it off for us. What questions you got for these guys? I don't know. I mean, I think it'd be helpful. A lot of people, I don't think understand kind of the scale of where Golden is now, right? Like I know the business has grown a lot over the past couple of years and specifically in 2020. So, Ken, maybe it's helpful if you just give us kind of an overview of where Golden's at now, as opposed to kind of where you guys started in 2012, I think it was, right? Sure. So, in 2012, I'll start with the story. When I came up with the business, you know, we did $800,000 in our first year.  that on I broadcast because I just tell like it is we we were running at an amazing pace uh you know Ross calls me Pac-Man because he says you know I just gobble up the JMV and my joke with him is I make the money and he spends it because I'm used to running a tight ship you know I ended I ended last year with 21 employees I think I've got 35 now and I might have a hundred by the end  So it's really any type of collectibles. So realistically, we did an auction in January that did 33 million. We've got one ending on March 6th and 7th that will break that. I won't say by how much, but I will say it will break it. And we've scaled up from four auctions a year in 2018 to seven in 2020 to a minimum of  kind of collectible auctions for a while now. And I think people know Golden Auctions, they trust it. And there's this amazing marketplace. You come from kind of much more of an investing and a technology background. What do you see as the low hanging fruit and kind of what are you guys going to do to the business to kind of augment and push this business forward? Sure, before I do, I want to correct Ken, I'm not spending the money, I'm investing the money. There's a fine line there. Yeah, look, we want to build a  data company where we're going to be aggregating a lot of data and being able to leverage that in ways that benefit the consumer. So only one person wins each option, right? There's one winner, but there's a lot of people that don't win. How are we able to show them other things that they might want to own? How do we make it easier for sellers to find more buyers? And how do we make it easier for buyers to find the things that they love? At the highest level, that's what we want to focus on. Over time, it'll evolve. The back end of that product that I just described is actually fairly technically complex.  the Twitter community. We intend on evolving as we go. But you can imagine it's a very social experience, a very graphically easy and intuitive experience that's very photo and video forward. And it's very community-based. Those are kind of three themes that we're focusing on as we develop the product. Absolutely. And so when you guys think about kind of how big this market is, I know Ken, you talked a lot about the growth of Gold. And maybe Ross explain like you guys not only did a financial transaction here, but you've stepped in  this a lot as well as with the team at TCG that there's a few what we view as macro level tailwinds that are happening and that's what I talk about when you want to find a finding market that is growing organically and it's growing at iClip and then find the best asset in that market. We think this market is growing organically, there's quant and there's qual. I'd say the qual is a combination of passion and pop culture. Passion, insert athlete is my favorite athlete and I want to follow them and I want to feel connected to them.  I want to, you know, inflationary heads that the U.S. is printing more money since COVID than they ever have. So people know that their money sitting in cash is not the best use of their money. They're actually losing money. So I think that's one lens. The other I would say is gambling and fantasy sports, which is a huge, huge business that's only going to get bigger. You know, gambling in the U.S. is not yet legal in Texas and California. That's a massive amount of people that at some point that's most likely going to happen. If you want to be a fantasy GM and you want to go along a player, you know, maybe you're in a keeper league and you could keep that player over time.  company going to be here. And then Apple went to 2 trillion a couple months later, now there's like 5 trillion dollar companies. So I think people don't adequately appreciate the scale of the internet. And when you can take that and you can layer on good technology, good operations and good content, which I definitely want to talk about the content side of things later, we think we can further accelerate that market. And that's what our plan is. And to add on to that, talk about the size of the market. We estimated that it was a $10 billion market. In that $10 billion market, the following still goes on.  myself, you know, you may pass that, but I'm still at the read and reply to every I get at Ken Golden on I wake up in the morning. know, some people just bei love what you're doing. Other other people say they want to consi asking my opinion, but I re that are emailing me over from the Philippines, from  that. And you know how mu even 2017 zero. I looked at think I had a single s soccer is fourth. And if mohomes from football, soc behind basketball and bas right now for 10 and all. A the demand is 100 times su even feed any place except there, I think that we ar  I mean, Ken, that leads me to a good point, right? Like I think everyone kind of from the outside looking in has noticed that there's been a shift in not only sentiment around the industry, but kind of like they see the record sales, whether it's the 4 million for the trout or the LeBron or whatever it might be. I'm curious if there's like a time in the past, call it like 12 or 18 months, even that you're like, wow, things are really escalating, right? Like whether it's the, the Walmart trucks, people are following, whether it's, you know, more messages, you wake up in the morning. But like,  as an auction. I look at every every time we do an auction as an event. So, okay, how do I make this a big event? How do I build an event around this card that hopefully sells for a record at the time, which was 2.8 million. So that was my goal, to sell this card for more than 2.8 million and to have an event. So I started accumulating items and advertising for this auction. And someone came to me with a 2003 LeBron James card. And I'm sitting here with a 52 Mickey Manil. It's going to sell up a half a million dollars, a Hank Aaron rookie and a  called the old 2003 ultimate logo man. It sold for $312,000. We did set the record that day for the most valuable card of all time, $3.1 million for the Wagner. But all the reporters want to talk about is how this card that was printed only 13 years ago of LeBron James sold for over 300,000. So that's when I said, okay, forget everything else I'm doing. The rest of the staff, you guys do everything else. I'm diving into the modern cards. I've got to learn everything about this business. And that's when I noticed a  what happened in January 2019. In January of 2019, we sold a basketball card featuring LeBron James and Michael Jordan called the logo man for $900,000. It was an exquisite logo. So and that's what really set the whole market. That's when that's when everything started going crazy. And yes, COVID hit and yes, the land stance last dance hit. But in January of 2020 was when people really were clubbed overhead to put that in perspective, the prior record for a basketball card.  it is today. I know it's a huge focus for you guys. And I'm assuming Ken's not going to kind of build the company on the strategy of like, let's go on QVC every day. So how do you just think about where you guys go from here on the content side? Yeah, one of the first questions I asked him, which I asked, I asked anyone that I'm going to work with is, what do you love doing? Think you're best in class, best in the world at and what do you hate doing? Think you're really bad at. And it's an interesting question to hear how objective people can be about themselves. Ken was, Ken was very direct. He was just  of the great Ken. And I j with him. He's a weighted a this on the recording now of a more in buffet of cards an of cards like he knows ev and it's also an amazing, for the hobby, not just for like he he bleeds the h the hobby. He's been in t a lot of people in the hob So it was a conversation o like let's actually take t at that framework across t where pieces sit and let'  understand that and you c vision. I think the found this a lot that the found know, they have their visi over for a long time. I t much predates the fountain him as a 11 or 12 year old starting his first amount of parts profit. Like he, he's been t time. So really trying to s that he doesn't have to thi second major print, but r  to eventually supplement Ken with all kinds of other names and brands and different distribution points. Yeah, it's the latter. I think look, Ken's always going to be at the court. He's always going to be the global expert in the space. When people call in, they want to talk to Ken. And Ken's going to be doing things like this and on television and on Instagram and other social media platforms. I do think, we do think, you need to build a platform around Ken, whether that's through full-time  hobby. Um, and the other is those that want to come into the hobby. And I think you do, you talk to the former from an authentic expertise standpoint. And I think you talked to the latter from an expertise, but also from an education and an entertainment standpoint to have them understand and feel safe. There's a lot of people that invest out there. There's a lot of people that want to make profit out there or connect with their passions out there. There's a lot of diehard sports fans who invest, but if you brought them into the hobby right now, they wouldn't know what to do. And that's a big problem, but it's a really big opportunity. And if we can build the right technology and the  to have this remarkable new product that's designed in 2021. Joe, what else other questions you got? No, I think on my side, like I think Ross brings up a good point and I'm kind of curious how golden as a platform is going to change, right? Because I think with everything, all the numbers and the headlines and everything, I personally get a  that we built out to make it very easy to either upload your current collection or look at, you know, list out things that you want and basically build a one list that you can track in one place. I'd love to be people's hub for their overall hobby, including cards that they have not bought on Golden, but they want to have stored in one place. Second would be from a content perspective. So actually just creating educational content, whether that's newsletters, podcasts, videos, glossaries, indices,  things with a better easier UI. You can also have better content that tells the story and then better pricing data where they feel safe making that decision. Just like you've analyst reports in the public markets you should have technology product and content that tells that story in golden with the right data that's very easy to consume. So you can come in from day one making foreign decisions whether you're a collector an investor or both and feel safe about what you do. Ken we got to hear the wildest story you got man. I feel like you got some crazy crazy life  cards, including like 16 I paid him a dollar card, u how many millions of dollar a lot of, you know, from from the, stories. A real good one to me. Literally last wee when they were young, when t it was a 2000 playoff con and they went to a card sho  We got a graded, came back in 8.5 with a 10 autograph, which means that their $8 purchase in 2000 is going to sell for close to $2 million. So that is, that's a good one. What's the most unusual thing? These are all stories of people making money. What's the craziest, most unusual thing? Craziest, well, I think possibly selling, when we sold Brady's underwear, we sold  Instagram that I happen t my ex wife threw away a l not that we have a bad r was making a collage and cutting out these collages was spared and it was me w at Madison Square Garden, me a hug right after he was r one wearing the Orlando ca up his card that I produc of him with uh, you know,  feel and it was it was it that perspective that I act for another 500 grand, but it's it's it's it's good, we're good. stories always always for me the best. I mean, I think back and I sat with, you know, Hank Aaron in the you know, for hours and hours and hours, but I think, you know,  you're not saying. Oh, God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, so we had a contract with Gretzky and he had his Jersey stolen from the spectrum and we ordered jerseys that were specific to specific to the player to his size and specifications.  I was thinking about thinking about another ridiculous one with, damn, you should have prepped me for that one. I'll have it for next time. But- The problem, Joe, you got any more questions? Are you gonna write a thread about Golden auctions now? Can we get a time for a thread?  If you're going to buy, you know that you're going to get what you're actually paying for. I think I could see in a world in five years where we're outside of what we're known for, which is sports. And we've diversified more into other verticals and it's a mobile first experience that's very consumer and social driven and a very large community layer on top of that. So I think we can accomplish that four or five years from now, but that's where we'd like to be. Makes sense. Ken, where can we find you on the Internet if somebody listening to this doesn't know where you are?  four days. I've posted 60 videos and I haven't broken a thousand yet. So that shows you how trading card crazy the world is. I mean, I'm not doing a dance. I'm not, you know, social media guys said we're making your TikTok. I said, I'm not dancing. He goes, no, you're going to talk about cards. And I said, okay, how's that going to be interesting? So I did three, four things. I talked about cards and all of a sudden I've got maybe by now 600,000 views. So, but yeah, just add Ken Golden everywhere and hopefully you find me.  that the business obviously speaks for itself and the world is definitely sporting car drunk right now, which is fun. I kind of agree with you guys that it's only going to continue to grow and wish you guys the best for big fans and can't wait to see what you guys do next. Thanks for having us.