 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  management, got into Bitcoin back in 2013 and was lurking really for a few years, just working more normal jobs outside the space. And then I ultimately jumped into the decentralized internet, you know, more blockchain industry in 2017, where I joined up in one of the first roles with a company in Boston called Nebulous making SIA, the decentralized cloud storage project. We also did Obelisk, where we were making cryptocurrency ASIC miners. And  facing hardware for Bitcoin and a decentralized internet. What was the impetus for a starting foundation? Was it something that in the previous work you were doing, like, hey, I got to go do this? Was it a specific product? Just tell me the stories, how you originally thought of like, we got to go do this under the foundation brand. Yeah. I think it was a combination of two things. One was a longer term, more mission oriented, and then the other was a short term, like we want to make the specific product.  that we need to start a hardware company that is focused on building hardware that's compatible with the space. And then more of a shorter term and more like a practical approach is that we'd been using hardware wallets for a long time. I remember back in 2013, 2014, I was even before hardware wallets existed, I was storing my Bitcoin on like an air gapped computer where I would remove the wifi card and transfer things with like thumb drives  just knew that it was a UX problem. And we thought that we could just make a really like a next generation hardware wallet to make it much easier to, you know, store your Bitcoin and also just more secure and to hopefully get all those coins into user hands because the space only works if people have sovereignty and if people are actually storing their own keys. So we set off to make this protocol passport, this new hardware wallet, which we're on track to ship by the end of March.  back in 2019 and then early 2020 came around and the halving and all that. And obviously the pandemic started and we were just saying to each other, like there's going to be a new bull market. And if we go through another bull market without like a hardware wallet that could appeal to a larger mass of consumers, then all of these coins might end up on Coinbase or other exchanges. And look, I mean, obviously there's nothing wrong with exchanges.  exactly what we needed to do to make this product. There aren't any, you know, we weren't restricted by like manpower. We weren't restricted by capital. We knew what we wanted to make for this Gen 1 device. And we knew that we could bring it to market in less than a year. When, if we were looking at other devices, we weren't sure, you know, if there's a market for them, if there's enough demand, they might be more expensive to develop, or even much more expensive or difficult on the software side. So we just figured like, rather than be that startup that raises  And what we're trying to do is make the best combination of security, user experience, and then also just general kind of product design and feel so that it feels like a really great product. So, you know, on the security side, everything we do is open source. And so the hardware designs, the hardware schematics, you could actually go download like our circuit board design files and see how the board is made, see what components are used. Then obviously all the firmware, which is the software that runs on the device,  to us. However, we're also using a security chip, which is called a secure element, which makes it much more secure. So like Trezor is a great example of an open source hardware wallet. Their hardware and their firmware is also open source, but because they don't use a security chip, you can extract the private keys in like 15 minutes usually with commonly available hardware. And Kraken has done some good posts about that. And so that's okay as long as you keep your  to just know how to use the device from the second you power it on. And then we also really wanted to encourage like fast use and best security practices. And so we use a full air gap with a camera and QR codes as the primary way of transacting. And that's what makes us really different from this existing generation of hardware devices where instead of having to go to your computer, plug the USB cable into your hardware wallet, take a few minutes to like open  it mobile first. And the cool thing about that is, you know, and another way that we're different in approach is that our goal is like mass compatibility with every popular software wallet and service. So whether that's like Casa, Blue Wallet, you know, Unshamed Capital, hopefully even working with exchanges at some point, the idea that you can like withdraw your Bitcoin into cold storage, but you don't have to leave that existing user interface that you're in. And so you can kind of move  people who are going to watch this are going to say, why is open source so important? Right. Like, like I get it. People always talk about it, but why is it, especially in the Bitcoin world, why is the open source component so important? I think before Bitcoin, it was just not that important. Right. Before Bitcoin open source was something that you would expect to see for like, especially on the hardware side, you'd expect to see like very developer oriented products, like, you know, bare circuit boards and stuff as open source more for like the hackers.  and as the Bitcoin market cap grows, it actually incentivizes bad behavior because all it takes is like a single rogue employee or something at a company making a hardware wallet or some other device that's throwing your Bitcoin to maybe insert some kind of backdoor or some kind of vulnerability in there and then your coins could be gone. And so hardware is really hard because you're always in a sense trusting the company that you're buying  And that'll scale up as we, you know, we and other companies make other devices, whether it's, you know, laptops or phones or other things in the future. And so just the auditability and the open and transparent security is really important. And that's exactly how Bitcoin works, right? The Bitcoin core software is completely open source and it would have never succeeded if the software was closed source and you didn't know how it worked. And then there's this one other aspect that maybe is a little bit more like a higher level  always starting from scratch when you go to make a new hardware device. And so we kind of hope as like a secondary benefit that we can help lower the entry to other companies that are looking to make hardware. Then if we're building on the same kind of like hardware libraries or hardware designs, then if those designs have really been put under the microscope by security researchers, it gives consumers more confidence that like this hardware is secure. And like you look at most companies today, it's so difficult to make even like a security chip like Apple's,  So speaking of Apple, I think a lot of people when they think of open source software, they say, you know, hey, there's a security element, there's an ethos element, but these are experience socks, right? Or the user interfaces. It's kind of counterintuitive, right? Because you're optimizing for everything else other than that. I think you've got this thought process, though, that you can build open source hardware or software, and you can make it just as competitive from the beauty and the elegance and the simplicity that an Apple like product would have.  And when you usually think open source hardware, it's usually developed or created for this community that doesn't care at all what it looks like, doesn't care at all about the user interfaces. It's usually developers who want to buy a Linux laptop or want to tinker with a Linux smartphone or something like the Pine phone, for example, which is getting kind of popular in the developer circles. Bitcoin kind of fixes the incentives here. And for the first time ever,  and you introduce Bitcoin into the equation, all of the sudden you put value on the open source hardware because you know that it probably has a security model that is more transparent and potentially more secure because so many eyes are on it. And that kind of goes along with what I just said earlier. So I think the main thing is that, at least the way we look at it, and maybe even I personally look at it, is like, I never really cared about open source hardware before Bitcoin, right? Like Apple Fanatic, my first job at a house  Because of that, I just feel like the open source hardware where the hardware maker doesn't try to control what the user does on their device. The hardware maker gives the users privacy. The hardware maker doesn't try to hide or obfuscate how the device works or how the OS works. It's all out there. There's now a reason to buy that kind of hardware. And maybe before Bitcoin, that reason did not exist. For sure. And so we talked a little bit about Apple, but there's also Google.  mainstream. And we're seeing all these really, really cool applications. Whether you're a Bitcoin maximalist or not, I think a really great example that I like to use is Brian Armstrong at Coinbase did a tweet storm a few months back about how Apple forced them to remove the DAP store from the Coinbase app. That's really bad, right? And Bitcoiner might say, ha ha, it's a DAP store, who cares?  automatically, maybe if you read an article or listen to a podcast and you can kind of stream Bitcoin back to that content creator. There's all these like crazy cool business models that I think are unlocked by this whole new industry and the existing duopoly, you know, Apple and Google do not allow those business models to exist on their devices. Apple is obviously a bit more strict than Google, but Google too, I mean, Google had, has, you know, banned MetaMask multiple times. They've removed  with advertising. That's like its purest, most simple form. So they have no interest in giving users any kind of privacy whatsoever on their devices. Their entire model is about capturing that data. And then they've also doubled down on their app store. You can sideload apps into Android, but if you go into the developer settings and it's pretty scary, there's no easy way to install a separate app store on Android right now. And then Apple,  You know, it's like they can make, you know, maybe they'll make an AR headset or something, continue to expand the market or like with AirPods or other things like that. But if you start to look at what they've been doing with all the different service plays and then doubling down on, you know, the App Store, like, for example, with their public battles with Epic Games, the makers of Fortnite and then others, they really want to just capture a share of all that revenue on iOS. And how can they do that if, you know, developers want to start integrating  That's top of mind for us as we think about, you know, what hardware we want to build next. Yeah. How do you think that this plays into like just decentralized internet in general, right? We talked a lot about Bitcoin and kind of some of their hardware business models, but like, does that also disincentivize the adoption of the decentralized internet? Because it essentially kind of cuts off what they deem most valuable. I think it does. I think one of the things when you're building a decentralized internet is you want people to store their own keys.  are experienced significantly. So if we want consumers actually running their own nodes, running their own applications essentially, we need to provide them with a different type of product than the types of products that are being made by the existing hardware players. And we need to provide them with an operating system that is designed to be able to communicate back to maybe their hosted infrastructure or self-hosted infrastructure.  listening for communications with other applications running in the background on iOS, like some kind of smart contract or something, or even a Bitcoin wallet that is able to give you a push notification when a transaction comes in. If you don't have a centralized server, it's actually really hard to do. The Blue Wallet guys actually had to make their own server that you can run yourself if you want, but 99% of people just rely on Blue Wallet's hosted server to be able to serve you with  And that's Passport. And Passport, our goal for Passport is to be the best key manager and personal security device that you can have. And we're almost trying to create a new category of device. I think right now, you have a hardware wallet and we've seen some of the hardware wallet companies like Trezor do some cool stuff with making it a FIDO token or using it as like a password manager. And I think it works,  platforms, which is like everything is based on email and password. As we move from email and password to private and public keys, we're going to need to be able to give users a better way to manage those keys. And so passport becomes that air gapped device. And then for future devices, I don't know how much I want to talk about it, but we're aiming for the next product to be a node product. But rather than being built with a Raspberry Pi, it's  of security for these devices. So the idea that you could have like a Bitcoin multi-sig setup with, you know, like your phone, a node that sits on your desk or shelf at home, and then a hardware wallet, we think is a really, really cool feature and that you can kind of run yourself hosted applications yourself and kind of one click install those with an app store. So that's the next thing that we're working towards. And then we're also starting to work on the architecture and, you know, also raise some more  kinds of things that you just can't do on this current generation of hardware devices. Then of course, as we build all this, everything we do is open source, the hardware and the software. And as we make revenue, we're hoping to be able to reinvest that capital into the lower layers of the stack. Things like making chips that are open source and more secure, doing, you know, vertically integrating our manufacturing so that we're actually owning our own facilities, we're making these products. A lot of those  addressing this entire layer of like the physical stack. Yeah. What do you think is going to be the biggest challenge between here and like building some of the stuff you're talking about there? Is it just time? Is it money? Is it something kind of from an ecosystem standpoint? Is it regulatory? What do you think is the biggest challenge? I think that there's definitely definitely a money component. I think is probably the biggest challenge. And then I think there's also just a building  But it's really, really hard to directly compete with that Apple level UX, because so much of it relies on centralized infrastructure and also just having the capital to be able to make these custom chips and other things that Apple can do that are the best in the world right now. So we're going to be not as good in some areas and we're going to be really, I think, better in other areas. And then over time, we'll get better in all the areas. But I think it's going to require a community of early  we'll be able to have enough capital to just really easily close the gap in those other areas. Yeah, absolutely. Before we get into the rapid fire questions to wrap up, if somebody wants to learn more about the device, where can they go to learn more or potentially purchase one? You can go to foundationdevices.com and you can learn more about Passport on there. And we're doing a coupon code POMP for $10.  book that you've ever read? The Fountainhead. Why? I think that the protagonist there, who's an architect, and this is obviously not the most popular Ayn Rand book, right? Usually everyone goes for Atlas Shrugged or something, but I think the protagonist is looking to create in this book, you know, buildings that are completely unlike everything else out there. And he's a  So really amazing book and also just very design oriented and I like all that kind of design stuff. I love it. Second question, a little bit more personal sleep schedule. This comes to us from our friends already at sleep. I sleep on their thermoregulated bed. It's like an ice cube. I used to sleep six hours. Now I'm like eight or nine hours. I feel amazing. My wife says I'm way less cranky and just a better human being in general. What is your sleep schedule and how has that evolved over the years?  not working because the poppy wakes up at, you know, six 30. And so I'm trying to shift my schedule to be earlier. So I was very proud to go to bed at a before midnight last night. The puppy is changing your life. But I am interested in trying some of these, um, uh, smart, you know, mattresses and stuff. And I've noticed too that I'm big on the cold exposure and to do like a cold shower before bed, I sleep much better. Yeah. Eight sleep is the best one.  Since then, I've gone way down the deep end over the last maybe six months or so. And I'm constantly just looking out my window over the Boston skyline saying, you know, am I going to see something darting around up there? Hopefully. All right. So first of all, I don't want to take any credit for making Mike Solana converts on this podcast, but I will say that you and a couple of other people have specifically I listened to that podcast and I did whatever.  podcast, but they can get a little too strange. They get a little too weird, right? And so my biggest complaint is why is there not more video or photo evidence? It's 2021. Like, come on, guys. But we'll see. I definitely I definitely do believe it now. So we will not see a headline. Zach Herbert leads the charge to a storm area 51, but he will have his camera ready. I think I think the right thing to do is instead I feel like if I actually like if I took a year off and I want to just go  Yeah, just kind of in theme with what we're doing. I'm curious what you think of kind of self custody for institutions. Cause that's something that I know nothing about. My sense is, you know, a lot more about how it works on the backend there. And we think so much about self custody for individuals, but it's obvious that all these institutions are just going right to some custodial providers. I'm curious what you think, what you think we need in order for the institutions to actually hold their Bitcoin themselves. So I'll give you an anecdotal joke  So a lot of it is less about like, do they feel technically capable of doing it? Or do they have an appetite for it? It's more so just a complete cover your ass D risk from a career perspective. And so that's where qualified custodians and investment mandates and things like that come in a lot of the external third party due diligence processes and checklists on that. Now with all that said, that was me being overly kind and excusing why they want to do it. I have yet to meet a institution. There might be individuals that are  individuals, right, but they're still kind of an organization, they'll probably be the first to do it. And then eventually, you'll kind of get it to go through the through the, you know, kind of waterfall. I will say, though, that anyone who's acting on a fiduciary duty, so pensions, endowments, that type of stuff, I just never see them doing it, because they don't do it with any other asset, it's not a Bitcoin thing, it's just any asset. And it's just pure, like, I don't want to get fired, I don't want to, you know, have them come with pitchforks and tell me how I you know, I lost the Bitcoin because we self custody  So that's the best place to go. So am I my friend. So am I. I'm aware. Awesome. Thank you so much for doing this. I'm a huge fan of what you guys are doing. I think that we just need more people building this stuff. So keep going. We're big fans and we'll have to do it again in the future. Cool. Thanks so much. Thanks for having me on.