 Hey guys, what's up? I'm so excited for you to watch this interview. Before we get into this interview, I want to talk about our sponsor Prime XBT. If you're trading Bitcoin, you got to be using Prime XBT. Not only do they have global markets available to anyone, but they also have great execution, low fees, and an amazing user interface. The best part about Prime XBT is that you can also follow some of the best traders in the world. You go on, you find someone who you think is smart, and you can literally just follow their trades when they execute something.  Enjoy this one.  burning copies of it and selling them to my friends to pay for my DSL modem. And like, it was just amazing to have access to all this content at a time when like YouTube didn't exist, Facebook didn't exist. There was no SoundCloud, Spotify, et cetera. Meanwhile, here was literally every piece of audio, video, software, video games, et cetera, on these exclusive FTP servers that were highly organized and incentivized communities, not that dissimilar from the way crypto communities function today.  through my careers, I've always been fascinated with how media propagates online, how the value of that media is captured, which in the piracy era was not happening at all. And then in the sort of platform era, started to get captured more and more by platforms. And what I set out to do sort of after my years in Montreal was set up an artist management company to help artists leverage these new tech platforms to reach their fans directly and capture more of the value  royalties were administered in the traditional music business. And then I learned about Bitcoin in 2013 or so. And that was the turning point for me where I read the white paper and to me the most interesting thing was not the financial side of it, though I thought that was cool and still think it's really cool. But the fact that Bitcoin was this peer-to-peer network that was very similar in a lot of ways to the peer-to-peer piracy protocols  What about a digital media asset like an image, a video or song? If you could let the creator of that asset be discovered through the asset itself, they could capture much more of the value without having to depend on the platforms who intermediate that relationship today. And so that idea was the spark for a startup I co-founded in 2014 called Media Chain Labs, where we set out to do that. And I'll say, in hindsight, we were way too early. I think today, a lot of those ideas are being realized through NFTs,  years on their crypto investment team before spinning out variant last year. So I'll pause there. That was a lot. You get major props from coming on here and talking about Jay-Z right out of the jump. So cool for that. The other thing is we're probably similar age or at least ballpark wise. And I remember being in middle school or maybe even into high school and LimeWire was like really popular, but it was always like a Russian roulette. You didn't know if you're downloading a song or  So it's related to our thesis, which I call the ownership economy thesis. And so one lens to view what's happening in crypto is that for the very first time, we have networks that are worth billions and billions of dollars that are completely built, operated and owned by their users. So with Bitcoin, of course, the first example, there is no Bitcoin company. It's just a permissionless network.  And so naturally developers and technologists were the first to understand that, but increasingly more and more mainstream audiences are realizing, hey, I can actually earn some of the value I contribute to the products and services I use every day. So there was Bitcoin, there's Ethereum, in DeFi, there's lots of networks today that are owned by their users. A couple of good examples are Uniswap and Compound, which are both financial marketplaces. I'll pick Uniswap as an example. It's an exchange, not a market.  that have the objective of becoming community owned because we feel it's these types of networks will grow much faster and much larger than their sort of web two counterparts, which are largely owned by VCs. And that may sound counterintuitive because we are a venture capital firm, right? So how do we do business? Well, I think the strategy is one of backing founders at the earliest possible stage because building one of these companies  Step two is find users for that product, find product market fit, build a community. And then step three, start to figure out how to effectuate a distribution of ownership to that community, such that they're incentivized to continue to contribute and grow the network alongside the founders. And so that's what Variant sort of prides itself on doing, is helping founders get off the ground, build their community, and then actively participating in the networks that we invest in. Got it. And so when you talk about these networks,  process where if you're a lender, you can lend your stuff out without having to interface with the counterparty. As a borrower, you come in fully collateralized and are able to instantly borrow any assets that are on the money market at a rate determined by available supply and demand. Compound started, I think, late 2017, early 2018. The founder's name is Robert Leschner. He had this vision for this marketplace and raised  And so after clear signs of product market fit and growth, Compound said, you know what, this thing is better if we get out of the way and turn ownership over to the participants in the marketplace who are driving the value thing. And so what they did is they launched a token, a Comp token, and they distributed it directly to the users who are providing liquidity to the money market. So these are the users that make the marketplace valuable.  invested in growth. And so that's a really good example, I think, where distributing ownership to the users of the product is a really strong incentive to get them to actually use the thing. And that's why Compound has seen such rapid growth over the last two years, going from effectively zero to 10 billion in volume.  five Xs and you've got a million dollars of Bitcoin in the wrapped Bitcoin in the compound protocol, you now have 5 million without any new users putting more capital in. So TVL is a little bit misleading, but what it refers to is the value in the marketplace that is available to trade with. So in the case of Compound, which is a money marketplace, it refers specifically to the amount of capital that one can borrow  like the you don't want to like factor in the volates the dollar volatility of the crypto asset you want to look sorry I said dollar amounts I meant look at the crypto amounts in these these marketplaces and then the number of unique users that are putting in you know whatever the median is got it and so when people think through this walk through maybe the relationship between like the comp token right with the usage in the system so if there's no value that is being  parallel to stocks in that shareholders govern the corporations that they own. Similarly, token holders in these community owned networks govern the network. That's the similarity. I'd say what's a little bit different is the fact that tokens and shares don't have the same legal standing. There's a lot of new territory that needs to be explored and built up in the crypto space when it comes to governance.  developers have learned the hard way that if you build on top of closed networks, like if you build on top of Facebook or if you build on top of Coinbase or Robinhood users learn the hard way, if you use Robinhood, they can just shut you off, right? So what's different about a network like Compound is it runs on Ethereum. That means it's running on machines all over the world. And even if one of those machines is shut off, another one picks up the slack and the system keeps going. So developers have confidence building on top. Now, they're only confident  currently those fees just accrue to a treasury that's being reinvested in growth. But at some point governance could decide, you know what, this fee stream should be distributed to the user. So it's a claim on those cash flows. And that's where the stock connection I think is most at. Got it. And so what do you think is like the downside in terms of, it's very obvious why community owned networks would be valuable for the users. It's also pretty obvious why through financial incentives you could really bootstrap kind of the  of directions, it can slow you down, it can force you to optimize for short-term profits over long-term growth. And so I think that's one of the potential downsides that founders need to think about when they're going through this process of progressive decentralization and turning over ownership to users. You don't want to do it too soon. That's what happened in 2017 when there were all these ICOs. They kind of had the right idea where they're like, we should give our users ownership, and then they'll be incentivized to try our thing. The problem was, they hadn't  your decision-making process is beholden to governance, right? And so how do you remain competitive? I think a good sort of lesson the founders can look to is, you know, Visa actually started as a cooperative and that, you know, a bunch of banks came together, pooled money, built this network and grew the network effects of the payment system really quickly because they all had skin in the game to do so. But as it grew and competition got more fierce,  allow you to distribute value very granularly and programmably so, like in an automated fashion, we'll be able to make cooperatives a lot more efficient, like a lot more automated than they've been in the past and thus a lot more competitive. So I think this market structure can scale. Let me think about the difference between equity and tokens as you deploy capital. So you mentioned that your venture capital fund, and I'll kind of put that in air quotes because I think people think generally like, hey, you go buy equity,  with a warrant for tokens. And so there's really two separate components here. The reason, you know, so I'll start by saying a lot of the companies that we invest in, they do have a very specific goal, which is to become a decentralized network coordinated by a token, just like Bitcoin and Ethereum and so on. So the expectation is that a lot of the value of what's being built will ultimately accrue to the token. But in the short term, the reason  something different. Equity preserves the alignment. In 2017, a lot of investors were buying SAFs, which were a promise for tokens in the future. The problem that can occur with that structure is a team is committing in advance to say, we're building a network with this specific token. Maybe that doesn't make sense as the market evolves. It doesn't allow for the flexibility that's important to early stage startups.  the network does need to be sufficiently decentralized at that point, which typically means that a lot of the tokens aren't just going to founders and investors, but are also going to the actual users who are operating the network on a go-forward basis. Makes a lot of sense. I want to switch gears and talk about what seems to be the topic de jour, which is NFTs, non-fungible tokens. Last year, I think it was September, I wrote this thing publicly just saying, hey, look, I think digital art is going to be bigger than traditional art,  than just digital art. So what is your kind of thought process and maybe at a high level, just like when you think of NFTs today, why do you think that is interesting or valuable? Yeah, so I think of NFTs sort of through the lens of the ownership economy thesis, right? So again, the idea that in the future, the next big products on the internet are going to be built, operated and owned by the users. And when you think about media on the internet today,  can monetize it how you see fit. That's what's allowed the platforms that are dominant today to capture so much of the value that their users create. What's different about NFTs is it inverts the ownership model of media where it allows creators to own their media in the same way they can own a Bitcoin. You can now own a digital media asset in the same way you own a digital currency asset. That is directly without any third party in between.  important because it aligns incentives between creators and collectors where if you actually own a collector's work or a creator's work, you're kind of incentivized to help them grow their profile. You want to see them succeed because that has direct consequences for the value of the work that you own, which you can later resell. So I sort of refer to this concept as patronage plus, where in the internet to date, you've been able to patronize creators  between creators and their audience in a better way than web two platforms have been able to. And beyond art, I think this medium opens up to every piece of media on the internet. It's memes, it's digital assets for games, it's collectibles like NBA Top Shot. I used to collect basketball cards as a kid. So the fact that these are digital is amazing and that means you can do more with them, right? So critical thing is unlike paintings, unlike basketball,  that make it more valuable. So today, the baseline is I collect this stuff because I like it. I think it's interesting. I think it's valuable. I might be able to resell it for more. Tomorrow, I collect this stuff because it's mine and developers are building stuff to make it have more utility and more interesting. And so developers are going to have to start catering to users and creators to get them to mint stuff and bring their stuff  carry the painting around, like very, very simple stuff. When I display it, I can literally have that picture on the wall rather than it be static. And the only way to change is to literally take it down and put another one. I could have it changed by the hour, by the season, by the lighting in the room. Like there's all these things that you can do with the display of it and kind of have the variation. But what really started to fascinate me was if you look at the traditional art market with like a Sotheby's or something, they bring all these people together for these auctions. Now what you can basically do is take a digital file.  of the technology where you're like, this kind of gives you a peek around the corner as to what somebody may be able to do in the future. And they're kind of just touching on it now. Yeah, there's so much on it. The space is moving so quickly. So I feel like I'm talking to the experts. So come on. Yeah, I'll give you a few different examples. So one is on the financial side of things. I think there's, you know, to your point in the traditional art world, you know, there's a lot of gatekeepers. There's galleries, right?  specify in an NFT when the creator mints it that they should get a royalty in perpetuity whenever it's resold. That is a very basic thing that you can do with programmable art today that you can't do with legacy or you could, but it'd be really hard to track down all those secondary sales and get the payments that you're owed. That's very easy to automate and programmable and happening right now. Another financial example is there are people  finance side. I think on the more creative side of things, today there's lots of game developers building cool games that are crypto-native. To be fair, the big game companies haven't caught on to this yet. A lot of the games, as a result, are janky. They're fun for people who are way down the rabbit hole, but they show a promise, which is today, you can bring your game asset from one game to another. You can't do that with Fortnite.  and VR are more common in our daily lives. You're going to see a lot more of this and users are going to come to demand that portability that comes from true digital ownership. And further, developers, the big game studios are going to realize we can actually make more money by leaning into this because again, we can capture a portion of the resale value that's happening in sketchy ways outside of our platform today. I think bottom line, the way I'd sum it all up is free market economies are the best engine of growth. We don't have free market economies  like platforms that end up being valuable. Is it the artist ends up being kind of the most valuable component? Is it the platform that helps to mint the NFTs? Is it the exchanges? Is this all centralized infrastructure? Is it decentralized infrastructure? Like I think people are very focused on if you take like top shot as an example, right? You've got a centralized entity that's actually creating these in partnership. They've done a licensing deal for intellectual property. Like it feels very similar to,  in the crypto space today is blockchains themselves that are the property right systems, like Bitcoin, Ethereum, most valuable networks. I think the blockchains where these assets are issued will continue to benefit from increased property being issued and tracked on the chain. Another area that's captured a lot of value in crypto today, independent of NFTs are wallets, things like Coinbase and hardware wallets and the places where people  owned groups that curate these items, right? So in a world where every image, every video, every song is issued as an NFT, it then becomes a question of what is valuable? And that's the role that galleries play in the art market is sort of filtering through the noise and creating the context that makes these assets valuable. And I think we'll see a similar kind of curatorial layer emerge in the NFT world, but instead of it being Sotheby's or Christie's  extrapolate that out to all investing in this space, not just NFT investing. It may be the case that variant fund three is not a venture fund run by me, but something that is actually community owned if the SEC would let us do that. Those are some early ideas. I think just maybe one last one in where NFTs will capture value. I didn't mention it specifically, but it's the assets themselves. Content is king.  It's something that when you said earlier about like the idea of creators launching these NFTs and value almost accruing as a creator or an individual becomes more popular, more valuable, however you want to kind of measure it. It feels like there's some movement in this social money space. It hasn't really kind of taken off. It hasn't reached kind of any level of mainstream adoption from what I've noticed. But like, what are your thoughts there? And is that something that would be competitive kind of with NFT? Is that a complimentary thing? Is it binary?  to spend an hour with you, cost 10 popcorn or something like that. So it's a really interesting idea that I think is there's a lot of fertile ground for experimentation there, right? Because like there's, again, it's all about aligning incentives between creators and their audience. That's what NFTs do. You buy something from a creator, now you own it, you can resell it if their profile grows at a profit, right? So the alignment of incentives is what's driving the growth in this ecosystem.  where essentially I'm backing you as a creator, I get a cut of all your revenue streams. So not unlike a record deal or a sports contract or something like that, right? But that has lots of implications that are legal. And so we haven't seen a ton of experimentation on the financial side. Other folks come at it from more the angle of like, it's the new fan club, right? You used to buy a membership to an artist fan club,  of your NFT are given some social money, because they're already your biggest fans, they bought your work, right? And then they get access to whatever the social tokens enable. So I think we will see the confluence of these two things come together. But the reason I think NFTs are having their moment first is that the interaction model between creator and audience is well understood. I'm buying your work. That's something like we understand really well. Whereas the social money interactions are sort of new and unfamiliar. And so there's gotta be a lot more experiments run before something catches up.  with you to new contexts. I think that's, we're in the sort of early eruption phase of the hype cycle where it's all about getting into the market, speculating buying and the prices of these assets are going crazy. Crypto punks, which is sort of the first crypto collectible NFTs issued on Ethereum back in 2017, they're selling for like millions of dollars right now. So we're in this frenzy phase. Inevitably, there's going to be a cool off period, like any market cycle.  That's really, really fascinating.