 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  starting a startup that went nowhere. I ran out of money within three months and I had zero money left. So I had to find a job. I started working as a programmer somewhere in the Netherlands. And there I met Sid who was starting this crazy little startup and he was like, yeah, maybe you should join me. The startup turned out to be GitLab. So I joined the team when it was founded and helped grow that to 500 employees or so for five years. I left GitLab specifically to found remote. So that's a real short story. We got to talk about GitLab real quick because  today that this is probably the preferred way of building a business. It's much more efficient and it gives significant more freedom to individuals. You just have to learn to live without an office. So what is the secret to doing it though? Right? It's, we know it's possible. We see some examples. GitLab, I think is the largest remote company in the world. What is the secret to making it a high performance team? That's a good question. I don't think there's one secret. I do think that there's a few realizations you have  And so in a remote setting, you get a lot of stuff for free, but that's you don't get for free. And what you have to do to solve that is you have to create those moments where people come together. There's not an agenda or not necessarily an agenda. There is maybe something that, you know, takes away your focus so that you're not just focused on talking with each other. And it can be playing a game, having like just a hangout together or, you know, virtual drinks, whatever else, but you need to create those kinds of moments. And you need to do that.  core piece. What about like systemization of stuff? I think that's one thing I've heard from a lot of folks is just like you've got to build different types of systems, but also a lot more systems because you've got to be more intentional about how the work gets done. Yeah, I think the most fundamental thing is that you have to think about the single source of truth for any piece of information. And in that single source of truth, you have to log everything, every decision, every action, every event. And so that means that if you are  and this is the conclusion we have. And if you don't do that, what is going to happen is that you're going to create an organization where people have to constantly ping each other and they have to call each other. They have to send each other Slack messages. And this is actually one of those things that you hear very often, right? Like I hate working remotely because I feel like I'm always being attacked by notifications. And the problem is, is that you have to, you're not writing things down. People can self-serve to the information. And so you have to create a system for this. And the system has to be write everything down, write down decisions, write down actions.  or if you use project management tool like Asana, where you write down, this is where this information lives and everybody knows where to find it. That is absolutely fundamental. Without that, your organization is gonna be feel horrible because you always have to be on calls. Yeah, it's so funny too because what the intentionality and the systemization really does is it leads to a more efficient organization as well. Like there's something to be said if you took that same intentionality and brought it to the regular workplace, how much more productive would people be in office as well?  I was just saying, you have to have a place for documentation, even if it's just to write down like, this is how we work. And many offices don't have that because, you know, you walk into the office, sit through your desk, that's how you work. If you have a meeting, you go to the meeting room. So you start there. I'm going to create some sort of documentation where everybody can contribute and help that, help expand that. And I'm going to write down, this is how we work. And how we work starts with, we all work a hundred percent of the time remote. It means that you can be in the office, you can be at home, you can be the other side with plans.  and you sit in a meeting room, you have to have a setup there that makes sure that people can join from the outside. Or, and this is actually what we end up doing sometimes at GitLab, is we were in the same building, but everybody sat behind their laptops on Zoom, which feels very weird, but it's very useful because it makes that the difference between remote participants and local participants is near zero. Everybody has the same exact view. That is where you start. You start by writing those decisions down and saying, this is how we work.  okay, I'm gonna do documentation, I'm gonna be remote first, 100% remote as you described it. How do I go about evaluating these tools? It feels like everyone now sees that there's this remote shift happening and everyone's building tools all over the place. And rather than being attacked by notifications, I'm attacked by all these different product pitches. What are some of the things I should look for in the tools or how should I go about evaluating what actually is gonna be effective for me and my organization? Yeah, this space is moving incredibly fast.  the onboarding experience of joining an organization and being told, well, these are the 20 tools we use, and then you have to learn what the information goes where. That's not a good experience. So that's where I would start. I would start very simple. You need something to do video calls. If your team is big, it has to be Zoom. Nothing else supports large amount of teams, right? At remote, we have 100-something employees. Zoom is the only one that will really work. But if you have a smaller team, there's loads of amazing companies, for example, Whereby that build really nice video tools. And then it's just a matter of flavor.  And I can talk with my colleagues while also doing other work. So it feels like easy, low threshold to join. It doesn't feel like heavy, like in the people are watching me while I'm doing it. And I can talk with my colleagues and I can easily leave or switch channels. And there's also lots of tools for this. Tandem is pretty good, which connects directly to Slack, but what we use at remote, for example, we just use Discord, which is, you know, used by millions of people around the world. And it's actually really, really great for this. And then, you know, the documentation piece is really tricky.  But they are not yet made for very large teams. So at remote today, we use notion internally and you know notion had a bunch of downtime recently. That's very painful. If that's like your most important source of information, but also is like we have so much information there today that the search is not very good. So that's still very early days. My answer to that is like literally just try out what works for you. Like it's very early days. I think none of them are good enough yet to like support larger teams. But if your team is like, you know, below 20 people can basically  to not use Slack at all. And they use something like Twist or the new one that was just released, Quill, which looks really nice. But most teams just use Slack and it's fine on Microsoft Teams. And then that's basically it. Beyond that, it's all the tools that you are already using, project management tools, VRM, et cetera. So one of the things I want to talk about is this idea of asynchronous communication versus synchronous. First, just describe kind of the two different camps of thought and then what you see as the pros and cons between the two. Yeah.  no expectation of a direct answer. It means that I can reorganize my own time. So I can have a block of work in the middle of the day of four hours where I say I'm doing deep work and I'm not responding to any incoming things, notifications from second, whatever. And then I squeeze in all the little messages, requests, and everything else in a particular block in the day. And I'm going to respond to them there. That is really what asynchronous work is all about, that you get the freedom to reorganize your own time and, and  asynchronous work allows. It's very important to realize that one is not a replacement for the other. You can work asynchronous most of the time. It's still very pleasant to just talk to someone. And if you have a quick back and forth, or if you really want to collaborate on something, yeah, you should probably just set up a call or work together at the same time in Figma on the design. That's essential to work. So I wouldn't necessarily, at remotes, we do a lot of asynchronous work, but we do a lot of synchronous work as well. It would be impossible to just  That's not the most pleasant experience. So yeah, pros and cons of both with asynchronous work is fundamental to making remote work work well. I want to talk also about another form of the synchronous communication you alluded to it earlier. It's this idea of almost whether it's a Zoom room, right? Where kind of somebody has a personal room, you can jump in at a certain time and you know they'll be there. Whether it's some sort of audio communication where everyone's just kind of hanging out, the audio's on. If you want to talk, you could talk. If not, then you're just all kind of doing work. What do you find is one of the best ways  And so, and we use different tools for different things. So we have six times a week bonding time, which is a 30 minute block and it spread for me, I'm in Europe, so in early morning for me and in a late day for me, so that in one time I overlapped with APAC and the other time I overlapped with the US because we have people all over the world. And that's a Zoom room. And we tend to have an icebreaker question like, you know, what is the best food you ever ate or, you know, something more interesting than that. And that's then everybody joins the Zoom room, opt-in,  they feel like throughout the day and people go in and out and out and yeah, you just, you set it up, you create an expectation around the organization. And then in the beginning, especially if your team is larger, you have to see it a little bit. So you have to like, especially as leadership hang out there very frequently. Tell people I'm hanging out here, you know, come chat with me a bit over time. People start to pick it up and they, you know, hang out there and chat with each other. But yeah, it's just a matter of like setting up the discord, buying this app and just always having it on. And it's, it's nice.  same at the time. So it was very, very easy. My, but the way we are going to do it post vaccine at remote is very similar to how we did it at GitLab, which is once a year, once every nine months, bring the whole company together at great expense in a nice location in a hotel and for several days. And it just focuses on bonding and having fun. So not the work getting work done, not making plans, but just about bonding within the team and then provide budgets so  at remote, we have a policy, we will pay for lunch. If there's like four colleagues coming together, we will always pay for lunch because we want them to do that. And then the time you spend however you want it, it's nice to work together, but it's also nice to just hang out. Yeah. And so I guess as part of this, do you think about bringing the entire team together at any one point? Or is it actually more advantageous to say, Hey, everyone in APAC or everyone in the US, everyone in Europe, and almost do it like on a team product or like a division standpoint? I guess  control, which also happens a bunch of times, but it is something special. The one thing that I, you know, remote grew really fast over the past year. And sometimes I still have like, is this really real? You know, like we have our all hands that I see like a hundred people behind their camera, but I'm like, is this real? And I think the nice thing about like really bringing everybody together is exactly that. It's like, well, it feels real and it's nice to have dinner with these people and like see everybody  fly all over the world, but it's a smaller team which makes it much more manageable. Or for example, a team that works on particular product. Absolutely. When you think through remote.com, go back to last year, before the pandemic hits, you've got this idea, what was that original idea? And then walk me through kind of what's transpired over the last 12 months or so, because as you mentioned, you have grown very, very quickly. Yeah. So I left GitLab specifically to solve the problem we face there, which is  they said, well, I can't count on receiving my payslip or even my money on time. So remote was founded specifically to solve that problem. And early on, we thought, well, we're just going to work with a bunch of local partners and it's, you know, that will allow us to do exactly this. What we discovered really quickly was that that is not viable for us. We want to create like a really excellent business. We want to be very fast, but we also want to be very cost effective. And the only way for us to really do that is to vertically integrate.  And I think in May or so, we started with the first few employees. And yeah, we were starting to feel already the pressure because, you know, in March, COVID happened across the world. Suddenly there was a huge boom, boom related to remote work. We had, we were called remote. It's, it's pretty good name to have in this time. And the month was overwhelming for us to be able to open new country. It takes anywhere between three months to more than a year and six months.  The mission of the company is to just provide opportunities to people everywhere. And I think it is really cool to see the amount of people that are now able to get jobs, really well-paying jobs with really amazing companies. We see really, really cool companies as our customers that hire people literally all over the world, often in countries where I didn't know where they were until  great wage, you know, you should be able to have an awesome job and like have a good career. You shouldn't have to move to a particular city. And yeah, we're seeing that that is possible. And that's, that's, that feels, you know, when it was like one or two people, I was like, yeah, you know, as a fluke man, these people don't know what they're doing. But now we have hundreds of people employed through us and that's really, really cool to see. I love it. When you think about the international hires, payment complexity is one of the biggest nightmares when it comes to all of this. There's a lot of people who think that a Bitcoin  So if you're employed in the Netherlands, you get Euro. If you're employed in the United States, you have to be paid in USD. Those are easy. In many countries, the local currency can be either highly volatile or it can just be very hard to find anyone that can actually convert a currency for you. That can actually be a problem. On top of that, receiving money is harder than it sounds in many different places.  It's incredibly difficult. It's harder to open a local bank account than it is to set up a local entity in most cases. I had to fly to multiple countries and post COVID, I had to do all sorts of weird things. I literally have different colored pens on my desk because I have to wet sign so many documents every day. The kind of stuff just to open a bank account is crazy. And then once we're there, it still tends to be incredibly hard to just work with them at all. And then we, as a business, we have to think about our customers, we invoice them and we  What we're going to do is we're going to estimate how much it's going to cost and then we're going to charge this. Well, now instead of just like paying someone's salary, you're charging for a product. So you have to charge, you have to pay taxes over that bid that you're like, that's your fake hedge. Like there's no way out. And we face this every single day. And so, you know, we work with the number of like really large partner banks that have bank accounts all over the world and it makes it easier, but it does not solve any of these issues.  Now, for sure, that's inferior technologies. It can take days for transactions to complete. Even then, they often bounce. We have all sorts of problems with it. Now, cryptocurrency has a huge potential to solve these kinds of things, but it's never allowed. We always have to pay in local currency. There's exceptions to this. If someone is a contractor, they're willing to accept it. You could imagine, we haven't done this, but you could totally imagine setting up something local that then automatically converts into cryptocurrency if everybody  you mean offshoring? And we said, no, companies just hire great people that just haven't delivered in your country. And that's already a brick of it, especially, but still today, it's a really big challenge that we face. And so, yeah, it's horrible. Cryptocurrency, really, it is a solution. It is a solution. It would be great if we could just use Bitcoin for all of this. And it would totally solve everything. It would be instant. You would have it wherever you wanted. We don't have to worry about borders. But now we are constantly thinking about all sorts of bank  have a place out of your home to be able to work from. And I think there will be plenty of companies that will provide office space. Of course, there's plenty of co-working space and those will continue to do better and better, but there will be many companies that will continue to have offices or even prefer to have offices. What I do think is that governments and laws are pushing for forcing remote work in a lot of ways. We see this in the Netherlands where the law essentially states, unless there's really good reason that you cannot  in  more about remote.com. Well, yeah, remote is very easy remote.com. I can get it wrong. And me, you can email me directly. It's just your pet remote com or you can find me on Twitter, which is my first name, V, oh, yup, V, oh. All right, before we get to rapid fire, how did you get the URL? There's got to be a good story here. Someone else was running business on it. So I said, you know, I have a good idea. I think I could do better what you're doing right now. And I'm lucky that like the owners of them, they, they worked with  It's the man who mistook his wife for a hat by Oliver Sacks. It's a really, really fun book. It's not very long. It's like 200 pages. And the reason why I say that book is because that set me off on studying neuroscience, becoming a great deterministic person in the sense of how I think about the world. And in neuroscience, I think that I got the foundation of the person who I am and how I think about things, which is you have to really know your shit. That's how I think about it. If you don't  What is your sleep schedule and how has that changed over time? I wanted to eat sleep so bad. I don't think they shipped them to Portugal or in the Netherlands. I wanted so bad. I'll help you get one. Don't tell anybody. Okay, good. Yeah, thanks. They're gonna kill me for every time I talk to somebody in Europe, like they don't ship here. I'm like, oh, let's see what we can figure out. We'll figure it out. Yeah, no, that's awesome. Yeah, I really want one. I have two kids below one of two and one of seven months. So I usually like I go to  chance that there's some life somewhere given the size of the universe and the amount of stars and planets there are. I think one interesting thing I think about very often is how poorly we can actually observe the universe directly from the Earth or even through satellites, right? If you think about, if we think about like how many moons Jupiter has, for example, you know, we're like, oh, there's a lot of them. But now and then there are some that we are, we're not sure if there's another moon. There could be another moon.  I think borders are the bane of my existence. And I think the internet helps a lot with that. And I think tools like Zoom and it's easiest, but in the future, VR and AR. What do you think the future of countries is like? Will there still be countries in, I don't know how many years? I think there will definitely be countries. I kind of think of that as like, that's a manifestation of the physical and analog world.  they look like. And I think the part that I'm most excited about is competition in the open market. So if people can now live wherever they want, governments will compete for those citizens. And you see that, you know, inside the United States, you see cities and states and doing it kind of on a more micro level. But on the macro level, you're going to see countries do it. And so if all of a sudden you can choose between, you know, Estonia, Singapore, Portugal, the United States, I don't know, Argentina, or Nigeria, where are you going to go?  an EU citizen, I have a lot of freedoms within the EU and even outside of the EU, but I have friends from Ukraine, for example, that are severely limited in where they can travel. And even if they travel, it's a pain, even to very otherwise very open countries. And my hope is that borders dissipate with this competition. And I'm curious to see if everybody's going to live in Portugal, where the weather is always good, or whether it will actually be more evenly distributed.  So I appreciate the time left this again in the future. Thanks, Anthony.