 Hey guys, what's up? I'm so excited for you to watch this interview before we get into this interview. I want to talk about our sponsor Prime XBT. If you're trading Bitcoin, you got to be using Prime XBT. Not only do they have global markets available to anyone, but they also have great execution, low fees, and an amazing user interface. The best part about Prime XBT is that you can also follow some of the best traders in the world. You go on, you find someone who you think is smart and you can literally just follow their trades when they execute something.  enjoy this one.  to see Berkeley political science department had 45 professors and the one woman who of course was not a professor was just an adjunct lecturer. And it became pretty clear to me that that was not gonna be a great way to go. So a variety of just complete coincidences, I got offered a job to be the first and only political scientist, because I was getting my PhD in poly side at bank of America. And that's how I got into finance.  executive officer of the bank said he didn't feel good about making a young woman a senior vice president. I thought damn that's happening all over again just like academia. So I thought maybe I was 32 at the time I'll try starting my own company because if I can make it go now is the time to try it and I did and it's been great ever since. You have this amazing story and you're just a wealth of knowledge. So I want to start with the most important question which is what the hell  because the Fed does have an enormous role powering or reversing inequality, economic inequality in America. And the reason for that is fundamental to what central banks like the Federal Reserve do. No agency in the United States drives money as powerfully as a central bank. That's what central banks do. It's called monetary policy. And money is really the thing  operates. Though it's hugely important, even if it's often invisible.  much the same amount of debt, then central bank policy would move neutrally through the economy. So think about it this way. If we all had 10% of our wealth in the stock market, whether or not that 10% of the wealth was $10 million or $10,000, every time the market goes up, we would be proportionally richer. It would be an equitable decision.  they have in their houses is relatively small. And low and moderate income people don't own stocks, don't have equities, often don't even have little bits of 401ks. And if they own a home, they're often in even more debt and most of them are renters, often also saddled with lots of student debt. So you see that wealth isn't equally distributed in terms of where we get it. And so when the Fed  income people at very little stock, a whole lot of debt, and they can't even save because the money in the bank, as I said, in terms of inflation adjusted rates, you lose money. When rates are as low as they are right now, even with only a little bit in inflation, the money you put in the bank is worth less a year from now. Inflation is higher than interest rates, and that's a recipe for real inequality.  They don't understand how inflation works and therefore they end up saving because that's what their parents or somebody told them to do. But in reality, what they should be doing is after they've put away a little bit of money for the rainy day fund, actually investing, right? Kind of saving is for losers and investing is how you build real wealth in the country given in the macro environment that we live in. Well, it's true, except savings is often the only way well-reincompousals have because investing, if you don't do it carefully, it's very hard  most people when they bought stock in the markets, they held onto it for at least five years. Now people are day trading and going in and out of it minutes. So it's speculation in a lot of ways, not really long-term wealth accumulation. And I think savings is really critical. So when you think about what's played out over the last 12 months, I want to dig into kind of the federal reserves response, right? About 13 or 12 months ago,  went ahead and started to conduct quantitative easing in a historic and unprecedented way. Let's start just with the initial action. Like what was your take about a year ago when they started to be so aggressive in their response to the public health crisis? I think the thing that stunned me the most was the facilities the Fed put established because the last time the Fed looked at financial stability, it puts out a report twice a year on how stable the US financial system is.  did the financial system look great because banks were so safe. I said publicly at the time, all things so, this is very asymmetric. And that's what happened in March of 2020. And if you look, the Fed not only used its monetary policy tools, ultra-low rates and quantitative easing, it's a big portfolio, but it's established a series of facilities for the non-bank parts of the sector relying on banks to help the Fed.  zombie companies, right? Companies that were just bad businesses, they were bad capital allocators. And when you prevent the market corrections from occurring, kind of the bad businesses get to stay in business for longer. And so you don't get the redistribution of those resources, whether they're capital resources or intellectual resources. And so is that a systemic kind of risk moving forward? Is that there's just a lot of these zombie companies that are laden with debt, the government continues to bail them out, and it just creates a lot of drag on the system?  and it has no consequence. It's crazy, absolute insanity. As we continue to see the Fed through 2020, them and elected officials in cahoots with each other decided that their initial interest rate manipulation down wasn't enough. The first kind of creation of money through quantitative easing wasn't enough. And then we saw just an onslaught in markets, whether it was through various vehicles they set up, trillions and trillions of dollars in quantitative easing,  are essentially have to go up across all asset classes, not just stocks. Is that kind of your read on the situation? Well, I don't think I would, the Fed is not devaluing the dollar. I think there you have to look to fiscal policy with our tremendous debt. Ultra low interest rates do have an impact on the value of the dollar, but because the United States Treasury and we're still the reserve currency in the world and viewed as, quote, flight to safety, flight to quality,  and a half trillion dollars, we think we should get out of the market. The bond market, which was being propped up by the Fed's all those purchases said, oh, no, no. And the Fed said, oops, sorry. Even though the losses at that point were very relatively small and not in any way systemic, the Fed got spooked. And then same thing happened in 2018. The Fed said raised rates just a little bit. Stock market went down a bit.  debt. One of the most fascinating stats to me is I think it's since 2011, the federal income revenue, federal income tax revenue has gone up every single year, right? So we continue to collect more and more federal income tax revenue, but also every single year from 2011, the inter year deficit continues to get wider and wider and wider. So it seems like it's not a revenue problem. It's a spending problem. And it gets both. It's a spending problem. And it's a combined by who pays the tax.  for  it will keep rates, as you say, if they won't even start thinking about it until maybe 2023. I strongly disagree with that because if the economy takes back off in the second half of this year, we should normalize. The Fed should not run every feature of our economy. It's good at what it does, but it's not perfect. For sure. And so when you think about kind of if they're able to do it, so they have a commitment, they're saying that they're going to do it, they want to do it, let's give them the benefit of the doubt and say they're trying to do it,  Technology is deflationary. And so the Federal Reserve, no matter how hard they try, it will be nearly impossible for them to actually accomplish higher levels of inflation for a persistent amount of time. Where do you come out on those two schools of thought? The Fed generally doesn't try to create inflation or deflation. What it does is it tries to affect growth. And when you have a lot of, it's my, for example, stoking demand.  It generates employment because people want more stuff. Somebody's got to make or sell or service the stuff. And demand for a limited supply of stuff, supply will lag demand, leads to inflation. All of a sudden, everybody wants to take out a car loan, gets a car, car prices go up, and that's inflationary. So the Fed tries to balance how much borrowing it supports with ultra low rates versus how much  of assets like Bitcoins. Lower income people, middle class people already have more debt. And their debt cost them a lot more than the low rates the Fed charges because the markets often incorrectly think then risky. They may be buying stuff, but they're not generating growth. It's a very screwed up system because again, we're so unequal and the Fed is continuing to set policy as if we're the same United States we were in 1975. We're not.  And then I'd get to work and normalize. I think, and I know it's not easy, I think the Fed should do, and my book has several fixes for the Fed, and if I were a queen, I'd do them. One is I'd see America as it is. The Federal Reserve, when they talk about unemployment, they're only looking at one number that misses many people who are only working part-time,  which is you have to look at distributional data. I do that to understand America as it is. Then I would tell the markets particularly, get ready, we're going to normalize. Rates will rise gradually so that we can have households in living return on their savings accounts, that investors have safe assets and other choices. We're not all running around speculating and GameStop or Bitcoins.  let's call it bottom 60% of Americans, either they own very, very few stocks or own no stocks or other investable assets. What do they do? What's kind of the best thing that they can do in the given environment that we're living in? I'm not a household financial advisor. I'm afraid that if I gave people advice, it would be wrong. I do think it's really difficult. Watch your debt. And I know it's really hard  When you think about kind of looking forward, what do you think happens? We talked a little bit about what you would do if you were in charge. We talked about what's already happened. How does this play out? Do we get the higher levels of inflation and we get everything kind of back to normal? Is there some other scenario that you see? Just like what's your kind of prediction, if you will, moving forward? I work nights and weekends to write my book. I didn't need to write my book. I have a thriving company and a happy home wife.  seen a very angry country the last five, six years. And one of the reasons I wrote my book, I was thinking about these economic equality issues and the role of monetary policy. And then in 2015, 2016, then we had the 2016 election. And what I saw then was that Hillary Clinton took the feds line. The economy was in a quote, good place. And millions of Americans didn't agree. African Americans stayed home.  The really important thing about Federal Reserve policy is that we don't need new law. We just need the Fed to understand its role and revise it. That's among the easiest solutions I see in making America less unequal. Sure. And so when you think through this, it just feels like the world has shifted psychologically and people believe that that's why I said some of the go up.  months. Oh, and it's been it's not a temporary thing. We've had it since 2010 when the Fed decided that it would support the markets. It was so spooked by any instability in the financial markets that it stepped in and adjusted monetary policy. Though we won't have normal until the Fed normalizes, takes its hand off the economy, and lets markets discipline themselves. I mean, why wouldn't you speculate? Markets only markets indeed have always gone up. Now,  to get worse. I tend to agree. It's like the analogy of we are addicted to monetary intervention and monetary stimulus the same way a drug dealer or a drug addict is addicted to drugs, right? You just got to get a bigger and bigger hit to get the same high. And unfortunately, it feels like that's where we are right now. I am afraid that's right. But I think it can change. Again, I wrote my book trying to lay out it's got solutions and we can change. I hope we do. Yeah.  they feel like they can't fall behind and they're upset, they're angry and frankly, they're in a position where they're fairly helpless, which is not a position I think that the greatest country in the world wants to be in. Oh no, absolutely not. All right, I got three questions for you to finish up and then you get to ask me one to end us. The first is what is the most important book you've ever read? You warned me about this. I've been, the equivalent of muttering in my brain and obviously other than the big books,  I love that suggestion. That's a great suggestion. Second question, sleep schedule. I used to sleep five or six hours. Now I sleep eight or nine. Our good friends over at eight sleep. They are the ones who convinced me to sleep on this thermoregulated bed. Basically I make it freezing cold and fall asleep like a little baby and have a completely changed my life. What's your sleep schedule and how has that evolved over the years? I don't have anything fancy. I'm blind. So I have a guide dog.  really easy to get to sleep at night. So it's old school. Absolutely. I love that. Last question, aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? I am open to suggestion. I do think it's hard to believe, given what I know about people as I've gotten older, that if we're the best God could do for the universe, that's a very sorry thing to expect. I hope there are others and I hope  doing it for a while. Absolutely. You get to ask me one question to finish up. What do you got for me? I think when you're in Miami now, Anthony, you told me, how are you seeing the economic inequality play out in that city? You know, it's a real city where there are very wealthy people living down on the ocean and large amounts of immigrants. What's it like? So I'll speak more to New York, where I spent most of  He's incredibly wealthy, he's very, very well for himself financially over the years. And the conversation was he was basically trying to figure out how he could time the market so that he could buy a much bigger place in New York City, even though he lives in London. And he was watching the real estate prices crash and he was there with a bunch of cash and he was going to go in and kind of jump on the opportunity to do an all cash offer and he was going to make out with a band. And so that kind of a financial conversation with a very, very wealthy person. That night I went to New York City  And so what you realized was he probably was actually pretty lucky. It's him, his brother, and he's got one employee. He cooks the food. He helps do service like, like it's a, it's very much a family owned type business with not a large staff. And so, uh, his cost structure is relatively, uh, consistent. But when you get that pressure, you could see this guy's probably not going to make it. He's doing the best he absolutely can to try to make it. But the, the dissonance between a conversation with, uh, somebody who was incredibly wealthy,  country and hopefully that'll kind of get mitigated here quickly and we can kind of get back to as close to full employment as we can and we can start to get back in a better environment but it's definitely not a good situation when you see that type of stuff happening. Now I hope so too. Absolutely. All right Karen where can we send people to find you on the internet, find the book or find more about your other work? You can find it by the book is called Engine and Inequality.  Hopefully people learned a ton today. They'll go read the book and that we'll have to just get in the future. Thank you so much, Anthony. I've really enjoyed this.