 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  like your motherfucker. Listen, we've been talking for a long, long time. And I really, really wanted to do it. But we had one incident come up where I had to reschedule and he told me but we're here now. All right, let's start with your background. Everyone knows you as this amazing digital artist, probably the number one digital artist in the world today. And they're like, who the hell is people? Where did you grow up? What is your background? How did you get into digital art? Sure. So just long  doing like web design. Again, this is back in Wisconsin for like a smaller company in Wisconsin there and really sort of putting all my sort of real kind of like energy and passion into like, you know, the personal work outside of that job. And so three or four years after I started that job, I started the every days and from there I saw a big sort of, you know, kind of boost in sort of just output of work that I was doing and just the amount that I was learning  a huge part of the freelance work that I did over the last 10 years or so. Since then, it's really just been a slow, steady progression and people noticing my work and bigger and better clients coming to me and looking for work. Then obviously, fast forward to four months ago, we came to the NFT and crypto art space and that's when it really just, what the fuck is going on?  UK named Tom Judd, who did a sketch a day. And I thought that was a really cool idea. And I wanted to get better at drawing. And so the first every day is you're actually drawing. I wanted to get better drawing. So it's like, okay, I'm going to do a drawing every day. And after a year of that, I realized I learned a lot about drawing. I was still very, very bad as I still am today. Very bad. That's not like I'm actually really bad. And so, but and so I thought maybe I could take that and  hours per day, roughly, you know, it sort of varies wildly depending on what's going on that day. But yeah, that's kind of, you know, sort of always been the case and it's got to be posted somewhere online before midnight. And that's sort of the kind of boundaries of the where do you come up with the ideas? You've got some absolutely epic things you've created. You've got some gruesome things, some inappropriate things, some nasty things, some nasty, nasty shit. What do you call what the ideas?  piece of it. That is definitely a huge inspiration. And then I would say the other thing is just like current events. Like I'm very much into, you know, current events and sort of what's going on and inspired by politics and sort of internet culture and sort of what's going on in the internet and, you know, financial happenings and, you know, the tech companies and their sort of relationship with people. So there's a bunch of different sort of things, you know, themes that  doing like this amazing digital art that obviously you're very, very skilled at to then the NFTs. Was it something that you saw with the technology, with the market? Like what caused you to want to try the NFTs rather than just continue to post the digital art on Instagram and other places? Well, I think with the NFTs, I mean, one, it was sort of like, okay, well, people are making a lot of money on this, if I'm being totally honest, like that is definitely, it was, and they're selling something that I never even thought you could  see sort of coming. That wasn't really like, oh, in the future, there will be a way to sort of like, you know, collect this and have it feel very natively digital. That definitely was not on my radar, as I don't think it was pretty much anybody's. So that to me is very exciting. And then just like NFTs in general really sort of like touch on all of the things that I'm interested in. It's got the art aspect, obviously, and a bunch of like crazy possibilities with  So the first thing is a bunch of people sort of kept sort of hitting me up and being like, oh, you got to look at the Senate T thing. You got to look at the Senate T thing. So the first thing I did that I remember, and this was in about mid-October, is I sort of looked at Super Air and it was like, what the hell? Like, if people are paying like huge sums of money for stuff again, that I did not think you could sell at all. And so the first thing I did was I talked to a talk who is, you know, sort of like, you know, a friend and I  they say and really just started reaching out to anybody I could who would jump on a Zoom call with me and sort of like explain where they saw this going, what the limitations were, what people have done, what people haven't done from the CEOs of all these platforms to collectors to artists in the space to anybody sort of pushing in some direction. I jumped on a call with and like sort of picked the brain.  Ochoa makes that and they also have a render thing where you can sort of render it in the cloud and they have a token for that as well. So that's the tools that is used to sort of make the artwork along with Photoshop. I usually do some sort of paint over at the end to kind of, you know, do some compositing. So from there, I have the every days are done and, you know, kind of ready to be minted. In my case, I sort of take those every days then and then have  Okay, here's the artwork, you give it to them and they have sort of handled that. With places like Rarible, obviously you can sort of do it yourself, but it's really one of these things where you upload the artwork, you save a description, you pay the gas fee and she's on the blockchain. So it's not a super huge lift to kind of get it up there, but each of the platforms obviously has their own sort of drawbacks and strengths and weaknesses. The one thing I will say  each one of those or do you prefer one over the other? There's absolutely pros and cons and I think it sort of, it changes too over time. So there's, and that's another sort of piece of this that to me is very exciting is because you, I have all this work, I have a bunch of different work and I'm making it, you know, literally daily, making more and more of it. But the way you sort of split it up can make a big difference for how much it sort of sells for and  that is something that, you know, really there's no right answer. It sort of depends on how much artwork you have, how much you want to put out at that time. But I will say that the things that I'm very much thinking about with that is one, how can I keep some level of scarcity? And two, how can I return as much value back to collectors immediately as possible?  secondary sales and stuff like that, you've sort of removed some of that piece of the pie from sort of collectors being able to immediately sort of see some level of return on what they just bought. So I'm very much trying to make it so that my work is like a no-brainer. Like it's like, okay, if I buy this thing, I know it's instantly like worth more than you selling it for. So that's what I'm always sort of trying to do when I price things and when I think about  you know, so naive to think that that's not a piece of it. Yet at the same time, and so I think there's this thing where it's kind of, it may be a bubble, but it's sort of one of these things where I also see a huge amount of legitimate long-term value for this, this as an asset class. And I think we've only scratched the surface of different mechanics for how these can work.  We haven't really even seen that kind of play out. But I think there are just so many uses for this stuff and I think it's such an interesting new way to sort of store value that I think people are seeing that. And I think sort of long-term like macro high-level looking at this as an asset class, I think this could be something that really sort of appeals to  investor money in companies moving forward, like I don't know that I would, that's not set in stone. Like they could look at other things that speak more to them in terms of asset classes. And I think NFTs could be a huge, huge piece of that moving forward that they would rather invest in something that, you know, they have a bit more ownership over and they can sort of do what they want with a little more and they identify with more than sort of, okay, I grew up, let me put my money in G.  you've seen the market where you're like, this is definitely kind of a winning strategy from the artist perspective? That's a good question. I really think there's a lot of different like things and obviously like, you know, it's not just me who's seeing a tremendous amount of sort of, you know, growth and success in this space. So I think there's a lot of things that people are trying that are, you know, working quite well.  sort of gamifying the ownership experience a bit more the collecting experience. So I think that's something that, you know, there's still a huge amount of potential there. But yeah, I think that to me is sort of the fun part of this is it feels like we're at the beginning and we're writing the rules. And so I don't think there's necessarily one like this is what you should do, at least this kind of this. And also because each artist is different. Like I have 5,000 pieces that I spent two or three hours on.  dollar. And so the two v sort of changed based on sort of an initial state to change. And this was a before the election. Um, so it was going to change the one one it was going to video. So it obviously ended up the Biden video and that's kind of now on. Um, so that pie  But I figured maybe they'd be worth like $100. And so immediately within 45 minutes, somebody had flipped one for about $1,000. And it was like, oh my God, like somebody sold that for $1,000. That's crazy. And then by the end of the night, somebody had sold one for $6,000. And it was like, what the hell? Like that is, you know, was just absolutely insane to me. Fast forward now, you can't get one of those for less than $150,000. One went for $300,000.  What happened? Why didn't it go for so much? Who bought it? Why? Like what is going on with the $6.6 million with the FFT? Well, I think like it's one of these things where the whole space is like, you know, going crazy. Like this is not sort of happening in a vacuum. And I think people are, are sort of seeing again, obviously the Christie sale was a huge impact of that. And people are sort of, you know, seeing that this could be  well, that's like, you know, $10 million for that piece of artwork or whatever. $15 million. And so looking at the in the context of that, you're like, Oh, okay, I guess 6.6 is not just out of nowhere. And then if you factor in like the B20 token, which is this whole other, like, you know, I don't know if you want to get into that, but that's a whole other sort of thing that also right now is about $100 million divided by 20 pieces, there you kind of, you know, are coming to a similar number.  secretly throughout the weekend and kind of, you know, sort of tricked everybody and ended up getting all of those pieces. And he did that for a very specific reason because he then took those 20 pieces and built virtual museums for them in Sombnium space and the central land and a few other places, built virtual museums, bought land, they had museums built specifically for those 20 pieces. Then he took and bundled that all together into a smart contract, locked it into  So right now that token is valued at $91 million if you take the like thing. And this was one month that he did this ago. He did this June, January 23rd. And so it's been on sale a little over a month, five weeks or so, and it's now worth $91 million from that initial $3.5 million. So yeah, it's very like... It's securitization, it's virtual worlds.  we want kind of sort of the leading person in this space to kind of, you know, represent this and be the first. And so I was super honored. And I look at it as, as sort of recognition. And the reason I wanted to do it is because I think obviously this, this, there's some validation from, you know, selling something on Nifty Gateway. But I think there's a different level of validation from selling something, you know, a digital piece of our  I think that brings a different level of validation and something that I think will really help boost the entire space. And to be quite honest, I think it already has helped boost the entire space. Just since that's been announced, you've seen a fairly market uptick in like, you know, other Nifty Gateway sales and, you know, across the board, sort of interested in this stuff. What is the auction? Like, how does it exactly work? Yeah, so the auction is, it started on  hand corner, you see the very first every day and the bottom right hand corner, you see the 5000th every day, which was just last month. And so it's one JPEG, one massive, massive JPEG that encompasses all of those images. So I mean, it's something you could literally look at for hours upon hours upon hours and never like really sort of be able to kind of see everything. Guess what it goes for. What do you think the winning bid is? Not guessing, bro. Not guessing.  works by a living artist ever. If it goes for 20, it will be in the top 10 ever, like most expensive artworks by a living artist. So we're getting into some whack 50 motherfucker. We're getting into some wacky numbers here. Um, so it is very, yeah. Listen, why can't it go for 50? I'm not stopping it. I'm not going to stop the room going for 50.  At the same time, I look at it and it's like, that sounds crazy, but it's like, I don't know, I also see just so much potential and I just feel like this could be a really, not just art, this really truly could be, even if NFTs captured a tiny fraction, just like with Bitcoin, even if they captured a tiny fraction of the traditional equity market, you're talking about literally 100, if not 1,000 times from where we  Okay, I'm back now. Right. So this physical token is. Yeah. So these are the, the, you know, sort of physical tokens that were sold with the last drop. And this is something that I think is, is to me really interesting and something that I'm excited to sort of explore more, because I think this is something that for a lot of people can be a great sort of entry way into this stuff, because it's one of these things where it's like, what the fuck? Why the fuck would I buy a JFA? What the fuck is this stuff? It's like, okay, you don't really need it.  It keeps looping through the video. It's a video screen and it sort of keeps looping through it. And it's something that you can just put on your bookshelf and plug it in. It just keeps playing. There's no interface. There's no buttons. There's no turning it off, changing the video. It's got a signed, this one's not signed or whatever, but it's got a signed number, titanium backplate so that it shows your edition number. And then it's also the video itself has a QR code. And what that QR code does is if you scan that,  NFTs with these, but it always seemed very, you know, sort of separate like, okay, you get a print with it. Well, which is worth more the print or, you know, then NFT. And I wanted it to be something where they were very sort of tied together and they felt like one cohesive, very digital product that you wouldn't really sort of think of separating. So along with that, we did wanted to do some really like cool packaging and something that would really sort of, you  of like details there. It's got a cleaning cloth and then it also has a hair sample. What is the hair sample? It's not cubes. A lot of people are saying it's cubes. It specifically says there it's not cubes. So I'm just gonna... Why is there a... Why did you put a hair sample in the everyday box? So the reason is my... My name has gotten up and left again. Hold on. My name...  So, you know, I've saved off of this, like, you know, for people listening to this, like, it's like an Ewok looking little sort of toy that you can get off of eBay for like 20 bucks. They're not really that, like, you know. I love it. But that's a beeple. And so that's what the hair is. All right. So when you think about all of this, you started out, you know, whatever, 20 years ago, trying to figure out how to be an artist, how to use a lot of these technologies. And you've now kind of grinding your way to the number one  a bunch of different areas in math that I think would be better from color, composition, form. I mean, really, I think there's quite a lot of room for improvement. So that's something that really sort of keeps me going. And now I think bringing in the physical aspect, that is something that I'm super, super excited about to start exploring and something that, you know, as a digital artist, I never really thought of it. And I think it's ironic that as a digital artist, this NFT technology  I think this technology is going to open up a new chapter in art history and sort of, I think there's going to be people sort of going back and looking at this digital art that's been made over the last 20 years and sort of really recognizing that as a true art form and something that you can now collect. Absolutely. When you think of this as an investment class, kind of like an alternative asset, and then you got a bunch of thoughts there. Is this something that's sustainable? You know, institutional investors eventually have a digital art allocation. How does that work?  very speculative. And I think one thing that people do need to be careful of on this is to be quite honest, a lot of these NFTs will go to zero. Like that's just if you look at like traditionally art, the very top appreciates quite well. And the bottom 90%, like they do not do well and they will probably lose money. So it is something that, you know, just because somebody made an NFT out of something doesn't mean it automatically has value. Like that's definitely not the case.  the B20 thing. It's sort of like this guy bought these NFTs and then he was able to sort of use them to do this other thing to actually make more money. So you really have a high degree of ownership over these things versus if you have a stock, it's sort of like, well, you know, you, that's it. Like you kind of, you don't have a bunch of like, you know, things you can kind of do on top of that to do, do what you want with it. And, and as we're seeing with like the GameStop thing is even the rules that you  to crypto. And like, again, like I before this, I had bought a little bit of Ethereum in 2017, just like everybody in their freaking grandma did. And so I go up, so I go down, never really thought about it. Just, you know, just a small amount to kind of, you know, jump in the game a little bit here. Since I've come to this space, I definitely started allocating much more of my, and I understand crypto now and I understand the value proposition.  incrementally over time. And so most of that stuff is regular equities and mostly like tech stocks and some ETFs and stuff. Do you buy art from other artists or do you basically say, look, my exposure to artists through my own work and then you just kind of cheer them on from the sideline? I have not bought any other art, to be honest. I actually don't think I bought a single NFT. And I think it's one of these things where I just don't have this like, I've been so busy, like sort of  I think is they have a million French creating digital art that it's sort of like, I can't, I can literally, you know, wouldn't be able to sort of buy all the amazing stuff out there. So it's definitely, you know, I think it's, it's, it's super cool, but it's something I still need to process how I'm going to sort of like me personally, you know, I'm going to approach that. All right. I've got five questions for you. We're going to run through these before lightning round.  of art by senior Pressfield. That is a book that I would say probably I never read books. I almost never in the last 20 years I've maybe read two to three books. So I just don't read books. I like reading the news. I like reading. I just don't like reading books. That book was very sort of like inspirational and something that I think was I read it right when I started the Every Days Around There. So I think that was a big  bit all over the place because I'll wake up after like three hours and it's like, I've got a million ideas. NFTs. What the fuck? What's going on? Like it's, it's such a fricking crazy rabbit hole, but I, maybe I need to get one of those, whatever that color called. Eight sleep, eight sleep mattress better art with eight sleep. That's what I'm going to start telling people. I'm going to say people makes better art when he sleeps on an eight sleep.  there's aliens, but they're too far away. So we're never going to actually come in contact with them during your my life. So it doesn't really matter. That's probably what I would say as well. That is probably what I would say. Like existence and communication are two really big different things. Yeah, you could be on the other side of the universe. That's kind of like cool. Yeah, don't come over here. We won't come over there and we'll all be good. We're pretty far away. We could be pretty far away from the next person. All right. You could ask me one question. What do you got for me? What technology  What, where can we send people to find you on social media, find the every days online and find more of the work you're doing with the NFTs? I think if you just Google people, you'll find, you know, Instagram and all the other goodness there. So there's no shortage of places to know you've arrived when you just tell people, Google me. Yeah, exactly. I still have a goddamn Wikipedia fucking page. If anybody can give me a Wikipedia,