 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  Say my academic background has really been motivated by four kind of main big questions that have occupied me successively over the years. And those are, you know, what does it mean to be human? What does it mean to be alive? What does it mean to agree? And what does it mean for something to be money? And those later two sort of overlapped with getting involved in cryptocurrencies. And, you know, I've been in that space for almost eight years now, I guess. But most of it, most of my time was really preoccupied with the sort of what does it mean to be alive?  themselves over time in really interesting biophysical ways. And that led me to really think about how we could use technology and build technological systems to resemble more of these sort of sustainable organic biological systems than the sort of hurricanes or tornadoes that we're so used to building, especially in the financial world. And so sometime in my early 20s, I was turned on to say Austrian economics and sort of how the financial system works and rallying against the Federal Reserve and all that kind of good stuff.  to the Austrian economic tradition, but that also really appealed to my biophysical background because it felt like this was the emergence of life in the digital medium. So what I had been studying in the biophysical medium now happening in this digital reality where you have this self-emergent sustaining entity, and that seemed really interesting and important. And it was in the summer of 2013 that I actually programmed my first Bitcoin transaction  kind of that transition or kind of why you thought that Bitcoin alone wasn't kind of the entire ecosystem or kind of the entire addressable technology base? Sure. So in 2014, I was in Toronto, Ethereum was invented in Toronto. And so we started going to the Ethereum meetups here and really kind of were taken with this idea of fully programmable money, not just programmable money, but arbitrary computation and the sort of world computer vision.  not just this Ethereum blockchain, but there's going to be a proliferation of blockchains that can't all use proof of work. And so at that time, there had been a lot of discussion around this sort of proof of stake idea, this idea that you could actually use your stake in the system to secure the system rather than some external work. And so there was a night actually in 2014 where Vlad Zamfir and I spent the whole night talking about proof of stake and brainstorming what all this was going to look like. And that was a really convincing  long-term, but a lot of the next few years for me were really about starting to bring proof of stake to light initially through tenor mint and then through the sort of larger idea of Cosmos and how the many different proof of stake blockchains would be able to connect to one another and not just exist alone, but actually in sort of an interoperable web like the internet. Got it. So walk us through kind of Cosmos and what you're building. Yeah. So the idea with Cosmos, we call it an internet of blockchains, but it really follows that. What does that mean? What is the internet of blockchain?  the sort of sovereignty that individual users want out of computing devices. And now we live in a world where there's more devices than there are human beings. You have computing devices in your pocket. You have complete control over your device, but they're all interoperable with one another. They can all connect to each other over standard protocols of the internet. And so the idea behind the internet of blockchains is something very similar. Each blockchain is itself like a computer. You can think of it like a device or a machine. And there isn't gonna be just one, right? There is this sort of world computer  So they sort of have this sovereignty over these networks, control over the networks and where they're going. And yet for those different blockchain networks to still be interoperable with one another in the same way that, you know, I have sovereign control over, over my laptop here, but it's interoperable with yours and we're able to communicate with each other over the internet. And so that same vision, we've been trying to bring that to the blockchain world as there's going to be this proliferation of blockchains. Many of them are still sort of siloed and not really talking to each other. They're just starting to talk to each other using, you know, bespoke ad hoc protocols. And what we're really trying to do is we're trying to  from a user experience standpoint. Is this something where I'm using a product? I don't even understand what blockchains are running underneath it. It's similar to the internet protocols. I don't really understand what internet protocols are working. I don't even know the names of some of them. But I know if I go to google.com, I can access this massive database and get an answer to any of my questions. Is that how you see the blockchains all working together? But it's behind the scenes. It's really pushed away from the user, and therefore, the technical community will understand it. But actually, the end users don't see any of this stuff.  what you're using and how it's brought to you to individual users. And there's obviously a challenge in that, in what that UX looks like. Today, I mean, a lot of people are sort of building towards that world where you don't have to worry about what blockchain you're on and the user is sort of not aware of it. And so maybe it functions a lot like the internet, but that's a dangerous road. If the blockchain world goes the same route that the internet went in terms of being dominated by a very small number of very large multinational corporations, I don't think that's a world any of us are really  the backbone of the internet itself is still very centralized through ISPs, but there is some work ongoing in mesh nets and even some project built on Cosmos that are actually really trying to decentralize the underlying infrastructure of the internet itself and have the users actually more involved in providing that. So I think that we really need to close the loop on users being aware of that infrastructure, but there's a sort of long road ahead to get that. And in the short term, probably, yes, the UX will be very much, you don't know what you're using and it doesn't matter. Absolutely. I know that when you think through this  a ton of different cryptocurrency or altcoins, et cetera, but really there's only maybe 10 to 15 blockchains that are actually in use in any real size or meaningful adoption. How do we get from that point to this world that you believe where there's millions and millions of blockchains? Yeah, so the question is sort of who runs these blockchains, how are they operated and how is it not just Bezos or Bezos' computers? And that's a really good question and that takes a lot of time and Cosmos has sort of pioneered  available operation of these networks. And so that as sort of a business sector is growing and it's sort of one of the, you know, I think will be one of the, one of the legacies of what, you know, Cosmos has really helped bring about. And as the number of competent validators grows from currently, maybe there's, you know, a hundred or a few hundred to down the road, there will be thousands currently, you know, they tend to be somewhat larger businesses, but maybe eventually there will be more smaller or household businesses or hobbyists that are able to participate more actively in these networks, depending on the actual security requirements.  that will make it a lot easier to actually recruit validators in a more automated way, setting up marketplaces and actually leverage existing validator sets. For instance, for the Cosmos Hub where the Adam token resides to leverage those validators and their staked atoms on the Cosmos Hub chain to actually validate and secure other chains. Well, today it may be difficult and you have to go recruit a validator set. It's only going to get easier as more validators, more competent validators come online and as we build tools and services to make it easy to spin out blockchains.  working within the boundaries of it. Yeah. I mean, so, you know, a lot of people think technologies are neutral in a way. I mean, they're not there. They're typically driven by it, by the values of the founders. And it's really important to, you know, to stay true to those values. And we see things like, you know, Google initially founded with like, don't be evil. And now I don't really change the model to something stupid, but it's no longer don't be evil. You know, a lot of other people in crypto talk about this, like, can't be evil philosophy, which is really great because you like program things, not evil.  as potentially making similar kinds of mistakes, as establishing themselves as overextended empires that are trying to dominate the whole world and get everyone to use their system and monopolize. We really wanted to push back a bit against that and say, look, the most important thing is this localist bottom-up ideal, that individual communities can take control of their own destinies and their own infrastructure and use infrastructure that reflects their own values. I don't know what their values are. I can't say to them, use this thing because this thing is correct and I'm going to  or international systems that connect different values and different nation states and so on. So while a lot of, you know, a lot of blockchain systems today might sort of position themselves as these kind of domineering empires, you can think of the Cosmos model as more like the nation state, right? As like each country sort of fragments out of these empires, they have their own constitution, their own citizenry, their own culture and value system, and yet they're still kind of interoperable with all the others. And so that balance of sovereignty and interoperability, we think is really important, not just to the blockchain system,  And  states and governments that are going to have purview over these increasingly complex geopolitical domains. I think it's really arrogant and we could do with a little bit more humility. And not just that, but there's so much diversity in the sort of constituency of these geopolitical domains that it's really not possible for a single government with the kind, you know, a single like federal government, say, with the kinds of democratic  wrong. The implication of that or the impact of that is across a huge body of people. And so it's very hard to tinker and tinkering in this sort of like ability to have a kind of convex upside and low downside, where you can mess around and if you screw up, it's not a big deal. But if you find something new, it's a great deal. You can't really do that at a federal level or when you're dealing with such a large geopolitical body. And so I think it's actually really important for our ability to sustain ourselves as a species and as a  you know, Hayek especially and others over the course of the 20th century and things have only gotten exponentially more complex since then. And so it seems really important from both, you know, in order to make good decisions and in order to be sustainable and to preserve that ability to tinker that we need to reduce the scope of a lot of the geopolitical decision-making and be able to operate at say a more municipal or even provincial level. When you do that, what happens to the, let's say national or international stage? Does that weaken some of the  those institutions I believe should be much more local and should be much more responsive and participatory, right? And like I'm saying, there's no way to do that at a national level. But I would like to see sort of national political institutions that are more clearly built up out of the sort of subsidiary, you know, municipal institutions, let's say, rather than being appointed or, you know, delegated by the federal institution, actually have the federal institution be a reflection of the sort of underlying processes. So we can have a bit more of a bottom-up process for developing  of interoperability. And it feels like everyone is arriving at the same conclusion, which is that there's tons of experimentation, there's tons of innovation and progress being made across all these different ecosystems. If you strip away the tribalism and kind of the religious zealot aspect of each one of these communities, and you look and say, wow, there is a lot of innovations occurring kind of on a totality basis, wouldn't it be awesome if a user or a developer or a product could leverage all of that different innovation?  people refer to as composability, you build a smart contract on Ethereum, it can atomically communicate with every other contract on Ethereum. And that has exploded in the form of DeFi today and all the power of this financial Legos that people are building with. What's happening with all the other blockchains is that their first order of business is to build a bridge to Ethereum. And so every one of them is approaching interoperability by first building a bespoke or ad hoc bridge to Ethereum to allow them and their functionality  for composability in that world. So I think we're sort of at the beginning of trying to understand composability in this world of many blockchains where not everything is in a single state machine. The other thing that's starting to happen, and I think that Cosmos is really driving this, is the idea of standardized interoperability protocols. And so ours is we call it IBC, the Inter-Blockchain Communication Protocol. You may know that it's actually planned to launch in about 12 hours. We're doing a major upgrade to the Cosmos hub, which we'll see the IBC protocol that we've been working on for a long time finally go  across these different blockchains. Got it. And so when you think through this, the name was what standardized, what was the IBC stand for? Inter-blockchain communication. Inter-blockchain communication. And so the communication part, I think is what's so fascinating here of just, that's ultimately what is happening. And so if you, again, take a look at tribalism, you look at, hey, just the ability for these things to work together ends up being kind of a one plus one equals like three or four rather than two. How do you see us  of the different projects or to put the tribalism aside and figure out how to build bridges to each other and sort of we're all stronger if we all connect together. And that's probably true. And I say it's mostly a communication problem because a lot of people are still speaking different languages or they're using, you know, different academic backgrounds or they're using language that is sort of informally defined. And so I think there's a real challenge right now actually formalizing the guarantees that we get, the sort of security guarantees that we get out of interoperability and trying to understand the different failure modes, right?  and then pay back your loan. Because this sort of cross-chain communication is just getting started, and there are a number of ways to do it and a number of different ways these bridges are secured, I don't think we have a really strong understanding across all the different humans, across all the different teams of exactly what kinds of security guarantees we get and how to think about them and how to formalize them and build applications on top of them, and then how to surface those guarantees to users, both to developers and to end users who want to know, when I put up some  Um, uh, uh, example of something that is not possible without interoperability. And so when you have the interoperability, it then either one becomes possible or two, it's a such a significant inflection point that it becomes valuable. Whereas without the interoperability, it's not very valuable. Yeah. I mean, uh, one of the, one of the simplest things is just trading across, uh, across chains, right? So, um, you can imagine right now on Ethereum, if everything's built on Ethereum, um, it's great. You have Uniswap and you have other decentralized exchanges there and you can all, they can all  across many more platforms without having to trust some centralized third party and incurring all that all that costiros. But that's a very, you know, first order sort of thing. Another sort of major thing you get at an interoperability, which is sort of one of the, again, the driving features of Cosmos and this idea of sort of sovereignty is also fault isolation. Right. So on Ethereum, if you if you build up this huge set of contracts and they're all talking to each other and whatever a bug in any one of them can affect sort of all  But having better fault tolerance is the whole point of blockchains in the first place. It's the classic argument, what can you do with a blockchain that you can't do without? And people say, oh, you get fault tolerance and censorship resistance and all these things. So you can make a similar argument for the interoperability we're pushing for, that you get that fault isolation, you can experiment more, you don't have to upgrade a single blockchain to get new features, you can launch another one, and so on. So it allows a lot more experimentation and even more permissionless innovation, let's say,  know how to achieve. And that's this sort of thermodynamic immutability, which is to say, you know, a record, a legible record that the security of which the mutability of which is guaranteed by thermodynamics, that's very powerful, especially in a highly uncertain geopolitical situation like we're in today and are likely to continue to be in for the next century, if not more. So that's really important. But that said, it is a huge, huge energy cost, right? And so if we are going to have a proliferation of blockchains, which we will, because  security system. And so proof of stake is a step towards that. Then you might go from, you might step from proof of stake to something like proof of bandwidth, where now the participation in the network is determined by how much bandwidth you're actually providing. And then we can actually think about individuals and communities providing their own internet infrastructure. And then I would hope we would go to something even more local and real like proof of produce or proof of carrot or whatever, where the actual security or core infrastructure is provided by, say, the farm.  one or is this kind of the idea of no, everybody else needs to be proof of stake and therefore that's where you get interoperability and kind of a lot of things we talked about today. Yeah, there's going to be many. Right now, I mean, if you're launching a new blockchain, the best way to do it is to use a proof of stake model. And that's sort of one of the things, you know, Cosmos has democratized was actually making it really easy to set up your own proof of stake chain, sort of all the modules and everything you need for that is built for you. So, but, you know, progressively, I hope we move even away from just this sort of raw proof of stake,  or the sovereignty that you think everyone should be paying attention to. So kind of the most underrated aspect of all this work that you're doing. Yeah, I think it's this money is the killer app. Everyone's looking for the killer app right now and they think it's DeFi and all this kind of finance stuff. And maybe today DeFi is having its moment, but I think ultimately what's important about all this stuff is democratizing the institutions of money and making money a much more local phenomenon. And that's really what I'm in it for.  sustainability of civilization of the species. And I strongly believe that comes from localism. And that's really what we're working towards. And so, you know, I would say we spun up a company recently called Informal Systems and, you know, the CEO of that company were heavily involved in sort of the Cosmos network and building Cosmos technology. But our mission is really verifiable, distributed systems and organizations to support localism. Right. So having those sort of strong guarantees, we were talking about having people understand the systems they're using, what they get out of those systems, not these like, you know,  and Dear Bug Perfume by Tom Robbins. Start with the first one, why? You know, like I said, there's sort of four questions that define my life. What does it mean to be human? I think this book does an incredible job of outlining human consciousness and where it came from and how it relates to the sort of history of religion. It's a fascinating book on consciousness, where it comes from and what it means to be conscious today and yeah.  that are just not easy to explain with traditional sort of biomedical understanding. So anyone who's interested in sort of the nature of life and what is life, I highly recommend that book. That's a great one. Last one. And a third, yeah, Tom Robbins, Dear Bug Perfume. This is the book I wish I wrote. It is a sort of epic on the history of humanity and also the dangers of sort of arrogant technocractism, right? And so a lot of people today are like, oh, we're going to live forever. And they're pursuing all this kind of stuff. But you really need to not just think about the brain,  hours. Now I sleep in the thermoregulated bed. It's amazing. I sleep like eight, nine hours. Uh, I feel a completely different person. Um, and so now I may convert the sleep religion. Are you somebody who sleeps a bunch? Do you not sleep a lot? Which kind of your sleep routine? How has that evolved over time? Oh, it could definitely be better. Um, nowadays, I don't know. I get to sleep probably around midnight or so and I'm up around eight. So there's a decent eight hours in there. Um, but sometimes it's more like six hours. Um,  So first of all, the dolphins are conscious in a very interesting way. And so are the cephalopods. We actually run another company called Cephalopod Equipment Corporation that is one of these group of stake validators. So I have tremendous respect for the cephalopods and the cetaceans, the dolphins and so on. I also experimented a lot with psychedelics and there is something out there. Maybe it's just like deep unconscious psychological reality. But this is a world we do not begin to understand and sort of physical reductionism isn't going to cut it.  figure things out at home first. And that's why this sort of sustainability stuff is so important to me. And localism is a big part of that. Makes a lot of sense to me. What one question do you have for me to finish up? What is your favorite book? My favorite book. I always answer the same three, which is kind of stupid, or not stupid, but just like everyone's heard it before. So Rich Dad, Poor Dad, Think and Grow Rich, and Rich Dad and Babylon. I read them all when I was 20, 21 years old, pretty life changing. A book that really made me think  No, metaphors we live by. I have not. I'm not sure algorithms to live by sort of a play on that, but metaphors we live by was sort of the, um, uh, I think it was somewhat derivative of the Julian James book, but, but sort of went more in depth on how most of our like conscious reality and understanding of the world is built out of metaphors. Um, and the authors even, even wrote a whole book on how all of mathematics can be derived from the sort of metaphors of our understanding growing up in a world with gravity. And so it was just a fascinating kind of embodied approach to cognition.  the pursuit of innovation is important. Like the journey is always more important than the end result because the journey leads to the end result. But with that said, I think there's very, very few. What I do have as kind of two core thesis is digital assets will be more valuable than analog or electronic Q-SIP assets. I think people kind of are wrapping their head around that now. But the second thing is the decentralized products will be bigger than the centralized products. And so when you start to look at some of these decentralized products, maybe like Uniswap is a good example, right? Where it's just doing  about why is the market adopting certain things and kind of what does that highlight as to what's next. Cool. Where can we send people to find you on the internet or find more about Cosmos? The cosmos.network for Cosmos, informal systems for our company, Informal Systems. And I am Buck Manster, B-U-C-H-M-A-N-S-T-E-R on Twitter. Amazing. Listen, thank you so much for doing this, Ethan. We're going to have to do it again in the future. Sounds great. Thanks a lot.