 Hey guys, what's up? I'm so excited for you to watch this interview. Before we get into this interview, I want to talk about our sponsor Prime XBT. If you're trading Bitcoin, you got to be using Prime XBT. Not only do they have global markets available to anyone, but they also have great execution, low fees, and an amazing user interface. The best part about Prime XBT is that you can also follow some of the best traders in the world. You go on, you find someone who you think is smart, and you can literally just follow their trades when they execute something.  Enjoy this one.  I got a lot of experience kind of seeing what a venture backed startup was like working at Square and investing in other early stage startups. And I wanted to see the complete other end of the spectrum, which was what does it look like to go into a private bootstrap business that is in trouble and needs to be turned around. And that's the challenge I've been working on for the last two years. And that is with Andrew Wilkinson, Chris Barling at Tiny and the company I've been working on there is Flow. What is Flow? Yeah. So Flow is a historic, I mean, I'll jump back to the beginning when it  We've also recently added stuff like chat and direct messaging into the app. And the goal there is just to create the world's best productivity platform that's well-designed, that's something you actually want to work in and use every single day. And so we've got some amazing companies that are on the platform. Our sweet spot today is for teams that are probably somewhere between 50 and 300 in size. Got it. So you had this Epic run as an operator and designer, and now you are running this turnaround with  if you're not an entrepreneur, is imagine accepting a job and every single month you're getting paid less and less and less. You look at the direct deposit that goes into your checking account and every month it's maybe ticking down say $500. And at first it doesn't feel too bad. And then really quickly all at once you're just like, oh my God, what is going on? What's going on? And you're seeing your, that kind of revenue dip down. That is one of the things that is really, really, really challenging where I think, you know, my kind of take on it was what interested me about the opportunity was to  of emotional management side. That is how leadership goes, right? It's brutal. It sounds like a very good description word to use. I want to talk a little bit about kind of some current events. So maybe let's start with public markets. We have seen all kinds of chaos transpire. I know you're an investor in public.com, a couple other companies, but just like to zoom out a little bit and help me understand kind of your views on what's going on in the public markets, the whole Wall Street Bets and Reddit.  and kind of next generation disruptive technologies. And the idea there is just, I think generationally, we are in a time where we're seeing companies that are going to be the biggest players in the next 10 years begin to go public. They're obviously going public at very high valuations, but we are seeing, I think, a step function change in the markets. And part of my kind of thesis, which I know a lot of other people are of a similar mind, is so I first started out focusing much more on the venture capital side.  piece. And then the other portfolio that I manage is totally different and it's called the Perpetuity Fund. And what I invest in there is almost the polar opposite into the spectrum, which is closely family-held businesses that have been in business for an incredibly long time. So an example of that would be something like LVMH, which owns Louis Vuitton. It's a huge brand. It's run by one man who's on a tear. He owns a significant portion of the business. It's not going anywhere. Owning a luxury business is an incredible thing. So I'll stop there.  And here's where it gets really interesting is, you know, I read a book recently by George Soros, which if anyone's interested, he has a super thin book that's all about his concept of reflexivity, which I think we're seeing play out a ton today, which is just the idea that, you know, if you take the efficient market thesis and the idea that all businesses are always valued at exactly where they should be valued, because the market's this magical thing that finds this perfect equilibrium, that's not true.  that and things like GameStop, we're seeing that in a ton, even just seeing Airbnb and DoorDash and how they're valued now post-IPO. We have effectively jumped five years into the future in their business and that's what the stock's trading at today. It's an incredible time. When you think about that, is that healthy? Do you think it's like, hey, it's going to correct in the future? Do you think it's just, no, we live in a different world now and yes, are there overvalued businesses, but that's almost like the new normal and it will persist?  you feel like the price is tethered to the reality of that business. But I think what we're seeing is also, again, part of my thesis behind that kind of future shape fund and investing in this next generation of disruptive technology is these are companies that our generation sees as their companies. And they want to own them in their portfolio. They want to own them in size. And if they look at Square or they look at DoorDash or they look at Airbnb, I don't think they're going to quibble with the valuation. I think they're like, this is a great business.  stop orders, 10% underneath the current price, let it continue to ride up, maybe take money off the table as it goes up. But if you're a proficient trader, you can effectively limit your downside risk and continue to enjoy the upside gains. And I just feel like today, for anyone who's in a fully cashed position, you're certainly missing a really incredible window of time. And if you're in a cashed position now, you could be in that cashed position two years from now. Because I think, yes, we're at historic highs, but that's not to say it's  Yes. And the best book on this, which I listened to recently, I've read recently that is incredible, although you've really got to like, just go with it because it's not always easy, is misbehavior of markets, which talks all about frack, it talks about fractals, it talks about, it's basically a very, very in-depth study by looking at markets and trying to, one, it totally debunks the idea of the efficient market hypothesis. Two, it talks about that by and large, markets have almost never benefited  continue to go up? Yes. Could we see a large drop? Yes. Okay. You take all those things that can either lead you to do something like go in all cash, or it can lead you to say, let me just put some downside risk mitigation by putting some stop loss orders in, and let me continue to write it up and be in a position to benefit. Absolutely. When you think about the whole idea of Wall Street Bets and Reddit and the little guy versus the hedge funds, any thoughts there just in terms of maybe even Robinhood and public.com? How do you think about all of that?  and Robinhood has made it really easy. Now let me flip to the negative side. The negative side is I think unfortunately, this whole idea that you should sign up for Robinhood, I think the reason you're signed up for Robinhood is it's a well-designed app. The reason not to sign up for Robinhood is because it's commission-free trading. Because if you do any bit of research, and this has now been made public, although a lot of people I think still aren't aware of it, if you do any research, yes, you're effectively not paying commissions, but you are paying commissions because you're always paying  but there's a whole bunch of downsides. And those downsides are you're not getting the best rate, stuff like we're seeing today where Robinhood has effectively made it so you can't search, you can't invest, you can't even see your positions if you've already invested in GameStop or NOC or some of the other kind of short squeezes that we're seeing play out. And so I've always had this bone to pick with Robinhood. And just to talk about that, the other thing I find really fascinating is the only  are in the low single dollar range. And by going and using an actual broker's fund, I use interactive brokers. There's a whole bunch of stuff I don't love about it. It's an atrocious UI. I waited 30 days to get my application approved. There's just maddening stuff with it. But at the end of the day, once you have an account set up, they're not going to restrict what you can trade. You can trade anything that you can trade. And you can set up trades in a lot of sophisticated ways and get the best prices.  they're doing things that actually help work in people's best interest. So they're not selling their order book to people like Citadel. They are actively warning you when stocks or options have very high volatility. And those are the things where I think Robinhood has taken a very hands-off approach, which is fine. But I think part of opening up the floodgates and making it so everyone can invest is knowing that clearly not everyone's going to be competent and know what they're doing. And it doesn't mean that you need to limit them, but you need to help educate and enforce.  negative who would kind of let the dust settle. Literally, I won't say who it is, but there's a very, very well known person who literally just tweeted just F Robin Hood. Right. I mean, just like the sentiment just switched. And I think that they're destroying their brand today for sure. It is not good. But hey, I do keep saying to myself, look, there may be certain things that we aren't privy to. If the regulators come to your office and say, hey, if you don't do X, you're going to be  my history on it. So I was super fortunate in that I've got two younger brothers, both of them are amazing, but one of them got a job for working at Coinbase as one of their lead engineers, maybe about four or five years ago. And I like the way that I view the world is I think generalists rule the world. I think everyone should be a specialist in some areas, but I think generally with just the way the world is changing, I think being a generalist allows you to connect dots and see opportunities  kind of my investing style when it comes to disruptive technology is I do not need to, in fact, actively try not to come to a definitive, this is good, this is bad point of view. I think the best way to think about the world, especially with disruptive technology is just probabilistically. So in my mind, I read that, I was confused in a lot of different levels about how Bitcoin worked, how it actually operated, how blockchain actually worked, how transactions happened. And I think that's one thing just so that  You kind of sit this very interesting position where you were the head of design, I think, right? Or you ran the design team at Square. Square's obviously made this massive push into the space, done a great job, been very principled and kind of really put a flag in the ground. At the same time, you understand design, you understand making a beautiful experience, which Square and Cash App and stuff have. So how do you think about like, is that the solution? Is it more of just the user experience or something else? I mean, yes, I think there's more education that can happen.  like, you know, one of the investments I made in this space is Trust Token, which became TruFi. And, you know, it's been really interesting to watch how that's played out. And I think that Raphael there has done a really great job recently with the launch of TruFi and how that works. It is, you know, so I'm a large investor there. Those tokens are beginning to become liquid. It is still super, super, super confusing. You know, I can stake that on loans and I can look at these loans and try to say whether I think they're going to pay  beacon is Apple. You need to take complicated technology and you need to put it in a wrapper that makes it drop dead simple for anybody to understand. And I think that's where crypto keeps shooting itself in the foot. Yeah. So I wonder if is the promise of decentralization, the promise of the lack of market manipulation, you know, all the kind of things that I think people today, especially when they're watching the game stop and day trading and, you know, kind of Wall Street bets, all that. Well, they're watching that play out. Is the  that most people wouldn't be able to get past maybe a sentence or two on explaining what that is. And I think that, yeah, in my mind, I think it's right now we have, I would say, but if you look at Cash App, you look at Coinbase, I think there are great experiences for people to invest in, you know, the kind of blue chip assets and the cryptocurrency space. So things like Bitcoin, things like Ethereum. Once you get beyond that and you get into the world of tokens, I think it is incredibly convoluted and incredible.  working on the cutting edge, you have to have a team, have a mentality, have an approach where you're building those things for the average person. And I would say too, just maybe to make the devil's advocate point of view, most people investing in tokens, they're not the average person. And I still think that is not where the average consumer, average investor is gonna invest, but those tokens were created with the intention that the average person would be able to use it. So someone that wants to store files could choose Filecoin instead of Dropbox. And in terms of making that a reality,  Then we go to this crypto world with Bitcoin as the core unit of account and all these decentralized applications. And now that's a global thing. Do you see the global aspect having a material impact? Or is it more just, no, we're going to take the Western model and just more people? It doesn't necessarily change anything specific about what's going on. Well, I mean, I think that is still, in my mind, one of the key things underpinning why something like crypto is the future of store of value or is the future of currency?  is superior to the currency in that market. And I think that Bitcoin is this huge blessing that people have this global currency that they can use to be able to transact, get paid in, store value in. But I think what gets just, in my mind, there's a bunch of other things that are just difficult about it, or it's still, I find, flamixing. And one of those things is just the notion that you should invest in Bitcoin because it's a store of value, but it's a  in some sort of a speculative moment in time. I'm not gonna call it a bubble, but, and we're seeing that play out, but that'll tell. Where does this all go? Do we just disrupt the entire system and we end up in a decentralized digital world? All the assets are digital, every application's decentralized and it's just literally the system has a reset or kind of how do you see maybe not the end, but kind of the next big milestone kind of environment?  the ways that we've always thought about currency and companies and kind of entities and stores value and all of those things. And I don't think it's, yeah, so I don't think it's gonna displace that at all. But in my mind, that means that it's kind of, it's almost like booting up another planet with a different series of kind of environmental conditions with it that support different ways of doing things and different ways of thinking about things. And I think that's what's super interesting and fascinating about the crypto space is that because it's different, one, it doesn't need to disappear.  really interesting things happen in the crypto space. Yeah. What are the areas are you interested in? I mean, yeah, my main areas are really, I love studying businesses. So all the time, you know, like I was just reading a paper the other day, it was a kind of a case study about Louis Vuitton and how they think about booting up their businesses. And that's because I'm super interested in LVMH and kind of luxury brands like that, because I think they're incredible businesses with huge moats to be able to get into.  companies, what businesses inherently make sense to you? Is it a blue chip type business? Is it a value type business? Is it a disruptive growth business? And really understanding your nature. And what I mean there, and this may be a good example, is for people that are investing in crypto, if you're investing today and your experience, and say you invested three months ago, your experience has been amazing. Your experience has been riding up this almost unstoppable train of returns. It's very different from someone who invested four or five years  you can bet on things with a tremendous amount of conviction because you can never borrow conviction from anybody else. It's just not a thing. So you need to do your own homework, invest in things that make sense to you, and come up with your own formula. And that's why when I see people on Twitter debating whether value or growth is the right approach, it is an idiotic conversation. You can make great money being a value investor. You can make great money being a growth investor. There's success stories to show for both. There's failure stories to show for both.  that you look for in an early stage company, opportunity or team? Like is it the market? Is it the product? Is it the founder? Is it something else? Just how do you think through that? And kind of what's the one thing? It's all, I mean, in my mind, it's absolutely all team and really there it's almost all soft skills. And what I mean, soft skills or, or intangibles. And what I mean by that is I think, you know, so my experience taking over a declining business and turning that around over the last two years has just hit home that succeeding in business  I think it's harder to, if you have had success in the past to sustain that success and change with the times and hold on to your users and your customers. And so if all that's true, I think what that means is that it takes a lot of very intangible things to be able to succeed. And so what I look for is I want to know that this person like has honestly put themselves in a situation where their backs up against the wall. And ideally they've done that via their own accord.  surprised by who wins and who fails and who blows up along the way. I think you also realize that, take a company like Uber, getting to the point where you're actually a trading sustainable business and we could debate whether that's Uber yet or whether they still have time to go. But that's now taken what, five, 10 different chapters in Uber's history of trying different strategies, having different leaders, having different teammates on, focusing on different markets, adapting to different competitors. And so you just really realize that building a company  building any company, it is like being thrown in the deep end and you're either gonna sink or you're gonna swim. And so you wanna find the people that whatever it takes, they're gonna swim and they're gonna think it's a successful thing. So I usually wrap up with three questions. Actually, I asked a couple of different questions for this. Because you've just got such a unique view of the world that I really enjoy it. If you had to pick one market for the next 10 years, you had to put all of your money in that market. So not a company, but an actual market. What's the market you pick?  loans, but they do it in I think a really interesting way. And the thought there is I think one, I'm sure for a lot of people, they're like, oh, that's an easy answer. There's so many fintech companies, there's so much money happening there. And again, it goes back to, I think, just, you can either look at that and say, oh, all those opportunities are done. That, you know, that means that it's overcrowded, it's overhyped, and there's going to be consolidation, and there's going to be stagnation there. Actually look at it very differently, which is money is one of the largest markets on earth that you can be in. We're at a period of time  to be value destructive. There's going to be a lot of things that go to zero or go out of business, but that also means that I think the players that are the big players are going to be very different 10 years, 20 years than they are today. Interesting. Could not agree more. The second question that I was asked people is about their sleep schedule. And this is brought by the guys over at 8 sleep. I sleep in the bed every night, this thermo deregulation. We need deregulation with thermoregulation of just having a  sleep schedule right now is atrocious. That being said, I do focus a lot on having a kind of making sure that I get great sleep. And what I do there is I put on literally about from the time I get home, I'll put on red light blocking glasses and use those the entire night to have on. Even if I'm not looking at a screen, I'll use something like the Juve, which is an amazing kind of near infrared red light instrument that if I'm ever feeling just super amped up, like I had a big day or I've dealt with a lot of stress or anxiety using that before I go to sleep,  And that your spouse has help and support. And so we sleep, my wife and I sleep in the bed with our, or in the same room with our kid every single night. That means that we're both up all night long, but I think that's the best way to do it. I love it. Before I let you go, I got one more question. You could ask me one, aliens, are you a believer or non-believer? I mean, I, in my heart of hearts, I'm a believer. I think there's the skeptic side, the kind of rational side that wants to overwrite that. But I mean,  It's like a base hit for you. But I'd be really curious, I know you're obviously an incredible proponent of Bitcoin and cryptocurrency. And I know you've made a huge bet on that. And you made a great call there. So I guess my question is, let's say we jump forward and I'll just get to make up a scenario that is our wildest dream. Say Bitcoin is at $50,000 or $150,000 per individual Bitcoin. It is this established store of value.  I just think of it in Bitcoin. And it's just because over the rest of my life, let's say I'm very fortunate I could live 60 more years. It is going to continue to preserve my purchasing power better than any other asset that possibly could have. And so I think that that's just generally the way that I think about it. And so it's less about like, oh, it went up a lot in US dollar price, I got to sell it. Like, sure, you can measure appreciation in dollars, but I never will plan to go back into a dollar-denominated world. It's just like, no, I am  happens here but I just think like that world is going to become much more attractive to people than legacy kind of rigged the game world. Last question. Do you think the aliens will be