 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  It's fairly typical for an Israeli entrepreneur. I actually spent the first two decades of my career in cybersecurity. I actually started there in that domain when I had to do my mandatory service in the Israeli army. So I was working for the Israeli Cyber Command about 20 years ago as part of our, my military duty over there. And about 10 years ago, I started my previous startup that was focused on mobile cybersecurity. So if you guys remember the days where people were buying iPhones and Android devices and they would come to work  one of the biggest cybersecurity vendors. I was running their mobile and cloud security portfolio. So basically their transformational unit that was supposed to take them from traditional IT infrastructure into modern age. So I've been there for three years and then basically there was something quite interesting that happened in 2017 that basically drove us into crypto, into this super exciting world of the new five years  And, you know, I've seen a lot of bad things happen to many people or many organizations through my career, but you rarely see people lose $200 million over overnight. And so that was, you know, really eye opening for me. And I basically went down the rabbit hole and started to talk with a lot of the financial, well, you know, financial institutions or, you know, crypto fintech companies that were operating in the space to understand what are the gaps they have, why, why that happened.  very fundamental operational security or cybersecurity problem. But eventually what we discovered is that we are much more of a fin to the company that is basically building the, builds the plumbing, you know, for, for how crypto can flow. Absolutely. And so if we kind of talk through fire blocks, maybe walk us through the evolution of the business, right? So kind of what was the original idea and then kind of how has it grown over time with the product suite and number of the things that you, you offered to customers today? Yeah.  is actually how do you meet or how do you send the payment? Because it was very evident that when you're sending a big transaction, when you copy paste the address, you basically, there are like five seconds where you get a heart attack, right? That you don't actually know if the crypto, I feel like when you press refresh on the block explorer to see if it's actually going to the address on the other side. And, you know, some of the first customers we started to work with were Genesis and Galaxy and some of those big OTCs that were doing hundreds of transactions.  And the second part, which we are, I guess most famous for is the Firebox network that is basically serving like this institutional authentication layer, basically the Swift for crypto for institutions to make sure that they authenticate each other from an address standpoint. That was, you know, how we started. You know, with time, I think it evolved to a much more comprehensive offering, which is almost like a crypto backend as a service. So any financial  comparison, but a bit like the AWS for if you need to do crypto, basically a platform where you can activate different components and start from sometimes from something that is very basic, but then just like activate more and more components and essentially take advantage and sort of bootstrap your business into then like in a full speed where you do everything possible in crypto. Absolutely. So one of the things I want to talk about today is just like the comparison between the legacy  will be similarities in terms of the participants in the market. I think that many years ago, people would say, you know, a few years ago, maybe there was like a notion that crypto is going to disintermediate everything. I think that we realize more and more that the players that own the end user are probably going to stay. Right. So you will have neo banks and banks and payment providers that will still  And you also have the market makers that need to basically supply liquidity to interact with the different protocols. So I think that's sort of the perimeter of the environment is going to be pretty much the same. What's definitely going, or I hope like, you know, that what's going to basically be changed is I think two things. One is the counterparty risk and the transparency that people have into  on a bad day when the market is stretched, they break, right? And when they break, there is sort of this ripple effect that goes through the market. And eventually, by the way, it propagates to the end user, to the end customer. Absolutely. And let's talk a little bit about the big differences, right? So obviously, similarities are clear and I agree with you on particular those. What are the major differences? Why do you feel like the digital assets and Fireblocks is still a superior or advantageous compared to  between in the marketplace. So for the first part, we were very, I guess, we developed probably, or we progressed a lot the utilization of this idea of using MPC, basically, Multiplyal Computation for wallet protection. But beyond the math that goes around and beyond the security, actually one of the most,  disappears tomorrow morning, their crypto is safe. There is a way for them to recover it. Whereas if you look at other custodial models, that is actually not the case. And that also forces us to basically operate in a very different way. So all the accounts are segregated. We don't commingle things. And at the end of the day, what people see in our UI is also what people see in their address on the blockchain.  represents beyond what you see in the UI. That's, I think, component number one. I hope it makes sense. No, it makes complete sense. I want to talk about certain aspects of the crypto industry, and I figured I can just throw a topic out there, and then you can give me an update in terms of what are you doing at Firebox, and then how do you think about the overall sub-sector, if you will. Maybe the place that we could start, we are recording this on the day that BNY Mellon is announcing  So I think that at the end of the day, one of the really fascinating things here is how stablecoins are going to disseminate people like Visa, in my opinion. And I think this is some of the reasons why you see Visa and MasterCard sort of like rushing to figure it out. And I'll just tell you our personal story. So we accept payments from our customers. It's basically a monthly  50% I'm not sure exactly. But more and more, we're actually pushing more and more of our customers to pass with stablecoins and we'll get to the point why. Right. So before before we started accepting stablecoins, we were basically accepting either a wire ACH or a strike. Right. And then at some point and wire ACH, they're okay, they're reasonably cheap, but it takes you for ACH, it takes you 24 hours until it clears into your  we process that, I don't know, hell no, I'm not paying Stripe like, you know, $1,000, which is like 3% of the transaction, right? As a commission for getting a payment. So we told them to basically send us it in USDC. And it's really convenient because they're basically sending it over the Fireblocks network. But in reality, like, you know, what I was supposed to pay, but what I was supposed to pay to Stripe for like, you know, $1,000 commission and hopefully get it clear after 48 hours,  And we're trying to push more and more. Now, then comes the question about ACH and wire. And the thing is that because it's truly digital, you can actually build automation, right? So you can build hooks in terms of getting those payments and reconciling those payments. You can look at the blockchain and you can use defi. So we actually depositing into compound and we, you know, we, we're getting like a pretty significant interest. You know, if I'm trying to basically put it as a.  their  you know, DeFi. And, you know, I think that this is definitely the biggest promise of crypto. But I don't think it, I mean, it's definitely one of those areas that are emerging. Funny enough, we released our support to compound, literally a year ago, I think it was like beginning of February 2020, and no one cared. We had a, we had like a press release, I think the only, the only publication that  But I think the most exciting thing is that it's here to stay. So people continue using it. Now I think it basically moved the market to be much more acceptable and people understand the risk. They also understand how to use the tools. And maybe the most important thing is that it really built the on-ramp into those protocols, or at least from my perspective, the institutional on-ramp because it forced  our initial set of capabilities around the generic capabilities. Two months ago, we thought that it's going to be an issue case and we'll have five or 10 customers are going to use it. Like 90% of our customers basically want to use it. So that's pretty amazing. Absolutely. And so when you think through the most surprising thing that's played out over, let's call it the last 12 months. So obviously we've had a public health crisis. We've had a massive kind of government and central bank intervention.  Right. I mean, of course, it basically tied to the health crisis that is tied into the concerns from inflation. But 12 months ago, and again, we always played in the what we call the crypto native space. So those are our core customers, you know, block fights, Celsius and Genesis and all the folks that we  Like there was, you were sort of like at the mercy of the regulator, right? When are they going to approve it? So I think that at the end of the day, the triangulation of those three things, basically the, I think the overall transformation, then the real, I think, economic force behind, you know, behind why Bitcoin and why cryptocurrency, and then I  the most important thing, not only the banks, but also, you see it was MasterCard and PayPal and all those big players. That for me, the fact that it happened so quickly, it's really surprising. I would expect that this will be a really gradual process that will take maybe two to three years. The fact that it basically happened really in their, I guess, speeds overnight, I wouldn't expect it. Yeah. And talk a little bit as you kind of think through  percentage standpoint, but it's decent, I guess. And interestingly enough, we have a lot of big guys. I mean, I don't know if the big, big guys, but we do have the mid-big guys in the space that are using us and partnering with us. And just to give some interesting numbers, in the last 30 days, to be honest, I didn't check today because I assume that things have changed overnight, but in the last 30 days, maybe 30  and make sure that we are not becoming a critical risk for the industry or for the market. We have quite interesting approaches over there that we're going to evaluate in the next 12 months.  Hopefully we've managed that well. And also from a customer standpoint, Kiri, making sure that all of our customers are happy and they're getting the SLA and the services that they need. And we do serve as a really critical component for them. That's also a challenge to continue and perform. But strategically, I think that we are at this point where the market and the use cases open up. It's almost that every  Now, there is this amazing use case around treasury management for corporations and their use cases around merchant, sorry, cross-border remittance. And one of the, I think like strategically for us, the challenge is really how to navigate and how to time which one of those back pockets we want to go after and address at every given moment.  course with Wall Street. Is this a world where they're all going to capitulate and they have to support digital assets and it'll coexist alongside the legacy world? Do you see it completely disrupting them and they're eventually all going to be built and playing on top of open, decentralized protocols? Just when you kind of zoom out from just fire blocks and you think industry and you kind of meet Wall Street at some point in the future, how does that play out? Yeah, I think it's a good question. I've always been sort of a strong  And traditionally you've seen it with companies like IBM and K like, you know, blockbusters and others that basically it took way longer to something to happen. But when it happened, it happened so quickly that they just couldn't react. So I think that overall this change is actually going to happen fairly quickly for them. And I think that some of those institutions will be able to react  modernize their infrastructure. And by the way, the de-modernization of their infrastructure is really, really deep because, you know, just to give like stupid examples, if you, for their systems to even deal with the precision that you have with Bitcoin or Ethereum, right? Basically like, you know, six digits, right? Precision, right? They don't have systems that know how to do it today, right? Basically they need to replatform everything  There are two things that are keeping me up at night. One is, or maybe I can have three. The first one is just day-to-day operations, right? That, you know, to make sure that we, as I said, make sure that we, everything functions properly, right? The system is up and running and all those things work for our customers. The second is really the strategy of sort of how to  next 12 months or so. And we need to basically be ready to set an infrastructure for them. And the last piece is actually talent, right? So hiring and scaling and making sure that we have the best talent there is in the company is also something that, you know, as a CEO is very important for me. I'm like a strong believer in the A player brings in A player and like, you know, B player brings a C player. So fundamentally,  comes to mind?  a book called, Four Steps to a Faithful Night, which is really like a Bible of how to develop product and achieve product market fate. Absolutely. Second question is more personal, sleep schedule. I've been using the new eight sleep thermoregulated bed. I used to be like a five, six hour sleeper. Now I basically sleep like on an ice cube and get much better sleep. And it's been like life changing for me with the eight sleep stuff. But what is your sleep schedule and how do you  fun aliens? Are you a believer or a non believer? That's a good question. And I think that, you know, like real aliens, like, you know, green aliens that come to visit us or like if they're like, you know, other forms of life. Whatever you think. Yeah, so I think like, you know, be I definitely, you know, I studied physics. So I definitely believe that like, you know, be is definitely a good probability that there is like another life form in  What one question do you have for me to finish up? Actually, that's a good question. So like, aliens, what's your view? I've talked about a million times. So I think that there's other intelligent life that exists somewhere in the world, but it is so far away that you and I in our lifetime won't come in contact with. Which, you know, kind of kind of calls into question. Does that mean that they actually exist or not? Right. If we don't get to engage with them, then maybe it doesn't matter. Yeah. But maybe like, you know, our grand grand grandchildren, we like, you know, have some kind of crazy technology  and we'll have to do this again in the future. Sounds good. Thanks, Adam.