 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Marcus here. Thank you so much for doing this. Awesome. Great to be on your show. For sure. Let's just jump right into your background. You're obviously building a really incredible company today, but what did you do before and how did you get into technology? Spent about 15 years in finance, everything from consumer finance for consumer banking in Europe, also in Africa and Southeast Asia. I spent time in investment banking. I spent time in private banking.  you in many ways a lot more in awe of what this new financial system can potentially do for us. Absolutely. And maybe let's just start with what was the original impetus for the idea for the NUMA? In about 2013, I quit my finance career and I said, since childhood, I wanted to do something in tech. And I said, where's the best place in the world to start a tech company? And that was in my view in Palo Alto. So I actually moved to Palo Alto,  I remember there was someone in Indonesia open that they Skype window open and I just scan the person's QR code and it shot through to Indonesia pretty much instantly. And that was a massive, massive our home open for me as well. Just out of interest, when we, you know, so that was the impetus in terms of, look, this is going to be big. It's about moving the value across the internet. What do we do with this? Where things got interesting is we originally said, look, we don't, you know, it has to do with money.  you could send and receive it. Similar to how you would use a mainstream kind of crypto product like we have now. And we announced that early 2014 in London at Finovate. And I remember I was standing on the stage then I had to slide up and it had the bank's logo and it said Bitcoin. And as soon as that slide went up, people started getting up and taking photos and all hell brokers. And in a good way, because a lot of banks all over the world started phoning us and asking us, okay, hold on, are we missing something here?  that you at some point saw, quote unquote, blockchain companies trying to do. And to make a very long story short, we came to two conclusions through that process. The one was the banks were going to take 10, maybe 15 years to actually do something in the space where customers can actually use it. And we also realized at the time, look, for better or for worse, the best use case of a blockchain is a decentralized cryptocurrency. And so a lot of this blockchain stuff at the time didn't make sense. And so what we then eventually did is we had a lot  to change in direction along the way, but it was a very valuable experience for us. And of course it also helped us build a lot of relationships and gravitas with a lot of regulators and banks throughout that period, which has really helped the consumer business a lot over the last few years. Absolutely. I want to talk a little bit about emerging market financial infrastructure before we kind of get into the solutions, right? So some of it is good, some of it is bad. Maybe walk us through your evaluation. And even if you want to break down certain markets as to how people should think  Now, again, we all know this intellectually, but I find that, you know, you almost forget it if you're not careful, even for us that, you know, we have a massive presence in all these markets that if we're not careful, we start thinking that people are going to behave in a similar way. So I think, you know, recognizing that upfront and knowing how to build a business or at least target customers in all these markets, I think is, you know, that's the key important thing. I think, you know, broadly in terms of, you know,  in Asia both being built in terms of consumer adoption, that's really encouraging, but it's still three or four years ahead of where we see that same kind of cycle in Africa. The other thing I'd just say is there are a couple of other misconceptions I think about some of these emerging markets, which I think is useful to know about. I think the one is, this is one example everyone loves talking about, empeza, right? Whenever people talk about fintech and emerging markets, it's empeza, empeza. Now,  fintech or whether the crypto side of things. I think that's important. Then the last important thing is, in a lot of these markets, the problems are on distribution. It's not a product issue. If I had one Satoshi for every company in the UK or the US that phones me once a month, twice a month, and says, we have this amazing new technology, it's going to really help solve all of Africa or Southeast Asia's problems,  not just with the consumers themselves, but also with the regulators and the banks and all the other place that, you know, stakeholders. And so, you know, we have to be smart about how we take these technologies and take it to the market. And, you know, not, you know, I don't want to say don't be over enthusiastic. I think the enthusiasm of the crypto community is probably one of its strengths, but there is a bit of a reality check on how we need to go about doing some of these things. But again, it will be very different by country and by market, how you build that trust and how you, how you kind of distribute those products.  question. I think, you know, if you look at certainly on the consumer side, if you look at most consumer companies in, you know, certainly in the tech world, they are mostly successful because of their distribution, at least from from the data I've seen, there are some exceptions. Now, of course, you know, I think it's important to know there is a minimum level of quality that you need for a product, right? Like you know, if the product needs to keep people's money safe, it needs to be people's money safe, or if it needs to be able to send something from A to B, it needs to be able to do that. But at some point,  a lot of the larger players, we all have to acknowledge that a lot of the growth and the traction we've seen in our industry wasn't because we had the most amazing products. It was because the media wrote about crypto the whole time. And I'm talking more like 2017, 2018 cycle now. If the media are writing about it the whole time, and there's no competition, at that stage, there was very few places you could buy, but even in the US and most other  The last thing I just mentioned there as well, and again, very pertinent for a lot of people in our industry. So remittances, fantastic use case for crypto. I have no doubt in my mind in the next 10 or 20 years crypto is going to form the basis of most global remittances and it's going to be completely transformative for people and for countries. But if you were building a crypto remittance  advantage, which you don't have at the moment because there's not enough liquidity in these markets to do it. So it means that when you are building a company, you have to not understand what company you are building. If you are targeting remittances, you are building a remittance company, which means you're going to have to raise capital to compete with remittance companies that have raised hundreds of millions of dollars that have licenses in all of these markets. It doesn't mean you can't win. It doesn't mean there's not a business to build there, but you have to understand the game that you are playing. And then you are  world have about these emerging markets, right? There's all these narratives that kind of float around. And so which ones are accurate and maybe which ones are maybe not so accurate? So look, again, I'll generalize for emerging markets, because we're going to see various varying degrees of this across particular countries. I think the one, certainly in our industry, is this thing about people don't trust their governments in emerging markets, right? Oh, they trust, they don't trust the government, give them Bitcoin, and then they're so happy. The problem in emerging  But the mass market, the critical mass to keep governments in power, they are 100% trust the government and they love the government because the government keeps them social security, some form of welfare. That's what they grew up with. So that's a big misconception. And I think that is to rely on that to say, oh, people will shift to crypto economy just because they don't trust the government. I think that's a bit naive. It doesn't mean that crypto can't play a really strong role in starting that shift now. So even  markets change that, but it's going to take a generation. It's not going to happen in two or three years. The other one I think that's maybe worth just also talking about is this IP inflation. Every country with if there's IP inflation, everyone's going to run to Bitcoin if the currencies are depreciated. Now, again, on a macro and a purely intellectual level, that is true, right? If there's going to be a lot of these markets, the currencies aren't strong, and people are looking for alternatives.  it somewhere else. It does happen, but it happens in a very, very small amount of cases. And certainly, if it's people with a lot of money, they don't put all of their money into that, right? Again, they're going to go mostly to US dollar, maybe some gold and so on. But the other interesting thing about a lot of these markets are because they're trying to control their currencies, is that they don't allow you to just buy US dollar. Some countries outright ban it, other countries make it very difficult. And so I think that's also where there's this interesting opportunity for stablecoins to come into play, which  maybe 10 years ago, 15 years ago, there wasn't as much internet penetration. There wasn't as much kind of cell phone, smartphone adoption today. That's changed drastically. Is that playing a big role in kind of the adoption or some of the emerging markets? Yes, that is definitely true, right? I mean, it is, internet penetration is growing like crazy. People have multiple mobile phones. I mean, just to give you an example in South Africa where we run the biggest  technologies. There's something true in that as well. It doesn't mean that we go from someone that's never had a bank account to putting all their money in crypto. I think that's a bit of an extreme jump. But it doesn't mean that they are going to be sitting around a table with their friends and everyone's going to be doing things on their mobile phones and be keen to try new things a little bit and share things. Very social driven markets where people share a lot of what they're doing and products that they're using. Definitely.  they really do want to make an impact and they do want to kind of affect change. Is there specific things that you're saying, look, this is an unsolved issue or this is the area that I think more people should be paying attention to, but they're not yet? Yes, I think, look, I think there's two parts that are kind of the big kind of areas where the work needs to go into and where the opportunities lie. The one is unfortunately a little bit tricky and that's around regulation.  countries, in particular in Africa, the regulatory regimes are not adequate yet for not just for crypto, but for mass market kind of consumer finance products. It's not because I'm not sure if it's because people really don't want it to be like that. It's just the markets have not evolved like that. And there's just not been any economics activity to support bringing another bank or another challenger bank or a crypto company into the market.  news for crypto is that because they don't exist, as long as the regulators are pragmatic and open, it presents opportunity to create new legislation that's specific to crypto. Because one of the worst things I think that can happen in the industry globally is that people are forced into other licensing regimes that don't apply to crypto given our unique industry. So I think that's where a lot of the work goes in. And then the second part we briefly covered on is around, we call the distribution  very strange about their money and that the trust equation is very complex. And again, depending on the country or the type of product, you are going to have to do something that people are going to actually trust you that they are not going to steal the money that you're not, you know, the things are not going to disappear. And that's where most of the work I think is going into certainly from our side. And, you know, where I think most of the work should be going into is that how do you build trust in these markets where they're, you know, again, starting all the way from education to how the product functions to where it's available.  so valuable in these markets, again, given they are generally low trust environments, but once you cross that threshold, then you have a lot to work with. And that's, I think, the biggest opportunity for any company, whether you're crypto or just kind of a general consumer company in tech. Absolutely. I want to talk a little bit about, you mentioned kind of regulation, but an aspect of regulation I've been thinking a lot about is centralization versus decentralization. Is there any sort of bifurcation between the developed world and the  and the UK and so on. I can tell you a certain answer, but for most of emerging markets, we're like two years away from that conversation. We are literally still trying to explain to people what Bitcoin is. That's it. I know, and decentralized finance versus centralized finance, all of these things, these are things that from a consumer perspective is interesting, especially if you're an early adopter in the crypto space and maybe in some kind of more advanced  But in emerging markets, what a lot of people don't realize is these countries have capital controls. Now, if you grow up in the US or the UK, you might not even know what that means, but it means that you can't just send your money in and out of the country freely. In some countries, you completely prohibit it. In some countries, there's a limit on how much you can send in and out. But in almost all cases, you need to actually report how much money you send or receive. Now, I think we all know, given where the financial technology is going,  Now, again, the reality is people are not, you know, we have a lot of data that we can see, you know, what people are doing with the crypto because it's obviously all on the blockchain and we have a lot of visibility and it's not actually a major problem, but there's a perception that it is a problem or that it could become a problem in the future. And that's where almost all of the energy is going on at the moment. And if you see some of the kind of regulatory reactions around the world of regulators in emerging markets, if they're not positive, then it's usually because of this factor. So, yeah, so I don't think there's much else to add.  business and they specifically do not allow P2P transactions. Now, can they control it? Probably not. Or they can try and make an attempt. But they are very overtly saying that that is something that they don't want to happen. And so they are looking to have some kind of central oversight into something. Now, again, the market's still really small. Let's see where it ends up in a couple of years. Maybe that conversation has to be revisited. But I suspect that once we get over the basic capital  only doing what the government and politicians, as they might not be the most groundbreaking thinkers. And so I think that that's a pretty interesting way to look at it. I want to bring this back to Luna, which is what are you seeing from growth in specific markets and also within the product suite itself? What are people doing? What do they want to use? Which products are most interesting to them? And which markets should people be aware of that seem to be growing fast?  I don't have time to try and understand this thing because I just wanna relax and do my job and not have to deal with this. And so you kind of have to feel a little bit for people that are now having to basically relearn an entire new industry. But yeah, so certainly I agree with you on that. I think, now, there is a lot of education work that we do, obviously, as a company and industry where we try and lobby and we try and educate  Now, those are completely different, not incomparable companies compared to the risk of what we're doing in terms of financial regulation. But I think that's kind of just stuck in people's heads that like technology is, yeah, the world's going to change. And at some point we're going to have to just deal with this, right? So what is happening, and you obviously know this, but the de facto regulators in our world is actually being the banks. Because the banks are the ones that are saying, look, if your product, it depends again on the type of product  for remittance clients, nonprofit organizations, crypto is somewhere in that kind of high risk category. And so that's kind of been the issue and one would hope I know would have been sorted out given how prevalent crypto is and at least the macro narrative has obviously changed to be a lot more positive. But it still continues to be a problem across the world, developed markets and emerging markets, you still see banks cutting off accounts  are Malaysia and Indonesia. Philippines to maybe some extent, but it's not as, you know, maybe as big as one would think. And then of course, Singapore is, you know, just launching their kind of new licensing regime. A lot of crypto companies are moving there to work under that license. So, you know, we're expecting some big things from Singapore as well. But, you know, in terms of what people use it for, you know, it's, I would say a couple of years ago, it would be very similar to someone in a city in the US, for example.  when they do do it, it's not because they want to circumvent capital controls, it's just the convenience is a lot easier than having to go through all of the process of declaring the money and filling in all the forms and so on. But even to this day, I would say it's less than 10% of total volumes are transactions. The rest is broadly into this category of investment. So that could be seeing it as a store value or seeing it as some kind of asymmetrical return or even speculative  And so when you think about kind of the future prospects of what you're building, you guys obviously recently did a transaction with DCG. Maybe talk through a little bit as to what the logic behind that was, kind of why you guys were excited about it, and then whatever you can talk about in terms of how the business will change or the structure of of Uno going forward. Thanks, Yau, good question. I think, look, we, you know, we love what we do. We love building, you know, what we perceive as really, really good value for our company.  And, you know, we people talk to us and we say, you know, you know, we do things in a way that we think is best for our customers in our market. And we don't want someone else to kind of spoil that. But, you know, DCG, what maybe a lot of people don't know is DCG was our very first investor, Barry, you know, Barry Solbert. And when we were, you know, four or five people sitting in a room building that initial product for that big bank in Africa, I was on the phone with Barry regularly just talking about crypto, talking about our business and so on. So it's been seven years that I've  always other than just being very culturally similar and knowing them really well, is that if you look at what they do, again, a lot of people think that they just do crypto investments, but that's not really their main business. They own and operate some of the biggest players in the space, Genesis, crypto trading and lending, Grayscale, which is now the biggest asset manager in the space, Huendes. They have these groups of people that really focus on particular segments of the market.  years of banking and you want to consolidate to get some cost synergies, that strategy will work. It doesn't work when you're at the beginning of an industry and everyone's still trying to figure out what actually to build and what is the best value proposition for whatever segment of the customers that it happened to be. And so for that reason, just DCG have a unique business model. If we could be part of that, I think it's just purely objectively speaking, but the best business model, I would love to be part of that. They have a massive balance sheet behind them and they have a 20, 30 year time horizon  So we run completely independently, nothing's changed, other than the scale of our ambition and our access to capital. But it's business as usual in that sense, we all operate completely independently. Yeah, makes a ton of sense. What is the one thing that you're looking forward to moving forward? It might not sound like the most exciting thing, but this thing about buying your first  I go to 711? Is it online? Is it offline? I mean, it is completely, completely, you know, early stages in our industry. And so a lot of what we are doing over the next 12 to 15 months is continuing to address that problem of like, where do people just go the first time? All the way from the, you know, the brand top of kind of mind brand building and education all the way through that funnel of being able to trust you with their money and being able to get KYC properly and, and so on. So again,  country-wide, now the product will actually maybe work. So I think that's where a lot of our attention is going on. And something I'm still very, very excited about, seven or eight years into the journey. But on top of that, we're going to be launching a couple of new markets. We've got a lot of demand in a few other markets. But we haven't announced too much around that. But I'm sure you will hear more about that. And also, I mean, I've been spending that much time on FinTwit the last few years. But I'm making a comeback. And we're going to be posting a lot more  read. I'm just stalling a little bit for time here, but just so you know, I have a bit of an obsession with reading books. I buy about five books for every two that I read. So I just need to also think that have I actually read the book? I think... Yeah, that's like asking what's who's my favorite child, right? It's just impossible. But okay, I'll just pick, I mean, a fiction novel, 100 Years of Solitude.  you can make it really cold. I sleep literally on an ice cube and sleep like a little baby now. What's your sleep schedule and how has that changed over the years? Same as you, you know, I did a basement banking, right? You don't sleep other than maybe under a desk every now and again. And I changed my schedule to go to bed early. I now try and get like seven or eight hours of sleep where I used to do, you know, four or five. I try and wake up at the late to six. I've tried the five AM thing a little bit. It's a bit tougher than it sounds. But yeah, seven or eight hours.  a little bit more fun and then you could ask me one to finish up. The last question is about aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? I am actually a believer. I, you know, just basically, but just on, you know, statistical odds, you know, from a peer, you know, that's what I, you know, I don't believe because I, you know, I think I want to see one in my lifetime, but just statistically speaking, I'm pretty sure there's life somewhere else in the world. I tend to agree with you. I don't know if they've come to Earth,  I always say the same three books, which is rich dad, poor dad, rich man in Babylon and thinking girl rich, because they were kind of life changing for me. A book that I recently read that I thought was really good was Morgan Housl's The Psychology of Money, or also the, I think it wasn't the Almanac of Naval Ravikant, which is just basically a bunch of Naval's thoughts all put together. I think both of those are great books as well. So I'm similar to you. I could go on and on and on and just, you know, a hundred books and feel like I didn't do it.  Awesome, thanks so much for your time.