 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  sounds like he has come around quite a bit and maybe he's not a full blown Bitcoin or yet, but it's definitely closer than he was back then. Maybe give us just kind of an overview in terms of what you've been up to over the last year and a half or two years. Yeah, last time we spoke almost exactly a year ago and it was, I guess about two weeks before the COVID meltdown.  bit lost in the blockchain buzzword jungle. And he still has some concerns about volatility and could Bitcoin be disrupted by another crypto asset, et cetera, et cetera. So he's still kind of looking at it as a consumer product. I don't think he's fully grasped the nature of an internet protocol, the nature of the social layer built on top of it, right? That people, holders specifically,  Saylor alluded to that when these digital networks get above 100 billion, which is 10X ago for Bitcoin, they tend to become indomitable. They have such an entrenched network effect. I guess you could say the brand recognition too is really important that you can't even mention a competitive crypto asset without comparing it to Bitcoin. So Bitcoin has this kind of self-reinforcing narrative in the world. And that's ultimately what it is.  a sound power reservoir for the energy that we sacrifice, the time and energy we sacrifice to obtain money, the money supply should reflect the scarcity of the time and energy we sacrifice to obtain it. And this idea, I think, is just tearing, it's just breaking out throughout the world, right? Again, COVID, we have the sharpest liquidity collapse in market history.  the  it seems at least, although it's at an all-time high, it's really just beginning this long run to actually do what we say it was gonna do, which is consume all the monetary premium in the world. And what we're trillion dollar asset today that store value market cap globally is probably closer to 250 trillion. So hard to believe as it may be, there's still a lot of upside in this market.  one of these just out of the blue events was actually Saylor and MicroStrategy. He was in a unique position in that his company was sitting on a lot of cash. Saylor for the audience may not know is the CEO of MicroStrategy, their NASDAQ business intelligence firm. They had been running a pretty conservative ship financially at least for the past decade. They're sitting on a nice treasury  I've got a Twitter DM from him and he's just sending me a link to the article. And so we started having a conversation and it turns out he had been following a lot of the maximalists and your show and other people's writings for a long time or relatively long time, a few months. And the interesting thing about that for me was that this guy went from essentially, he had disclaimed Bitcoin back in 2013. I don't think he thought a lot about it between 2013 and 2013.  And I thought this before, that the thesis of Bitcoin, although it's extremely complicated, very multidisciplinary, you have to understand things from many different angles to really to grok Bitcoin or to understand it, the general value proposition is not that complicated once you get it. It's just money that has a fixed supply. So it's money that can't be stolen, value that can't be stolen through inflation, deauthorization, confiscation, all of these things. And I had this thesis  course in a few months. So in our conversations, I was talking to him and I said, you know, I had this idea for a show. I didn't even know what it would be at this point, podcast, YouTube channel, whatever. I just said I wanted to sit down with the best thinkers in the Bitcoin space, but also in the macroeconomic world. So it's not just a Bitcoin focused podcast and talk to them in a long form discussion. So I would sit down  is around 1490 when Gutenberg invented the printing press, we collapsed the cost of information access. So all of a sudden we went from like 10 million books produced in the prior 500 years, there were 10 million books produced in a decade once the printing press was made available. And the consequence of this was there was a great many more thinkers emerging in the world, a great much more variety of thought emerging in the world. And a lot of  here in the digital age, maybe we're seeing something similar. We've once again collapsed the cost of information. We have the library of the world, so to speak, at our fingertips through a smartphone or a laptop, that maybe this would be a similar type event to the Gutenberg printing press. And we're actually gonna increase critical flight thinking in the world and increase kind of general intelligence. So what I wanted to bring into this new paradigm was  help spread, I guess, the information that these people have obtained that they've won, basically, hard won through experience throughout their careers and share that with the world and see if people would have an affinity for it. And it turns out, I think the thesis is right so far. I'm getting feedback on the Sailor Series specifically that it's some of the best content people have ever seen.  from every other animal is that we can plan, we can build these intellectual structures, we then go out and harness energy to energize those structures and create things in the world. That's what civilization is. And just brick by brick, building this intellectual edifice that took us from the stone age into the industrial age, into the digital age, frankly, and then evaluating Bitcoin to that long scope of how this impacts everything going forward.  And how that's just a total game changer. So we recorded two sessions initially, about five hours each. That came out to about nine episodes. We're scheduled to do at least one more session. That could be between another one and three episodes. Going forward, I'm gonna sit down with other prolific thinkers in the space. Jeff Booth is next. We're already working on that conversation framework. Just got an all-star cast lined up. And for me, this is amazing because  I'm hoping they're going to like the ones to come here. So. Absolutely. So Michael Saylor kind of cracked open the dam, if you will, in terms of corporations buying Bitcoin and putting it on their balance sheet. He did it in a very kind of transparent, honest way. What I mean by that is he basically said to shareholders, I am considering doing this. If you do not want to be a part of this strategy, basically I'll buy back your shares at a premium.  seen Square go out, they did a $50 million purchase, then another 170 million comes out to about 5% of their cash position. We've seen Tesla, about 78% of their cash position, about 1.5 billion. And there's a whole host of other kind of crypto related businesses that obviously hold Bitcoin on their treasury as well in the public markets. But how do you evaluate kind of what we're seeing with corporations actually buying Bitcoin and putting it on their balance sheets? Yeah, I think at a very high level,  It's a really, really big deal. I mean, Saylor is, we'll probably go down. I joked with him at the opening the show that for a company called MicroStrategy, this might be the most brilliant macro strategy ever executed. If the Bitcoin thesis continues to play out in the way that we think it will and the way that it currently is, he stands to become one of the most wealthy people in the world, and MicroStrategy stands to become one of the most successful companies in the world.  It can't be seized, it can be moved 24 by 7, et cetera, et cetera. So then it gained a market value. And as has been said, that was kind of the miracle event. Once Bitcoin established a market exchange value against fiat currency, it became, that was the beginning of its monetization, essentially. Everything from that event has just been a step function of its constricting supply flow.  central banking, basically, or monetary policy or Austrian economics, whatever that monetary element was that he plugged in, just crystallized this worldview for him on Bitcoin. No matter what amount of work we have done, as Bitcoin ambassadors and talking about it and educating writing about it, money always speaks louder than words. Actions speak louder than words. The fact that he's now up to the initial allocation  his balance sheet effectively. Credit providers are willing to lend him money at 0% or 75 basis points so that they can get the option on micro strategy stock, which has the Bitcoin on its balance sheet so that serves as a proxy for an option on Bitcoin effectively. This all points to a point he's made repeatedly is that every company now faces similar incentives. They have to  against Bitcoin because everyone, so now we've seen this game theory permeate from the retail level to corporates. We had now expected in the next say five to 10 years to see it permeate at the sovereign wealth fund of the central bank level. But every market actor, whether you're an individual or you're of the other end of the spectrum, faces incentives today to borrow dollars or borrow fiat at low cost to buy Bitcoin on top of the market.  the digital asset or something that's going to be eating the fiat structure from all sides and that everyone wants to now borrow and sell, basically go short dollars and long Bitcoin. And this incentive is faced by all market actors. Really starts to make you believe that this thing could all play out much more quickly than we thought. Even this time last year, we were talking about this as like, you know, Ray Dalio  is the Bitcoin network. And now that we're north of a trillion dollar market cap, we're almost to the point where it's taken very seriously as a macro asset. I say, once you break 5 trillion market cap, it is a very serious macro asset. And every capital pool in the world will want to have some exposure to it. That's when things get really interesting, because the supply curve of Bitcoin, it's perfect information. We all  My strategy is to sit down at this table before anyone else sits down at this table. As market actors do that, they're actually increasing the market cap of Bitcoin, increasing the likelihood of its success, and further imposing that calculus on other market actors. So I think it is just a very interesting event. I think Saylor will be regarded as a pioneer, frankly, in Bitcoin.  people were ready for corporations in 2020 and into 2021. But that has happened in a much faster clip than I thought, you know, was previously expected. Anyone who would have claimed in beginning of 2020 that within a year, Tesla would be buying a billion and a half dollars of Bitcoin on their balance sheet, I think would be absolutely nuts. And I think from there, what you end up getting is the final question, which is,  Say their buys 1.3 billion at the time, I think that was 1.3, Tesla buys 1.5. I think those numbers are closely related for a reason. Saying like, how much should we buy? Tesla's treasurer or CFO is saying, well, how much did the other guy buy? About 1.3, let's buy 1.5. As silly as it sounds, I think that's actually how a lot of this came will be played out. In terms of the timing of central  the internet, say 25 years, the internet is a joke to everything's on the internet now, everything, right? Everything we do. And not only that, the internet also is in our pocket now, the fully baked internet. We're not talking about the little Nokia flip phone with a mediocre browser. It's a supercomputer now in our pocket. And it's only getting faster. So I really am increasingly of the  just looking at the central bank itself. The structure of the central bank is characterized by the money, right? So the money is upstream of everything. The reason we have a central bank, frankly, is because gold is expensive to secure and it's heavy and it's hard to move across space. So we had a great tool that was selected on the marketplace for holding its value across time.  is the ultimate custodian of gold. And it issued paper currency to augment the lack of portability in gold. So now we have this large custodian that centrally manages the gold and issues paper back by it. But with this custody model came the requirement to trust the central bank that they won't abuse the money supply, right? That they'll always maintain a one-to-one peg with the currency in gold.  issue money, but that's not actually true. What money emerges when we have property rights, basically. So when we, in the agricultural age, when we started creating savings in the form of grain, capital, et cetera, to protect that capital, the protection service was the government. So it's the local group that specialize in violence that protected you from other specialists in violence to protect those savings.  dominant money in the world. The question now becomes 5,000-year-old tech gold, 12-year-old tech Bitcoin, a digital disruptor to the only game we've ever been playing, the original governor of human action, if you will. Money is the governor of human action, not government. It's whoever holds the gold makes the rules as the old accent goes. This, I think Bitcoin makes it so interesting is that it  current analog institution disruption. The largest and most dominant world is the central bank, which is premised on gold. And now we have this digital tool disrupting it from the bottom up. It's disrupting gold, which then upends the central bank model, makes it irrelevant. And the $100 trillion question, so to speak, is what are they going to do about it? What are they going to do? It's increasingly obvious that most attack  global catastrophe. There's not a lot that can be done to stop the internet. Therefore, there's not a lot that can be done to stop Bitcoin. So then the question becomes, what are they going to do to adapt to this new reality? And as I've argued in a lot of my writing, this is kind of like the old, I think it was Gandhi that maybe said this, but who knows, I read it on the internet, so might be wrong. First, they laugh at you, then they fight you, then they adopt to whatever first thing.  But I think Bitcoin survives that because again, the network will survive that. Government doesn't have any mechanisms that can really jeopardize the network itself. They can sort of just impact the consumer endpoints. So when we get beyond the fight stage, that's when I think they just start acquiring it as a means of insurance against its success.  Bitcoin is just going to heat this thing up to a level of game theory that we can't even imagine. Because then you're running the same calculus, but at a level where not only do they have the largest balance sheets in the world, but they can also just print money and buy the thing. So that's when I expect escape velocity for Bitcoin to be achieved. So if we zoom out for a second and we basically look at this as it's  all out violent wars over this? Just walk me through from where we are today to what you think, you know, 25 years from now the world looks like, and then how do we get there? Yeah, this is an extremely complicated question because we quite actually have no historical precedent whatsoever. Another way to maybe think about this is the way  And the reason how competed the USSR and the USSR ultimately broke down, they erupted and fragmented is because the model of, we'll say capitalism in parentheses, because it's not pure capitalism. They've always had essentially planned money, but it was most markets were free compared to Soviet Russia where no markets were free. It's because they were able to mobilize the collective intelligence of market actors  distributed computing network of free market capitalists competing against a centralized computing network of Soviet Russia pricing czar, right? US capitalism therefore out competed Soviet communism for that reason. It was a more energy efficient tool, if you will. And I think that whatever this model that comes in the wake of Bitcoin, we could say it's purified capitalism, like in the original sense of capitalism, which has minimized state  possible for Bitcoin. And that's why I think it is difficult to comprehend the implications of this and difficult to explain, frankly, because we don't have a lot of direct historical analogy. But to get a sense of where this goes and why I think it goes that direction, we can just look at the average US taxpayer. So the average US taxpayer today is paying about $10,000.  the poor, retirees, pensioners, anyone living on fixed income. So it's an additional invisible tax, but we won't even look at that. We'll just look at direct taxation. $10,500 per year paid in direct taxes to the IRS. If that amount of money, the $10,000 was instead put into a savings account that yielded 10% per year, over 40 years, so after 40 payments,  even included inflation, which if we look at inflation in 2020, US tax revenue, direct tax revenue was $3.9 trillion. We printed about $4.1 trillion. So we could say that the inflation tax was effectively doubled the direct tax rate. So you could say that $10,000 payment per year, probably getting hit for another $10,000 per year based on inflation. Now again, it depends where he's at.  operators in the world. Just go to your local DMV to see how inefficient things are. They're not accountable to their P&L like every other entrepreneur in the world. They're just able to print money and paper over mistakes and bad decision making and continue. And the example of this that I think safety and pointed out was in Lebanon, they have the Lebanese Rail Authority, Railroad Authority still operates today and they haven't had to track a railroad  or whatever tax they're being hit with, they can go and hold Bitcoin, borrow against it even, right? Which is a tax efficient strategy of taking liquidity against it and suffer no tax impact. I think this creates a hydraulic pressure pushing market actors to the exit, right? So we'll be to exit the fiat currency complex and go into Bitcoin. And every incremental saver that decides to hold Bitcoin  What happens next? Because if everyone moves their savings into Bitcoin, all of a sudden inflation is no longer a revenue source for the government. Which again, if we look at the US government last year, that was 50% of their revenue pretty much was inflation. Direct taxation becomes much more complicated because all of a sudden you're in this asset that is largely unrealized gains for people that are holding savings in it. You can't really tax unrealized gains. You could pass the law on it, but you're just  it's going to force them to compete for citizenship, to compete for their business, so to speak. So it's imposing the free market paradigm at the governmental level, which is not something they're accustomed to. They're accustomed to treating their taxpayers like cattle, right? They could just raise them up, shear them down whenever they need to, which is the analogy that the book uses actually. It says, in the 21st century, those cows will grow wings, basically.  It's difficult to explain and comprehend what happens. We have a few analogies, like I alluded to the one about Soviet Russia earlier. The book goes into some more examples about what happened post-feudalism, how society restructured itself. But it's important to realize that it's the old Andreessen quote, right? That software is eating the world. That just rings louder and louder to me with every past year.  I don't know, I would say for deeper thoughts on that, come check out the series I'm writing. It covers the sovereign individual, but also putting some of my own lens on it, and also things I've learned in these conversations, like with Sailor and others, about how they see the future point now.  Cash, are they rooting checks that they can't cash effectively? So they're defaulting on this debt in slow motion by inflating the currency. So they'll print more currency to pay their bills and they externalize the cost of that money printing onto society. So by printing money or engaging in quantitative easing, the central bank is harvesting the economic surplus of entrepreneurs, of the productive economy.  requires steadily more collateral and leverage to remain sustainable. There's this increasing appetite for interest, basically, to be siphoned off the productive economy and back to the owners of the debt. And this thing, and all of the costs of that are externalized to inflation. So it tends to accelerate. When we look at something like Weimar Germany, this has really perverse consequences, actually.  I would argue we're seeing today is that since nothing holds value, there's no sound store value. People become, their time preferences increase a lot, which means they become much more likely to gamble and engage in super risky ventures. You know, gambling in the stock market was a big thing in Weimar, Germany. I would say that's what we're seeing today in a lot of ways. There's a lot of,  See, the currency is getting deprecated all the while. And then what finally happens is that people try to get their money out of the country, right? When the writing is clearly on the wall for everyone, that this thing's going into hyperinflation, people either try to get, trade their money for consumable or durable goods, things that can't be