 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  share. So hi, everyone. My name is Annabelle Hong and I'm a partner at Amber Group. So a little bit about my background. I was born and raised in China, then went to the States for college. So I went to Carnegie Mellon and studied math and finance. And, you know, I just went into the traditional finance world because that was what makes the most sense given my background. And then I did FX structuring in New York for Deutsche Bank and then Ennemura for a number of  interested in crypto, or Bitcoin actually, from when I was in college, a lot of my computer science friends were telling me, oh my gosh, look at this new distributed system on the crypto side. And I took a look at the white paper, and I was more interested in the new way that economics could work in a decentralized fashion. And the game theory behind it, behind  And I really liked the team and joined them, moved to Asia, moved to Hong Kong to lead Asia extension for them. And really approached crypto from more of a layer two protocol or more of a technology and product point of view, as opposed to, I see a lot of my peers in finance, traditional finance who moved to crypto, mostly trading Bitcoin or other crypto assets.  we saw last year in 2020. So the user experience is poor because the online tech is still quite nascent and there's no really liquidity anywhere. So I decided to join Ember, which is a crypto finance company based in Hong Kong. And there's really more of a global platform being at both the intersection of DeFi and CFI. So you really get to see a lot more market activity, got to service more clients from there.  Amrogru was started in 2017 and it was a bunch of, you know, FX traders, et cetera, on Wall Street. And when we started, it was initially just a self and trading style desk where we have traders on the desk, everything we're servicing. We're servicing our institutional clients offline through our, you know, traders. And in 2019, that was about almost three years of servicing Haidan with individuals.  on your collateral as well. And in 2020, that's when we launched our second product, the Amber app, which is a mobile app that's easier to use, more designed for people needed in space. That's also when we saw an influx of actually both institutional and retail investors from the traditional space come into crypto on the back of this amazing rally.  We really believe in it. We believe that people, more users, can really capture long-term value from the world of crypto finance. Absolutely. So you're based now in Asia. Maybe talk a little bit about what is the crypto scene like in Asia? What is kind of different than the United States? What is similar to the United States or North America when you think of those two different geographies? Yeah, it is quite interesting.  And then there are people building different chains out there and different blockchains out there other than Ethereum versus in Asia or I guess in China, first of all, it's very cashflow business driven. So you see a lot of exchanges based in Asia, a lot of miners, a lot of trading shops just because I guess those are the more readily cashflow driven businesses.  of early adopters coming from Asia. Maybe the tech came from the States, but I think a lot of people are more eager to participate in the ecosystem from Asia. So that, I think it's a great combination. I think, again, taking DeFi as an example last year, right? A lot of the liquidity mining programs or yield farming programs. I think it is driven from innovation from the States, but we see a lot of participants from Asia  kind of innovations that happen in Asia versus North America? Is there any kind of answer to like, why is it different? I think, I think mentality culturally, maybe I think, I think we see in Asia, I guess in Korea and Japan, it is hard for people to find yield anywhere, especially like I guess in Japan, right? All the yields are negative. And I think people are perhaps more inclined to define yield opportunity.  and leveraging that and applying it to crypto to build more products like exchanges or wallets or more crypto finance servicing apps. So I think you do see that. I think first of all, people are more eager to do things and they're more open to accept new things. And I think regulatory constraints definitely play  Absolutely. And so when you look at the user base in Asia, it feels like there was a massive advantage in terms of just the digital economy already, right? Whether it was gaming or other pieces to it. Forget crypto for a second. Like, help people understand like what else is going on in the digital economy in these Asian regions that give people kind of a predisposition to something like crypto and maybe a little bit more trust, a little bit more open-mindedness.  It's quite interesting actually when I first returned to Asia and I didn't even have my alley pay or WeChat pay set up and I was trying to just pay my cab and then he didn't want to accept my cash and said, you know, I just just go and I felt like, wow, they just really don't. The whole the user behavior here is so different now. Just on the back of the whole smartphone and the internet product development  And the Chinese government is also pushing out digital currency, right? We call it DSEP. And they have run trials in Shenzhen and now in Beijing pushing out on a national scale, a government scale that everybody should just use E, C and Y. So that would be quite interesting to see. Absolutely. And so when you think through those digital  adoption or is that actually a headwind of potentially an obstacle in your opinion? That's a great question. I think it is a bit of both ways. First of all, with the central banks of the government pushing out digital currency and digital assets in general, I think that definitely bring people's attention to what digital assets are, what it means. How do I use a wallet? How do I transact?  everything they do will be recorded somewhere. And that might prompt people to think about decentralization or having some sort of privacy, even though the level expectations of privacy in China and the States or rest of the world is perhaps a little different, but I think it will get people to start thinking about what that all means.  and China with individuals looking to Bitcoin as either an inflation hedge or a store of wealth or just another portfolio diversification to add. And the case for it is so strong that nobody can ignore it. And we've seen just every day there are new institutions coming out saying they're backing Bitcoin. I think yesterday was BlackRock and who knows who's going to come out today and tomorrow.  Yeah, I think on the institutional side, most of our clients, they are of the view that they're holding at least Bitcoin for the long run. And given it's a broad bull market, so a lot of people who are investing in DeFi, et cetera, has been benefiting a lot from it this year. So everyone is quite active. So training Bitcoin,  there's records signups for Binance and Coinbase and our own platform has also seen an increase in the user signups. I think they're definitely paying attention and looking to get into space as well. I think just that the whole market sentiment, first of all, it feels a lot more healthier, a lot healthier than what transpired in 2017, I would say,  I think I've talked way too much and basically bored the hell out of people here of what's going on in the United States. But how has that been in the last year and what's been most surprising in Asia? Well, yeah, it's completely, I don't even know where to start just seeing where the states, I spent almost a decade in the US. So I felt like it was my second home and it was just really quite devastating to see  and just putting everything in place immediately. Wuhan was shut down from January 23rd until April 8th. Everyone would stay at home. For the rest of the metropolisms in China, we all stayed at home for at least a month, I think. And then everybody reacted really fast and then got the situation under control. And within China,  there's that different governments put out. You compare that and you see where we are now. I don't wanna comment further on that, but yeah, it's definitely different world, very different here versus the States. For sure. When you kind of talk to your friends in the United States, is there anything that really sticks out to you  and works people use in the different regions? I would think the underlying rational feels quite universal across the globe. People believe in Bitcoin for as a store of value, as a store of value that's better than gold, perhaps, and people, especially the younger generation, like the idea of a complete new asset class.  I think that that concept is perhaps a little weaker here in Asia or in China. So I think people still approach it from more of a financial, you know, or yield opportunity versus in the States, perhaps people really believe more so in its design and its original vision, et cetera. But I do think people are investing in it, be it retail institutions, be it  from more traditional heavyweights coming to space and telling you that you were right all this time. I think a lot of people did a 180 different banks or different asset managers who really dismissed the idea of our innovative new asset class maybe three or four years ago. And it's just really incredible to see that.  to give users what they want and to really grow with the industry. Absolutely. Before I let you go, I just ask everyone the same three questions. The first is, what is the most important book that you've ever read? That's a great question. I grew up reading a lot of literature, I guess Chinese ones and after I learned English, English ones as well. But I'll throw out a book that I really  Kelly criterion is it really taught me how to size my bets either on sports betting or trading in general and then talks about at Thorpe, which is a legend and who is a mathematician and turn into basically discovered or approved black shawls by himself on equity options pricing and then started his own hedge fund  I love it.  a lot of the revolutionary strength that we had, but lost because we use technology to make our lives so comfortable, right? We cannot endure heat or cold anymore. We, you know, we're always full. Actually, we have excess like energy intake every day. And that book really walks you through how you can trigger a lot of that strength, that better your immune system and get better sleep and just better  a little bit more fun and then you'll get to ask anyone to finish up aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? Believer, I guess from a statistics point of view, there are so many galaxies, planets, stars. It is unlikely that we don't see another, I guess, form of life or aliens in that sense. But I'm not sure.  and violate that, or one day someone who's with higher intelligence is gonna discover us, then I guess, well, that's the end for us. But I do believe in the dark forest theory. We actually see that within DeFi, in the DeFi gas wars. So that's also an interesting detour, but yeah, that's my answer to the question. I love it. I'm a believer too, so I hear you.  Wall Street institutions are showing up. And I don't look at it from like, I'm cheering on the financialization of Bitcoin specifically, as much as it is, the more that these financial institutions say we like Bitcoin, we're gonna hold Bitcoin, the less likely nation state attacks against Bitcoin will be. And so I think that in some weird way, Wall Street is protecting Bitcoin over time. And so I think that's a really, really kind of fascinating way to think through  about Amber Group and our product suite on ambergroup.io, our website. You can follow us on Twitter at ambergroup underscore IO. You can follow me on Twitter as well at underscore Annabelle Huang. We're on Medium, we're on Telegram, we're on the website, email us, drop us a note. Awesome. Listen, thank you so much for doing this. We'll have to do it together in the future. Thanks for having me again. Great chatting with you.