 Hey guys, what's up? I'm so excited for you to watch this interview before we get into this interview. I want to talk about our sponsor Prime XBT. If you're trading Bitcoin, you got to be using Prime XBT. Not only do they have global markets available to anyone, but they also have great execution, low fees, and an amazing user interface. The best part about Prime XBT is that you can also follow some of the best traders in the world. You go on, you find someone who you think is smart and you can literally just follow their trades when they execute something.  I'm going to enjoy this one. All right, guys. Bang, bang. I've got Jonathan here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Yeah, happy to be here. Let's jump right into your background. How did you get started in the technology world? And what did you do before Bitlage? Yeah, sure. So I started my work life working sales at Oracle. And it was not really that interesting of an experience.  for  exchanges, merchant processors, wallets, but there was really no system for getting money from merchants back to their employees or freelancers or even vendors, basically merchants doing their disbursements. And so we decided, let's be the first to do this. And that if this didn't exist, there would actually be no way for Bitcoin to exist within its own financial loop, right? Because they would have to  plays through us. And you might realize that 2014 wasn't really a great time to go after companies for this. This was just after a bubble crash. Right. I think it crashed from like a thousand dollars to four hundred dollars during this time period. Trying to convince any company that this is a good idea, that that Bitcoin is not just for hackers and drug dealers was was it was a pretty big challenge. And that caused us to create our second product.  the person who wants to get a percentage of their wage in Bitcoin, 5%, 10%, 15%, essentially dollar cost averaging. And then there are the people who are actually using this to get their wages across borders. So we have a lot of people who are getting paid in East Asia, in South America, in India, these sort of places who sign up with us, and then they actually get their entire wage through our system and they'll get it in Bitcoin or as a local deposit into their bank account.  a efficiency standpoint or a censorship resistant standpoint. So talk a little bit about some of those use cases as to why people want to do this. Sure. Yeah. I think in the US that particular use case of the store value is like I want, I'm actually thinking about this as my savings account, right? The, the, the cash supply of dollars increased 25% last year, but my dollars didn't increase 25% last year, which means they're worth less. So I need to now have something else to store my value. Right. So that, that is one use case.  economic situation, your president got caught for corruption. You just don't believe in your government and you don't believe that your currency can hold its value. And these people are actually opting to get their salaries completely outside of their local currencies. So these people will get Bitcoin, especially if they're comfortable with it. I mean, these people know about Bitcoin. You're not getting a newcomer to get their entire wage in Bitcoin. But then you also get people  Because people don't believe in their local currency, the price of Bitcoin gets a premium when you're trading to the local currency. And that premium doesn't get arbitraged out because these countries will often have capital controls that restrict your ability to transfer your local currency to dollars. So this premium exists because the people understand the value of Bitcoin. But what this does is for our customers is they actually get to sell against that premium because they will, for instance, export services to a  through the company side, talk about some of the companies that are starting to adopt this and kind of how it's going for them. Sure. Yeah. So I'd say that in the beginning of 2020, what we really saw were more use cases either for cryptocurrency companies coming on or companies that are doing the cross border. And actually, it was interesting because even during the bear market, there were companies doing the cross border  that. We are seeing companies, mostly like startup tech companies, like for instance, recently we had Sequoia come up, there was Big Nose that were doing this. Sequoia was actually a cloud management company with hundreds of employees coming on. So we have a lot of interesting clients from this side, but then we're also seeing really big names coming in looking for Bitcoin payroll as a solution.  salary in Bitcoin? Is it a percentage? Is it the employee's choice? How do you see them kind of adopting it? Yeah, so the ability to get 100% of your your wage in Bitcoin, I think that not very many people want to do that. It's pretty scary. I mean, even I don't get 100% of my wage in Bitcoin. I still do dollars. But I think that it's the option to do, you know, 5, 10, 15, 20%. And usually it's the employee's option.  sending it off almost immediately. And so we handle that process for them. They are funding us in dollars and then we are paying their employees in Bitcoin. There are cases where they do fund in Bitcoin, but the majority case is I'm a company, my admin doesn't know anything about Bitcoin. I don't want them to like accidentally lose Bitcoin. So let's have a service where we just send dollars and then the employees choose how they want to get their paycheck.  educate people about this, right? And the general concept is that as long as what you're investing in is going to trend upwards, you don't have to worry about the short-term volatility cycles that are occurring when you make the investment because instead of doing one bulk purchase, you do small ones over time. So a great example I'd like to think about, about a month ago, I was using this calculator and I wanted to see what would happen if I put $250  the very top, dollar cost averaging essentially removes the risk. Obviously, if you're buying at the very bottom, it's better than dollar cost averaging, but no one knows these things. No one knows at the top, no one knows the bottom. I don't know these things. So if you want to get in and get long-term exposure, but you don't want to worry, is it the top? Is it the bottom? Dollar cost averaging is the way to go, and getting your paycheck and Bitcoin is essentially the easiest way to do that.  work in cryptocurrency, right? Because not only do we have this dollar cost average use case, but we have this international use case where people are getting paid internationally doing work for US, EU, UK companies. And that whole remote work growth is really bringing that sector up. Additionally, we have the cryptocurrency sector. And what, in my opinion, is happening in the cryptocurrency sector is everything is being lifted  So it's pretty close to the number of cash that was raised in that time period. And that's where cash has been going. It hasn't been going into everyone's pockets. It hasn't been causing food to rise substantially, the price of food to rise substantially. But it's been causing all real assets to rise substantially. And that's causing the movement in Bitcoin. So both of these two things, COVID was the catalyst for  Bitcoin, it's really not that easy to do. Right now, I think you're paying like $10 for that transaction. But when you're talking about a paycheck, maybe it's $5,000 or it's something like that, an entire paycheck across borders in Bitcoin, that transaction cost is actually relatively low. And the way that we do the system, we're batching it all. We're doing batches of the transaction.  Yeah, so we've done about $100 million in payrolls. We have 50,000 registered users on the platform. We have people in over 100 different countries who are getting paid. What we saw from the beginning of COVID, so in the beginning of COVID, we saw a 25% dip in our volumes, which actually made sense because people stopped getting paid during that time. Everyone was freaking out, didn't know what was happening.  coins.  they don't deal with the volatility of Bitcoin, which is like the stepping stone for people because a lot of people, they still want dollars. A lot of people in countries in the world still want dollars and it gives them access to this. But when we are moving money from one country to another and then we're depositing local currency into someone's bank account, we often are using Bitcoin and not stablecoins or some other cryptocurrency to do that. People think, oh, why? Bitcoin is slower or more expensive. But actually, Bitcoin is not that slow and it's not  that network effect that it has and the liquidity that it has.  while introducing the other. So it becomes an easy way for people to enter the space, right? I know about dollars. If I'm in Zimbabwe or Venezuela, I believe the dollars is more stable than my local currency. So I would love to get access to dollars that I could use anywhere. And so then they want stable coins and then they take it  stablecoins are not going anywhere. I think they have a very important role to what's going to happen around the world because not everyone is ready to get 100% of their wage in Bitcoin. Let's just be real. But a lot of people are ready to get 100% of their wage in dollars. And this gives people access to that. And at some point, there will eventually be the move to get into Bitcoin from there.  Oh man, I actually can't remember the name of it off the, if, let me look at this. It's a post-modernist writer. Colvino. If, On a Winner's Night a Traveler, that's what it is. If On a Winner's Night a Traveler. And so I read this, you know, like a decade ago, this book, and it's basically a book about the journey  the end. So I love that. It makes me remember kind of the enjoyment is in the process, right? Not the final result, which I think that the grades always always align on. So that's a great recommendation. Second question is a more personal sleep schedule. I used to sleep like five or six hours, but our friends over at eight sleep have me sleeping on this  at two days before all my finals, I didn't need to study anymore because I knew everything. And ever since then, that's what I've been striving for is eight to nine hours of sleep. And I tried to be very rigid about it. Right now, during all the chaos that's happening in crypto and at BitWage, it's hard for me to find the time to do that. But when I have the time,  because the universe is so big, how can it be possible that this event of creating life only happened once? I think it's not possible. Have we ever had contact with alien life? That I don't know. I'm usually skeptical when I hear about people who think that we have had contact with alien life. Yeah, I completely agree there, my friend. Before you get to ask me one question,  to finish up. What question do I have for you? I wish you had told me I was going to have to come up with a question before so I could come up with something fun. What's your favorite animal? My favorite animal? And why? Probably a silverback gorilla just because ain't nobody fucking with him. I don't know. Like I feel like I'm cool with a lot of animals, but the silverback gorilla just seems