 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  graduate. I attended Imperial College Business School, which actually led to a lot of opportunities in crypto, great crypto research lab they have there today. And I did the thing that was Durega back in, I guess, 1990, which was you get a job at a big investment bank, amazing how times have changed. But I started off with Sullivan Brothers. You know, these were the heydays of some brothers, the things they wrote the lies poker book about and all those characters I actually knew.  during that decade or 12 years. And then I had the opportunity to start on my own, which again was very much what people did back then. You do your time with banks, you build your clients, build your reputation, and then you go on your own. I was fortunate enough to get a very big investment from Lewis Bacon, more capital to start us on our way. He seeded our program with about a quarter of a billion dollars, which was actually real money back in those days in 1999.  business and then three, build vehicles fit for investment and sell those. So we did that. We had some big things at the time, a lot of that has to do with commodities consumption growth in Asia. We told that story. We put that team together. We built those products and we had a very successful run. But like a lot of things, you know, these things eventually reach a new valuation. Commodities did reach a new valuation.  having looked at thousands of commodity price charts over a long period of time, took one look at that and I said, that market's got real energy. I think it's going places. Let's figure out what it is. And that was my very first exposure. That was in 2012. Do you remember how you found the chart? Was it like on a media site? I think it flashed up on CNBC sort of late at night when no one was watching. And I just sort of called it my, it was on whatever I was doing. I just noticed it and I think it was on TV.  long time to then be able to kind of moderate, modulate your enthusiasm, your fear and your greed to the point where you can then navigate a chart that you understand and actually walk away and make money. And that is in acquired skill. Some people acquire it easier than others, but I did manage to do that in my days. Yeah, it's amazing. When you think about what you're doing today, you're the chairman of CoinShares. Walk through us. How do you go from seeing that chart, saying,  thought, you know what, I'm going to give that a try. And I sent $10,000 of my own money to a Chinese agricultural bank that I'd never heard of, had no expectation of ever seeing it again, or anything in return. But soon, about two weeks later, I got a credit on this little known exchange called Mt. Gox. And I started trading Bitcoin. And that was fine. And that was nothing really new to me. It was a pretty crappy exchange, I realized immediately.  of the block and I had to get out my old math textbooks. But I actually hand-solved the block, did the secure hash algorithms, did the Merkle trees, did the block headers together, came up with the magic number. And I went, that's pretty cool. As a student scientist, you realize that a lot of scientific breakthroughs are actually building, someone's put together the existing building blocks of other interesting math. And some of that stuff was actually pretty  He just went through the characteristics of money, the store value of account, the value of exchange, and all the sub-characteristics, and then scaled Bitcoin against fiat, against gold, against seashells, against tally sticks. I was like, that was it. I was done. What I thought about Bitcoin was, just like in commodities, there are two ways to look at the future. You can look at the future and say, this is going to happen at some point, but markets don't  anything or disproved anything, but the narrative around Bitcoin was very compelling. And so what began as a punt, just buy some Bitcoin and see what happens, I couldn't have imagined the segue into where we are today. So today, CoinShares is Europe's largest digital asset manager. Amongst other things, we have a series of very successful exchange traded notes that are trying  quite  market maker in our own product. So I think in 2019, we did about $10 billion in turnover, and I think this year we're going to blow that number completely out of the water. So those are really our two big businesses. So it's exchange traded notes and trading. But we do a number of other things too. We have a great golden commodity, golden cryptocurrency index called CGCI.  a proof of concept company that we have up and running and issuance now. We have a big activity with Kameinu. Kameinu is our registered licensed custodian and depository based in the Channel Islands. That's in partnership with Ledger Labs and Nomura, who are the major shareholder there. It's an excellent product. It's a high-quality, robust, strong fiduciary custodian for digital assets. It's going to form a big part of  array of things that we're doing. I sort of could go on, but we're becoming, I think, almost like a boutique investment bank where we're advising, we're trading, we're structuring, and we're listing products. When you think back to the early days of the commodity business, I know that there's a lot of similarities that you see. Maybe talk a little bit about the oil market and kind of what happened in those early days and how that compares to crypto today. It is remarkable how much this rhymes with the past.  and all of a sudden it started to move. And with that, in came Goldman Sachs, in came all the Stanley, Drexel, Burnham, Lambot was around at the time, AIG, the insurance company, and they started to get involved. People started to build big trading companies that were trading merchants, not oil companies, not refiners, but people just started participating in the industry itself. Contracts started to grow, one exchange, two exchanges, three exchanges started to grow.  won the oil market win electronic, so it was no longer a voice and over the counter like a lot of other markets when electronic. But more importantly, this new theme, you started to emerge. Now, the old way of thinking about commodities and what all the people in the, I call, inside baseball section of that 20 year, the first 10 years of the 20 years, everyone talked to each other, everyone looked at the same thing. And they were looking at things like, is there enough oil in this particular arena?  What happened in the late 90s was we and others began to realize that there was a long-term story about commodities in particular crude oil and it was to do with China. China, if you just did the simple math, you know, how many people live in this country now? What is the birth rate? How many people will be living there in 15 years? How many of them are driving cars now? How much gas are their cars going to use? It was very obvious that at the prices crude oil was, you could not  in commodities. It's funny how Paul and I did business way back in the commodity space as well. To see a guy like that, and he is smart, and he's very well-funded, and he's a fabulous trader, to see him come into the crypto space, to me, that just rang a lot of bells back then. Clearly, it was the first precursor to all of the things we've seen in the last six months or so.  wind farms, biodiesel, sin crude, energy saving, electric cars, all of these things kind of spawned from the fact that if oil was still $10 today, none of those things would exist. So not only was it a huge portent for the energy business, but it actually changed technology and energy technology forever.  And let's face it, all of us have been sitting around here for the last decade. And we probably spent half that decade going, is there going to be an ETF? Is there not going to be an ETF? Is there going to be an ETF? It's like just this craziness around whether there's going to be an ETF or not. And again, I think a lot of the people coming in now are just looking at the sort of a little bit of a demise of the dollar, a little bit of loosening of this US dollar hegemony around the world. They're looking at sort of debasement in the fiat money.  and probably some other systems as well. But re-plumbing the financial system is long overdue. And I don't think even the most adventurous people coming to this market, like Michael Saylor, like the Russell Fund that bought a whole bunch of Bitcoin in one slug, and some of the other names you're seeing, they haven't been watching this market 24-7 for 10 years. And I don't think they really, you need to have a gut feel about  driverless banks and distribution. And I think those are going to be the sort of North stars of where we're going in digital assets. I want to talk through these three Ds because it's fascinating to me. I've used different terminology than you have, but I think that they're thematically dead on. Let's start maybe with digitization first. And can you elaborate a little bit on that one? Right. Let's start from the point of what happens in traditional financial systems in a simplified version.  But the vast majority of them are either native coins or some sort of ELC20 tokens that have some sort of utility like a Binance coin, for example. Those are what we really have. We have a smattering of gold that Chad Cascarelli, myself, and a few others have put out there. We have a smattering of securities that T0 and open markets, and these guys have put out there. You've got a smattering of real estate and Syrrhageous deal and all these other bits and pieces. And you have actually quite a big slug in terms of fiat money, particularly  dramatically the amount of stuff coming in the top of the funnel, but it will be a siren call for lots of other things to be digitized at a much higher rate and much higher volume. That, I think, is where we start in that digitization bucket. I think it's important to say for those who, I don't think there are that many people left, but those who question the usefulness of a digital sovereign currency, the advantages for a central bank  pose negative interest rates, which you cannot do with this cash in circulation. So there are huge advantages for central banks, and that's going to happen. So the digitization bucket will grow. When you think through how the digitization of all assets ends up, then interfacing with this idea of driverless banks, which I've called automated finance in the past, but I think it's very much the same idea. How does that lead to the proliferation of these driverless banks?  Sushi, Uni, Yurn, Synthetics, DYDX, all the big goes and anchorages and curves and so on. And also, there's great platforms like Zarian and Zappify that actually kind of sit on top of all this stuff and can actually report what's going on with all the components. But if you add those companies up,  for proof of stake networks in terms of generating yield. I don't know how they go about getting involved with these other companies. They could buy governance tokens, they could buy equity, they could start stuff themselves, obviously. But if you take those names that I just mentioned, the driverless banking service companies, if you like, and you looked at all of their network value, I can't speak to their equity capitalization, but their network value right now, take a half a dozen and you're probably going to get to $15 billion, add in 85 from coin  When you think through centralization versus decentralization, can we get to a world where all of the infrastructure is decentralized and split on these open protocols, or do we still need centralized entities that are kind of human driven? It's a great question. I mean, it's something I've only been thinking about very recently. I think probably in the first instance, yes, you end up with a centralized. I think it's going to be someone like Coinbase, maybe even us, that puts together, stitches together enough  DeFi companies and picking services from the shelf and just basically integrating them very easily within that wallet, it's actually happening on a decentralized basis. So what is put in place with Metamask is kind of a framework from which you can go pick and mix your banking services from any number of decentralized providers. So actually, I think there is a case for it happening in a decentralized way.  when that stuff starts to get kind of democratized, there's good and bad that comes from that. But I think that that's the world that people aren't quite there yet. Like that's a kind of a second order effect. And so what happens when all of a sudden there's now decentralized electronic trading and you're somehow able to plug into that? Or what about some of these exotic lending mechanisms that are used right now by centralized kind of intelligent people, right? What are you most worried about?  questions. We're definitely too far in one direction right now. I think the new generation, the post-millennial, the GenX, whatever they are, post-millennial generation, really don't think like that, want to think like that, want to be helped from themselves. If you think about how in the post-world financial crisis regulation stiffened,  What I'm saying is that there's kind of this unholy alliance between the regulators within the regulatory perimeter and the huge banks within the regulatory perimeter. And the banks are like, oh, please don't find me a billion, Mr. Regulator. But they find them anyway, and they pay it because they can pay it. And it just puts up this moat around that business where very few companies can afford to trade because you can't make that kind of mistake as a small company or a medium-sized company.  and they made that move. But I don't think the Wall Street Bets community is smart enough to fight Steve Cohen at 0.73. I'm sorry. I think they're going, they might win a skirmish, they might win a battle, but they're going to lose the war. It's that simple. So that's the other extreme. That's ultimate democracy where people are just going absolutely nuts on the internet. And it didn't last very long. But there's a middle ground there somewhere.  moving that knowledge along, they only just got their heads around Bitcoin. Some sort of DeFi swap on a token versus an index is just way beyond their thinking right now. And what we need to do more of as coin shares and what we're going to do in our leadership role in this industry is where there are gray areas, we're going to exercise our judgment. We are fit and proper people. We are going to innovate. We are going to create new properties.  try and blaze this trail where we actually form new rules and rules that respect the independence and the authority of the individual a little bit more, while still respecting the risk management for those people that would not otherwise be comfortable. Absolutely. The third D is distribution. So you have kind of digitization, you have driverless banks, and you have distribution. Elaborate on the distribution side. Okay. So the distribution, and again, going back to the old system as a parallel, this is really about who  it's actually my friend Charlie McGurr at blockchain.com who I'll credit this statement, who's going to own the endpoints. And the endpoints are fascinating. If you look at what happened in retail, I used to go to shops, you go to the shoe shop, I go to the cheese shop, I go to the camping store, and now I just go to Amazon because Amazon owned me as a client. And Amazon is the endpoint for retail. So once they own you, it's actually behooving the producers  to bootstrap an ecosystem of endpoints like that. Probably not, in my view. Let's look at some native blockchain wallet people. My great friends, glad to see Peter Smith at blockchain.com, very successful raised from some very high quality investors and blockchain.com have. And I've followed those guys since they had 50,000 wallets. They've now got 80 million wallets. And it's not been an explosion. It's been an awesome  one is the Facebook, Libra, Calibra, DM project. And let's just do the math here. With 1.5 million unique wallet operations in a given day versus 1.8 billion unique user operations on their platform, if they put a digital wallet on your Facebook or your Insta or whatever it is, or three of them, what's happened as well, you could see the endpoint architecture of crypto blow up by  or with some human intervention and it ends up in your wallet. And the only final point I think about there is these new concepts of sort of individual domains. So I own dannymasters.ef and what's happening is that these domain endpoints are now becoming integrated with individual blockchains. So I can send my eef to my own address but I could also send other stuff to my address. And if those endpoints  is like the ultimate vision, right? It is a decentralized digital currency that is then being whipped around in decentralized financial applications. And it's all done in an automated digital open protocol system that essentially says, you know, fuck the banks, fuck the legacy system. We are going to take all the great ideas you've had and the monopoly on profits that you've had. And we are going to bust open the wall and we're going to provide this to people around the world  Yeah, and again, we know the direction of travel, we know the direction that we want to go down that path. And then it becomes a little bit tactical. So a good example of how this becomes sort of a tactical battle is, for some reason, there is a big, bright dividing line between custodial services and non-custodial services.  are  And that's so, we've actually privately invested, not as corporately, but some of our partners privately in the Keep Network recently. And the Keep Network is early stage and it's not huge, but it's moving into that sort of automated wrapping service where I can now get cross-chain operability from Bitcoin to a wrapped Bitcoin on the Ethereum network without anybody else holding those keys and saying non-custodial function.  They're not coming along fast enough. I don't think they really understand it and it's happening anyway. So I want to participate. Makes a ton of sense to me. Before I let you guys ask everyone the same three questions, you'll get a chance to ask me one to finish up. The first is, what is the most important book that you've ever read? I wish you'd give me a little notice here, so I'm going to have to think. I think there's a family  Nicky's JP Morgan, which was actually a very nice gift. But there was a book by Albert Vance called Portfolio Management Theories. And all those books I read around trading had the biggest impact on me, because unfortunately, it's Albert Vince, I think. And unfortunately, I think that book's now out of print. But what he does mathematically by studying what's called the parimutuel betting system, which is a system of betting where there were 10 horses in a race, and the odds  and will manipulate the odds of that favorite and therefore the return that you get to the point where in the long run, if you run that trial many, many times, you can't win. But if you can find out what it is that people don't want to bet on, then you do. And I think if there was one thing that guided my commodities career, it was that. And actually, many people have asked me a question about Bitcoin, which I answer the same way. They say, what's the terminal price?  But after I started sleeping on the bed, you can make it as hot or cold as you want. I sleep on an ice cube and now I sleep like eight or nine hours and I'm much more pleasant. What's your sleep schedule and how has that changed over the years? I think as a risk taker, which I've always been, whether it's starting a crazy business in crypto or just some crazy bets I've had on this, that and the other,  obviously your friends and family will be investors. I actually refuse friends and family towards the end of my career because it just makes the stress of investing even greater. What I found with all my sleep pattern was determined by stress. I used to get stressed about the stress. If I couldn't sleep at three o'clock in the morning, I would get even more stressed and I couldn't sleep even more. You know what? I kind of slayed that dragon. What I do now