 All right, all right, all right. I think we are getting live right now. And we are being redirected to YouTube. So we should be live here right now. Eden, how are you doing? Pretty good, how are you? I got no complaints, man. As people come in here, we're going to quickly figure out  So, I'm going to go ahead and do a little bit of a quick review of what we're doing here. So, I'm going to go ahead and do a little bit of a quick review of what we're doing here. So, I'm going to go ahead and do a little bit of a quick review of what we're doing here. So, I'm going to go ahead and do a little bit of a quick review of what we're doing here.  And they went through all kinds of remarkable stories and terrible suffering. And then when I was growing up in South Africa, many of them were members of the ANC, which was the, it's basically Nelson Mandela's eventually a political party fighting for freedom in South Africa. And because they were associated with the ANC, they were at some point declared  and not long after I became a gold smuggler because my mother started buying Kruger rands and sewing them into my clothes and sending me a loan overseas because they wouldn't search the little kids in the Unsnuts Airport and we needed to get money out of South Africa to our family. So sometimes I joke that I've been a Bitcoiner for 30 years.  the world's gold at the time. And that's what South Africa was famous for. And the South African government minted a gold coin called the Kruger End, which is one ounce of gold. And then traded and substantially more than the value of one ounce of gold because it was so rare, because you couldn't get them out of South Africa. And so what my parents decided to do was they bought a bunch of Kruger Ends. And then what they would do is when it was winter,  The first day of winter I went to school and I put my hands into my pockets and I was like, uh-oh. Because I realized that I was at school sitting on a whole stash of Kruger Ranczt with for them to take out of their jacket. So I had to spend the whole day at school being very careful not to lose my gold coins. So yeah, so I come from a family that's always been extremely politically active. We have in one way or another been on the  focus was on neural networks and using basically machine learning to try and create better diagnostics. And so I was reading a lot of papers in network science and one of the papers that I came across in early 2011, I think it must have been around now like February 2011, was the Satoshi White Paper. And I remember I had, you know, freezing Pittsburgh day February and I had my coffee and I spilled my coffee with all of my laptop.  I've been in it ever since. So after you sent that email, what was the first thing that you did? Did you know that you wanted to go and buy a bunch? Did you want to work on it? What was the next couple of things that you did? Well, I was very poor at the time because I had started the startup and put all my money into the startup. I had about $230 in the bank and I was still trying to figure out how I can get Bitcoin. I was trying to figure out how you wire $230 to Mt. Gox without,  Midwestern housewife. We had hundreds of millions of customers around the world shortly after I joined. And so I was with that company for several years all through the IPO. I helped turn Zynga into one of the first companies in the world to accept Bitcoin as a means of payment. And then when I left Zynga, I helped set up an organization  into the global settlement mechanism and replace Swift. So kind of like ripple without the shit coin. And our customers included Barclays, Fairbank, BBVA, CBA. We had seven out of the 10 largest banks in the world as our customers in 2014, 2015, but they were terrified by the, like the innovation departments loved it. The actual board of directors usually wouldn't approve it.  extraordinary profit because we basically could go to our customers and say, we will do free remittance for you. And we were buying Bitcoin in Europe or the UK and sending it to Thailand, Brazil, Zimbabwe, Nigeria, where it was trading at a 5%, 10%, 15%, 25% premium. And so we were making on every single transfer, sometimes 15%, sometimes more. And we were using our customers funds as basically free  So, yeah, after that, I was done with the fiat world. I haven't been in fiat ever since.  as decentralized versions? And then kind of how do you evaluate where we are today outside of what you're building? Right. I think that's a great question. You know, for me, the magic of Bitcoin, yeah, I didn't get into Bitcoin because I wanted to get wealthy. I got into Bitcoin because I wanted to improve the world. Specifically, I thought it was important for people not to be enslaved to a financial system where they can  So it gets adoption. And the frustrating thing throughout the years, and I think this is, I think back to the conversations I was having in the pre, let's call it 2015 with Bitcoiners, everyone was sure that we were going to have decentralized exchanges, decentralized lending, basically all of the financial services  who loses the very properties that it has that made people want it in the first place. What I think happened over time is people discovered that it's difficult to decentralize Bitcoin in a responsible way. It was easier to start building decentralized projects on Ethereum and other services. And then over the last few years, we've seen the explosion of DeFi.  And so I think the thing that we need to give credit to Ethereum for is reawakening the interest among Bitcoiners in creating this decentralized finance, giving us the feeling that it is now within our graphs. And in conversations that I started having earlier in last year and particularly after the pandemic hit,  going to have to have a financial system based on Bitcoin. The way you do that is by having a decentralized financial system. Retaining your control over your keys can only be done in a decentralized financial system and having permissionless innovation in finance can only be done in a decentralized financial system. So I think if we want to see Bitcoin achieve its full potential, it has to have a cloud of decentralized financial services around it.  is just gonna up and up and up. The cost of healthcare has just gone up and up and up. But at the same time, the cost of computers has gone down. The cost of services that are provided digitally has gone down. Google is free. Facebook is free. Why that weird bifurcation? And I think the reason is that industries have permissionless innovation. In other words, anyone can become a competitor. Anyone can challenge the incumbents. And some industries are so protected by regulation  to figure out how to provide us with a fully digital experience. And most recently with the whole Wall Street's bets saga, we saw that when somebody actually does create a model which may compete with them, right, it allows people to, you know, try something like shorting, you know, squeezing the hedge funds. The regulators in concert with the large financial institutions can basically  for things that we want with money. We all manage the security of our futures and our family's futures with our finances. We basically express ourselves and our deepest desires and needs in the way that we manage our finances more than any other thing that we do. And so if there's one place that we need to be free, one place that if we're not free, they can really squeeze us, it's our finances. And that's why permissionless innovation in finance is probably  contract platforms. How do you break down that framework? How do you evaluate what is most likely to work? And then we can, after we go through that, get into exactly what you're building, but just walk us through kind of philosophically or theoretically how those two different worlds, is it a zero sum game? One wins, one doesn't. Is it coexistence? How do you view this? Yeah, I think maybe I'll start with the end, whether or not it's a zero sum game. I think that's a very dangerous approach for us to take  where we literally are in control. So all of the established powers of the world are already against us. And I think it's going to take all of our concerted efforts to be able to achieve our goal. So I don't want to create situations, I don't think it's good that we create situations where there's an opportunity for divide and conquer of ours. That said, I think for us to come together, we should come together  up or why the price of Ethereum is going up or whatever, right? But we know why they're going up. It's because the price of Bitcoin is going up. It's the center of gravity. And if it goes down, everything else will go down as well. So now to the first part of your question, right? So, okay, so where do we build Ethereum? Do we try and build it on other systems? I think that if you look at what's happening with B5,  DeFi systems, but you can't use DeFi. So if we want to build DeFi for Bitcoin, it has to be built in a Bitcoin native way. It has to be built on the Bitcoin ecosystem, secured by the Bitcoin miners. And the way that you use this Bitcoin should be as trustless as possible. And for that, I think we need to use Bitcoin Layer 2 solutions. And that's why I got so interested in Subram, which is a forum DeFi  a need to come together. One of the initiatives that I was involved in was an initiative called Block 19 and the idea was to try and get masks to people around the world who didn't have them and we were going to take Bitcoin and we took Bitcoin donations to make it happen. And because we're taking the donations of Bitcoin we wanted to build this in a way which was going to be Bitcoin native and as a result we built part of the system  we're going to have to do it ourselves. And so around June of last year, we stopped working on trying to see how far we could take the rootstock system, which is a system which has smart contracts, but is merge-minded at the point. And so it extends the capabilities of equating to the smart contract in space. And then when it sort of like gives, gives the capability of Ethereum. Explain that process real quick. Explain merge mining for those that don't understand it in terms  But if, so what you do is you create the system where it will allow you to be looking for the Bitcoin hash. And at the same time that you're generating those hashes, it could turn out that one of the other hashes is sort of like lottery tickets for a block to a separate chain. And so you have the ability to create a separate chain, which has different properties. In this case,  basically adding to the majority budget of Bitcoin. Got it. And so talk through a little bit in terms of how sovereign is specifically leveraging this idea of merge mining and the smart contract capabilities. Right. So sovereign is built to be merged in this way and to have smart contracts, which basically allow you to have a system which provides you with the same functionality  is it has the ability for you to trade. So for example, to trade against stablecoins like USB stablecoins. It has the ability for you to convert Bitcoin into a Bitcoin-backed stablecoin. So you can hold into your Bitcoin, but get liquidity in dollars. So you don't have to sell Bitcoin just spending dollars. It has the ability to have a leverage trading currently up to about up to 5x leverage, although that's going to increase. And it has  and provides lending and trading services, which, but in an alternative environment, we don't have to give up your control. What we weren't anticipating was how much excitement. We thought that maybe no one had built this because nobody cared, and it would end up being a niche product for people like us. What we didn't anticipate was how many people would care, how many people would be like, yes, this is what I've been waiting for. How many people shared our experience  as the community has grown, so have its ambitions and people are now talking about putting sovereign into the open source operating system of finance for the future. And one of the things that I think I've heard you say is a decentralized version of anything will be larger than the centralized version. Today we have different banks in different countries because they can't be global because the regulations  The more and more of the community are now talking about, well, I mean, this is what we could build. We can build the next layer of Bitcoin, take the asset which recreated the monetary system and recreate the financial system in the same way.  I didn't think it would be secure. I didn't think it would work. And in many ways, maybe I was right, right? Like Ethereum today maybe has the most hyper-inclusive culture of any blockchain tribe, but from a practical perspective, it's become hyper-exclusive. Like only very wealthy people can afford to transact when the transaction fees were like a traded 200, 300 dollars. But at the same time, I was wrong.  created a decentralized money market. The US swap has become the first decentralized exchange to be even the biggest centralized exchanges in terms of value. I think these are not just sustainable. I think they're real important innovations. And I've kind of come to realize that if we want Bitcoin to succeed, we can't ignore these things. We have to be curious about them. In fact, nobody should be more curious  in not exploring the space more and not realizing that there is a huge opportunity here. There used to be, there are a bunch of important memes in the Bitcoin world. One of those memes, your coins, another is hard, right? Another meme is short the bankers, right? Bitcoin. There used to be a really important meme, which was as important as any of those, which was anything,  this, let's walk through some of the products that you have at sovereign. So the exchange is a great example. I am with you that it's nearly impossible to ignore some of the innovations that are happening just from a size and market adoption standpoint. Right. I am very fond of saying my opinion doesn't matter. Neither does anybody else's like the market is the referee. And so when you think of your exchange, walk through what is the difference between, let's say, the sovereign exchange versus Uniswap versus a Coinbase, right? So kind of a centralized  right? Then, then you buy your first Bitcoin and you keep it you keep it on coin. And so you Bitcoin, but you don't really own Bitcoin. And then you become more so sovereign because you withdraw from the exchange, put it onto your hardware wallet, right? I think the stage after that is that you no longer need to use the exchange, the centralized exchange, you can use a decentralized alternative. So it requires a higher level of sophistication, but it provides you with much more control, much more  because they try to introduce more technological innovations all the time, like proof of stake they want to introduce. I don't think that you can compete with a global reserve currency on features, right? That's the wrong way to view it. It's not a technology, it's a special consensus. And I think that the technology, the specific features that you want can be implemented on any chain  across the entire crypto community. The other difference is that Uniswap is designed as a single purpose product, right? It does swaps. And the theory in the theory of ecosystem is that you're building these Legos, right? You're building, you know, Compound is the money market, Uniswap is the swaps, Fulcrum is the leverage trading, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And that's a very compelling idea because it seems extremely  or like with us, I run up and then you like patch them together and put them back ultimately to the core blockchain. If you're doing that, you need to have something which is far more vertically integrated because until our technology improves quite a lot and this will take several years, the easy interoperability between different systems which are not on the same layer one just doesn't exist, it's not there. And right now the Ethereum ecosystem is fracturing  or the Apple of DeFi, right? It just works. The lending just works with the trading, just works with the swaps, et cetera. And the other advantage that this has is that now you don't need to do liquidity mining and a different token for every single service and start creating this ecosystem of never ending sort of token upon token, upon token, upon token, whose value sort of becomes this Ponzi-Nock scheme. When you think through kind of 10 years from now,  or is this full on disruption where if you do not embrace the new system, then you basically are rendered valueless? I mean, the other day, someone asked me, someone was a government organization, but they asked me to send them effects. So old technologies never quite die, just like a shit coin chains never quite died, right? I don't think we're going to see the financial system that we're familiar with.  You know, television, like, no, people don't have like television antennas anymore. They have Netflix. It happens like very, very quickly. A blockbuster goes bankrupt quickly, right? So what I think we're going to do, what I think we're seeing happen now is that Bitcoin is reconfiguring the way currency works, the way central banks work. They're all now trying to figure out  and kind of their importance in the ecosystem. Is that something that is sustainable? Kind of how you see that synthetic asset vertical playing out. Right, I think, you know, there are two roles for synthetic assets. One is to act as sort of like a derivative. So let's say you want to take a long position on oil or a big one, it doesn't matter. You can create a token or representation of, you know, which goes up  presentation of Tesla shares. So I think the first form, right, these derivatives, they're always going to be there. They're sustainable. These synthetic versions, I suspect that over time, just because it's the most secure, most public, most available way of representing any type of financial asset, what we're going to see is we're going to ultimately see all types of equity, all types of bonds, dead instruments, what all migrates to be natively blockchain.  due to our strong emphasis on security. So we've been live since September, but we're only slowly adding the ability for more people to join and for larger and larger transaction sizes. So right now the amount being earned by people lending output is quite low. I think it's about 2.3%. What we expect will happen is that as it opens up and basically, you know,  on BlockFi or Nexo or Celsius are institutional borrowers who are borrowing for carry trade or market making or arbitrage. What they do is they borrow without putting down collateral or putting down relatively small amounts of collateral. In other words, they come to Celsius or they come to BlockFi as a financial institution and they say, look, we have a credit score. We have a reputation, right? So lend us the bitcoin and we will pay you back. Whereas in a decentralized  There's questions about the Oracle problem, specifically kind of third party versus first party. How do you see Oracle's playing into this? How important are they and any thoughts on first, first, third party? Yeah. So with sovereign, we use articles and we use articles to get exogenous prices into the system. In other words, the prices that are happening in the rest of the world so that prices reflected in sovereign are more or more robust.  link articles and it compares them. And if there's a divergence in these prices, it can halt trading automatically. In other words, the protocol itself can pause trading until the prices realign. So it's not a perfect system because you're still relying on other parties and third parties to provide information and because the system can end up being halted. So far we haven't had that happen. But it is  difficult and is at the center of everything and where we put a lot of concentration, which is making sure that the pay, when you're using your Bitcoin on the system, that you can use it trustlessly on the system because these are not transactions that are occurring on Bitcoin main chain, which means that you need to kind of pay, you lock up your Bitcoin on the main chain and now you begin transacting on it in a different chain. So having a truly trustless pay is a technical challenge, which  And that's just having a way for people to take cash directly, like money in your bank account or money in one of the news on the exchange. They always need to find some kind of gateway right now. And so interestingly, it's like the basic things, it's the simple things really on the off-ramps, which are the biggest challenge in where we've been spending some, like probably most of our time. Before I dig into a bunch of these questions that people have,  So right now you'd need to wait to get whitelisted to use the live system, but you can try it out on testnet. So test.sovereign.app. And if you just want to keep updated, you can follow the sovereign community, sort of like a whole bunch of people are tweeting through the same account at sovereign BTC. And so there's a bunch of questions about the token involved. Everyone from why do you need a token to will the token eventually be traded on?  to do something extremely simple which was invented hundreds of years ago. It's basically a way of coordinating the efforts of a large number of people by having them have the ability to vote on the system and to earn the revenues in the system. So in that way it's kind of like decentralized equity in a way, right? The difference is that you have to be an active participant in order to earn the revenue, which you have to actually  same time, you don't have to sue anyone because the system is governed by the code with which it's written and effectively is secured by