 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  I asked myself that a lot too. So I happy to go into it of who I am. I grew up on the East coast Boston area. Pops is a professor at Harvard. My mom is from India and she's a first-generation immigrant. So I grew up in a kind of mixed race, multi-cultural household. Never really knew who I was. Never felt like I kind of fully fit into one bucket or another. And the same was true for my like kind of definition of myself growing up.  we were doing this asking about the home run I gave up. It's in my Twitter bio. So I'll have to get into that story at some point on how far that ball went. But that's kind of the background on my pre-real world experience. Back in 2014, I was fortunate enough to get a job in the investing world at an investment fund right out here in the Bay Area. Generalist firm, we kind of invest all across the GDP, everything from financial services, consumer, healthcare, industrial,  What exactly happened? Yeah, well, it's kind of one of those stories. It's like the reason sports are a metaphor for life. It was like a story of the highest high to the lowest low. So this is back in 2012. We were in the playoffs college baseball playoffs. And so we hosted the regionals, which is like the small intro round to the playoffs in college baseball. I closed the regional championship game. It was like 10,000 fans highlighted my baseball life to date, just an incredible experience.  And so when you think about that, like why did you put in your Twitter bio? Is it just something that you feel like is like a defining moment or kind of like, what's the logic there? Yeah, well, it's a little bit self-deprecating, obviously. It's also, you know, and as people have called me out on, there's a little bit of a flex there of like, you know, I was getting to play in a big game and on TV. And so it's kind of like, you know, I'm like, I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in a big game. I'm not going to play in  could have those type of humbling experiences that I think are important to your development and who you become and how you grow. Like for me, going to Stanford in the first place was a humbling experience. I realized day one, I wasn't that good at baseball and I wasn't that smart. And like, I came from a small high school. I thought I was sick at baseball. I thought I was the coolest guy in the world. I thought I was brilliant and you get there and everyone's way smarter than you and everyone's way more athletic than you. And that moment, those type of things, that's when you really force yourself to grow. Cause you realize like, I'm going to have to put in work.  Yeah, it goes back to my upbringing. Education was always important to my family. I mentioned my father as a professor. My grandfather in India was a chemist, was a professor. And it always struck me, this idea that talent is evenly distributed, opportunity is not. We talk about that a lot. I've seen it all over Twitter. People talk about it. And to me, education is the pathway to fixing that. Education is the path to evenly distributing opportunity.  Why is the market roaring while the economy is in the tank? And it just struck me that all of these concepts around finance, investing, et cetera, have been overcomplicated by the kind of incumbents, the insiders, quote unquote, for way too long. To me, it's not that complicated for the most part. And the insiders have intentionally overcomplicated things in order to keep the outsiders out. There's this whole environment around finance of the insiders wanting to  start to be a part of a solution around this and start to spread information and make people realize that they can do these things on their own, that they can figure these things out. And so I took to Twitter, I had 500 followers at the time when I wrote my first thread, which was this Mr. Federico thread that everyone still talks about, which I find hilarious. But basically I was out on a walk and came back home, sat on the floor of my garage and basically just had this idea of a story I could tell to explain  a digestible, give people the like Toyota, not the Ferrari, for lack of a better way to say it. Yeah. And so when you think through, let's say that we could give financial education to everyone. It was free. It was accessible. They paid attention. They learned the lessons. What's the impact on the market and maybe on their personal wealth once we actually get people educated? So I think a lot of folks here, oh, financial education, they generally think like, yeah, that would be cool if we could do that, but they don't understand how impactful it could be. Yeah. Well, when I think about my own  I learned about mitochondria. I learned about the Ming Dynasty. I learned about Isosceles triangles and the Pythagorean theorem, but I didn't learn about taxes. I didn't learn about investing. I didn't know what the S&P 500 was. I didn't learn about budgeting. I mean, it's just insane that we have this education system in the richest country in the world where we're not educating people on how to take care of themselves for the future, how to build wealth and achieve the goals that they have for the future.  now, if COVID has had one positive impact, it's that technology has had a 10, 15, 20 year accelerating event. And so people are realizing that and realizing the power that technology can hold in improving education. But for me, I think the old like sit in a classroom for eight hours a day as a kid, be forced to wake up super early, so you're not sleeping enough, go read a textbook and then come in and do a problem set. Like that model is dead. It's dying and it's going to be dead. And we need to figure out broadly, whether  and doing it and having to engage in it. And so when I think back on my own educational experience around these things from high school, I remember it being like, you have to fill out some work form around how your budget is. And I remember putting in like, what do you want to be when you grow up? And I said, like professional athlete, I played baseball at the time and it told me my income was going to be $40,000 a year. And I realized I was going to have to eat ramen noodles every night for dinner. And it's just like, that's not realistic. It's not a good way to teach kids what they need to learn about these topics.  I'm a small government guy for the most part, so my bias bleeds into this. I personally believe in capitalism. I believe that the private markets handle innovation much better than the public markets. I think, frankly, that has been proven out throughout the history of our world and of our country. For me, it comes down to the private markets. I think we need to allow innovation to happen. There are a lot of investment funds now that are investing heavily in ed tech. I think it's phenomenal.  For sure. I'm actually an investor in a company that is not yet publicly announced themselves, I don't think. But basically what they've done is they've created a game and they're teaching young kids. It's not so much personal finance or financial education, but it's more problem solving skills and teamwork and things that are just life skills that will apply to every industry. And it's fascinating to watch how impactful it is when it's wrapped as a game versus when it is delivered in the classroom. Totally. And I'm super bullish  virtual world. It's just incredible to think about the potential of these technologies if we continue to invest in them and support them, and if the government doesn't get in the way of allowing these innovations to happen. Absolutely. I know you got a lot of thoughts about accreditation, so do I. Maybe talk through just the accreditation laws, why maybe it actually makes sense to have some sort of barrier to investing, but also what some of the detrimental impacts of the specific laws that we have today are.  in America right now. I mean, the fact that I can like, you know, I can't invest in my buddy's startup. You know, he's starting some company, but I can invest in a triple X levered mortgage ETN on Robinhood, or I can go, you know, like an 18 year old can go lever up and buy a bunch of call options on Robinhood. And, you know, like, just that does not make any sense, right? Like, it's hard to sit down and say that that's a lot  you can make a living for yourself and you can pursue a life of kind of happiness and economic prosperity. We should probably do everything we possibly can to allow that to happen and putting a kind of gate in front of some of the best investments by saying, hey, if you're not wealthy, you're not smart enough to to underwrite this seems like maybe there's a better way. My question back to you is like, what is the better way? If you're given full carte blanche  allowing markets to work and the democratization of all of this stuff. I think like Matt Levine, who's one of my favorite writers on the internet, he writes money stuff for Bloomberg. It's an amazing newsletter if you're not subscribed. He talks about the like, I am stupid letter, which it's very tongue in cheek, but it's a funny idea where you basically have to click and check a box that says, I understand this is a risky investment and I'm likely to lose all of my money on it. And you acknowledge it, you read it, you acknowledge it and then  survival and fittest in some sense, where I don't think the government's role is to be out there trying to protect people in a weird, you know, non-standardized way by placing accreditation in front of certain asset classes and not in front of others. Yeah. I think Europe has something where it's basically you can say, Hey, I'm educated and therefore I'm willing to take much more risk. And basically there's no protections, you know, go wild, you're a cowboy, but you said that you were educated and so it's your fault, you know, if, if you mess up.  would be the ones that would be most kind of materially impacted. How would that change the private market? Would a bunch of dumb ideas go get funded? Would just the returns get more distributed across kind of the investor base? How do you think the private market changes with the democratization of that market? Personally, I think democratization leads to more efficient markets. You have everyone able to participate. And so the supply and demand sides of these markets become more efficient broadly. Again, I'm a free market guy.  risk tolerance around it. But it just doesn't make sense fundamentally that like, we're not going to put that in front of a call option on GameStop, but we are going to put it in front of an investment in their friend's restaurant startup. It just doesn't make sense. And there are platforms now that are doing this already, right? Like Fundrise allows you to invest in real estate as an asset class, which was previously only for accredited investors. AngelList, I think, is making progress on this for non-accredited investors.  that everyone is going to take advantage and work as hard as they need to and go after things the way they need to to become extraordinarily wealthy. But it does give everyone the opportunity to do that. And again, back to the point of opportunity being evenly distributed, that's what the end goal should be for society in my view. And so this all gets to that. Once people are educated, once the laws change, and there's kind of this democratized access, then we've got to do a good job of educating people on how to be a good investor.  And they don't need to be investing problems. You can use mental models for anything that's in your life, you know, relationships, whatever it might be. But I think mental models are important because they allow you to simplify and solve complex problems that you're encountering. So first principles is one of my favorite mental models. You hear about it a lot, read about it a lot. No one really understands it from what I found. I wrote a thread on it that was really popular because I think a lot of people hear first principles  in a real truth that you've proven. So like Elon Musk is the best example of this with SpaceX and people have talked about this in the past, it was written about in his book. Rockets were really expensive and that was a huge issue for him creating this future where you could go to Mars and create a society on Mars. And so he grounded his solution to that problem in first principles. He went and looked at what were the material costs of making a rocket and found out that actually the individual  that was all based in this idea of first principles thinking. Second order thinking is the other big one for me that I think about a lot. It's just this idea of thinking deeper, going beyond the first order effects of something. It's very easy to see the rock hit the pond and the first little ripple or splash that comes from it. It's much more difficult to think through, okay, what happens after that? And then what? And then what? And how does that all play out? COVID was a great example of that and how that played into our world.  And here we are. But that's kind of this idea of like, think deeper, go beyond just the surface level discussion and the surface level thinking that exists and think a bit deeper. So, you know, there's hundreds of mental models. Farnham Street does a great job. Shane Parrish over there does an incredible job laying a lot of this out. I've seen James Clear talking about these things online. There's a bunch of resources. I write threads on some of this stuff, but it's really important and you'll start seeing the world differently.  And one thing I try to do with all of my writing is at the end of it, talk about how you can actually implement it into your kind of daily life, whether it's investing or your business, whatever it might be. The first step is definitely understanding what it is. I find personally, and you should tell me if you don't, I personally find that when I've learned something new, I am prone to see it in action in the real world, whatever it might be. And so for me, when I first read about first principles, I found myself taking forever  It's basically, you know, it's no different than learning a new skill. You learn how to swing a golf club and then you want to go practice it a couple of times and now you're better at swinging it or baseball or sports, whatever it might be. It's the same way with anything mental, any decision-making frameworks. You need to put them into action in order to realize the benefits. For sure. What lessons from sports did you learn to kind of implement as an investor or specific things you took from the sports career? Yeah, a lot. I mean, embracing failure is the number one, right?  for me is like those failures you need to learn to embrace and even seek out. I think if you do this for a living with the podcast, but you interview a hundred incredible people who have achieved amazing successes in their life, they will all, when you ask them to point to transformative moments in their life, point to failures. No one points to, oh, I won this great award. And then that was such a great moment in my life. And now look where I am. I've made it. They all point to some point  when you're growing up to just experience that, feel that disappointment and let it kind of charge you for that next round of growth. Yeah, that's a great answer. Before we go into the rapid fire questions to wrap up, I want to talk about one very, very big topic that's going to take us a few minutes. Audience building, community building, you've done a fantastic job, probably one of the best people on Twitter recently. What are the lessons you've learned there and what are the tips that you have for other people in terms of how to  create great product and then hustle for distribution, especially when you're starting out. And so you cannot forget that first piece. I think there are a ton of people that are churning out content and just, you see them posting it everywhere and they're posting every day and they'd be much better off focusing on making sure the product is truly valuable and great. And the product in the case of content is what are you writing? Like on Twitter, what are the threads? What are the tweets? How are they creating value for the people that you're putting them out to? Because at the end of the day,  underneath one of his tweets. And is it a little bit shameless? Sure. But I had 500 followers at the time and my thread, which I knew was very good, would have gotten a thousand impressions had I not done that. And as a result, it got shared much more widely and people were able to see what I was creating. So that's number one. Number two, I think there are a few kind of hacks, quote unquote, to it beyond spending a lot of time and creating great content. Personally, I think content loops are one of the most  to my thread that I did on call options or my thread that I did on short squeezes months ago and keep people within this content ecosystem of the saho bloom educational world. That's really powerful. It builds affinity. It builds a base. It's a moat. When you just think about a business moat because no one can just go overnight, have that repository of 90 plus threads, all the 50,000 words, whatever it might be that I've created. No one can just do that overnight. It's been built up through sheer  about what I post. And so engage with people, respond to them when they send you a DM or do your best to respond to comments, reply to things thoughtfully. If you take the time to do that, people are much more invested in what you're creating. And I think that's a powerful thing. I know that this stuff takes a really long time. I see my brother do it almost on a daily basis. Literally, it can take hours to put one of these threads together. What's your exact process in terms of how do you come up with the idea  that I've read on it, websites, etc. Then I'll draft, lay out a thread that probably takes me another hour and a half, two hours, and then I edit down a lot. The whole point to these threads for me is make it look like it was effortless, but the reality is it was effortful. You've seen this with your brother. It's hours and hours of work to write well and to write clearly. For me, that's all about creating content that is  really deeply before having to research and that shortens the time. But I really put a lot of effort into it. It's not like I press play and there's all these threads that just spew out of my mouth onto the paper. It's a process that's intentionally, it's intended to look like it's effortless, but the reality is there's a ton of work that goes on behind the scenes. And yeah, like David Perrell has been a big inspiration around that. He's written a lot about that content creation process.  generally like getting to 200 retweets in the first hour is usually a pretty good indication. Um, I normally post like early in the morning, like six 30 Pacific times, six 30 or seven Pacific time. Um, and I always find that there's this like late surge, um, overnight Pacific time when I think it's like when my Indian followers wake up, um, or, or something, or like are in the middle of their day and seeing it, because there's always this big surge overnight. Um, but generally speaking, I find that like in the first hour,  So for me, it's been like, you know, really just long-term compounding, plotting away, putting out what I think is high quality content on a daily, weekly basis. Yeah. Is there anything that you've learned from the process that has been most surprising to you? Whether it's, you know, somebody you met, something about the actual process, just like what's been the most surprising thing? I think the most surprising has been the incredible power of  people that I have access to. Frankly, at the beginning of me posting in May on Twitter, the idea of sitting here and having a conversation with you would have been absurd to me if you had told me that that was possible. Raoul Paul, the real vision who's become a close friend of mine, I would have died for him to just like one of my tweets in July or August. Now I get to work with the guy and he's a friend. That's just amazing to me. This idea of what social media and these social networks  But before I do that, there's one question that's very important. If you're pitching and my brother Joe's hitting, are you striking him out or is he hitting a grand slam? I'm definitely striking him out. I don't know anything about his baseball. I could walk out there right now and strike him out. I'm sorry, Joe. My arm might fall off doing it, but I'm definitely striking you out. Now I asked him before this the exact same question. And you know what his response was? I bet he said he was going to strike out. No, he said he was going to strike out.  Yeah. He, uh, he wrote a great book about being anti-fragile. He somehow became fragile though, I think, cause he started blocking people. There's a real, there's an irony there. Yeah. I don't know what's going on, but, uh, hey, teach their own as long as he's happy, good for him. Uh, second question is about sleep comes from our friends over at eight sleep. I sleep on their thermo regulated bed, uh, and civic a baby now, but I used to be like a six hour sleeper. Uh, what is your sleep schedule and do you use any products when you go to sleep and how's that evolved?  I'm training hard, I'll take like ZMA or some form of magnesium before