 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  crypto, blockchain, Ethereum, et cetera. Yeah, totally. I think I've been in this space now roughly in general, building things in blockchain over four and a half years and pretty much kind of like smart project based applications, credit to finance. And before that, actually, I was in the legal industries and also I started to study law before that. So I'm kind of a by-education lawyer.  programming there when I was quite young. And yeah, some of the applications were quite interesting, actually. It was more related to financing app developers who releases applications in, let's say, App Store or Google Play. And constantly, with FinTech, I run into regulation. I was quite young, 18, 19, back then, and that kind of got me to study law. I just wanted to understand, like, how, you know, the rules of business and rules of regulation work.  public blockchain ledger, it executes exactly how it's programmed. And this is, for example, how Bitcoin works. If you send transactions from one address to another and you have the right, practically, instructions, it cannot go to anywhere else. And this is just a simple example of what may be inspired to come and build financial applications. And I started with Ethereum because it was more kind of like an open system where  and see them to grow. And that's how simple it is. So traditionally when we look at cryptocurrencies and digital assets, we usually hold the market exposure. So it's kind of like we believe in the technology, we believe in the culture, and we believe that there is some future of the asset that we are holding, whether it's Bitcoin, Ethereum, or Avio, or some other asset that is in a cryptographic form. And what's interesting here is  in which you might be in long position, but at the same time you can borrow so-called stable points, which are USD-paved currencies that you could use in decentralized finance, for example. Got it. And so when you think through this, the idea of decentralization versus the centralized entities, talk me through the framework, right? Because the actual product experience or the product functionality that you're building  use and whatnot. And what there is interesting is that it definitely allows flexibility. For example, you can get these loans against crypto collateral, for example, fiat currencies. But what's beneficial in DeFi is that practically because everything is on smart projects, you kind of see all the transactions there and you can see also exposure there. So when a user or anyone is looking at the Aave protocol, you actually see  it there or then you have some sort of like a governance model which is token-based and the community governs how those rules can be changed. What's surprising is that actually even centralized lenders are using DeFi in the back end so they're also connected to the liquidity. So liquidity doesn't actually look at whether it's in centralized finance or decentralized finance it just finds its way where there's arbitrage and centralized finance has different kinds of risk than decentralized finance.  just serving as one protocol. There's then kind of other key components of infrastructure that applications will be built on top of. And then there's the actual applications themselves that have kind of built on top of a protocol and they're kind of the interface, if you will, or the user experience to the user. How do you think of Aave and kind of where it fits in that technology stack in the decentralized world? Yeah, I think kind of like, I thought we definitely have this  good in the sense and that is kind of like how we went to the market when we launched the protocol last year. But we also kind of have always had the focus for the past years, whatever we have built that we actually want to get touch in the end users. So everyone else was trying to solve in 2018, 2019 and 17 even kind of like let's build a protocol that some other protocol will use and kind of  Most of the liquidity comes from other places. I mean, there's over 100 different integrations and products built on top of Aave. But we are very proud that we also kind of like focus on the user experience and try to get all the way to the end user as well. So it's kind of weird doing two things at the same time, but it makes sense as well. Talk a little bit about kind of the governance mechanisms that you have. Talk a little bit about kind of the token versus the protocol  that should be immutable code, which I kind of agree because in the sense, you want to have this certainty and use the blockchain power and kind of like the immutability. But at the same time, I understand that when you deploy something, you might want to fix some sort of bugs or you might want to improve the protocol because innovation is something that constantly evolves. And I think whenever you deploy code, it means that your code, because it's public,  parameters. For example, our risk parameters in the protocol might be how much you can borrow against from Bitcoin or Ethereum, what kind of assets could be listed into the protocol. And this is kind of like what the governance decides and all the token holders in the process. And this is quite interesting because they are actually controlling a protocol now that has roughly over 6 billion worth of balance  centralized entity would essentially build a product, they would have users come in, they would have that revenue generation from the users. And then decentralized entity has a centralized P&L and that's where kind of all of the profits would reside, right? When it comes to these decentralized entities, in many cases, it's going into a pool and it's either being distributed on kind of a pro-rata basis of ownership of the tokens, or there's some sort of voting mechanism as to what to do with those funds. How exactly does  What could be the reserve factor, which means what is the amount of interest generated to the depositors is set aside actually to the ARB Treasury. And currently it started to accumulate in the version Q launch, which was during mid of December. And actually those funds are sitting in that Treasury, now Treasury. So only the ARB token holders can decide what to do with the Treasury. But the cool part is that  and  the truth is that not everyone wants to actually be part of participating actively. So you could actually delegate your voting power to someone else, so-called protocol politician. And separately, you could actually delegate your proposition power to that developer that could create those proposals and put them into the blockchain, practically a piece of code. And the protocol politicians will vote on those proposals, whether whatever is kind of like their agenda and your  you thought of the design of the token specifically? Yeah, definitely you can do it without a token. And practically, you have some cons there. And one of the things is, for example, when we, and I will go into a sort of, tell an example why your token is also important in the kind of like backstopping the protocol, but you could actually deploy the very same code and then put it on chain. But the thing is that if you need to change the code and all the other liquidity that is there,  innovating in the find someone else comes and continues that innovation, which practically means that that other community has more innovation, kind of like an influence and might get better network effects. But in terms of like the governance token that we have, in essence, the Avid token holders, they are practically making risk-based decisions all the time. And that means that if you they're voting for listing new assets that could be used as a platform, they're voting for risk parameters, for example,  to a deficit in the protocol. In that case, up to 30% of that stake can be smashed and comfort the protocol. And this is kind of like something that was very important to add because we were thinking during the beginning of 2020 that what's the most important thing to us and to get the protocol to scale. And that's practically the deposits and the quality. And how to get the liquidity is that we have to provide as safe as possible protocol for the depositors  And so when you think through kind of how this has grown so far, what are some of the high level statistics, right? Just in terms of market adoption? Because one of the things that I think is really important conversation is there's a lot of tribalism. There's a lot of just kind of kind of religiousness in crypto, whether that's good or bad. I'll leave that debate to other people. But the one thing that is very clear is that in many cases, we can just see what the market is adopting. And so when whether it's on chain data, whether it's companies revealing  We have this so-called flash loan functionality, which means that you could borrow from the protocol without a collateral for one block, one Ethereum block. It works in a way that you can do in one block many transactions, but then you need to settle in that block, which practically means that you can borrow from our web with a collateral, buy an asset in Exchange 1 and sell an asset in Decent Plus Exchange 2, and then return the kind of like a flash loan.  2 billion worth of flannels. That shows how intense the growth is. I also like to emphasize the interest rates because that also tells what kind of liquidity crisis there. Just crisis, not prices, but punch. There is an arbor because apparently the yields are at 8%, 9% past 30 days, which practically means that there's not enough liquidity  moves, they just strengthen the narrative of what blockchain, what cryptocurrency is, what Bitcoin is, and eventually it expands the idea that actually you find opportunities not only in traditional finance, but in this completely, for them it's new world. For us, it's like we've been here for a while and trying to spread the message.  interface with them that's in a kind of a win-win or mutually beneficial manner. Yeah, I think in ideal world, practical, you know, traditional finance and decentralized finance, they pretty much need to work together in the sense, I think there's been kind of like many years that we have been doing best-built things. We have a different kind of terminology. We have a different kind of culture. We have a very strong meme culture. That's the kind of like, that's what  is maybe what I actually keep my eye on. And the reason that it's moving so fast is pretty much because the technology is open source and anyone can contribute. And that practically means that there's no competitive modes. We all are there in the final war zone in a good way. We look at what others are doing. We try to improve our protocol. And if you look at, the only thing that matters is this constant innovation and how your team  So why is it unique to contribute as well? And this is what happens, has happened in Linux work because it's not anymore in Linux that there's two and a half thousand contributors contributing for every release. But a big part of those contributors are actually people working in bigger companies and contributing to Linux because it's mission critical software. And I think it looks like in each period also a traditional finance and banks are also contributing into these open source protocols. And that's good for them as well.  building this and then kind of how you think about, even though it's decentralized, you know, kind of by nomenclature, you still have licenses. And so does that mean that all of DeFi will eventually kind of have regulations around it or just how you think through that? Yeah, so practically what we have, so there's two things. There's the decentralized protocol that is running autonomously on the Ethereum blockchain and it's governed by the token holder community. But also we basically have an entity that is responsible  euros into stable points and then interest bearing stable points and get the DeFi exposure. But in terms of like regulation, these are two different things. And kind of like it boils down to this bigger discussion, like how to regulate protocols. Because if you think about it, so Bitcoin is a protocol, Ethereum is a protocol, and DeFi, decentralized DeFi protocols, they're all financial protocols in one way or another. And they have some inflation, which is  is actually the ports that provides the access to the ocean. And that's the exchanges of the world and the front ends that take custody of the user funds. And I actually believe this might be actually happening is that the biggest ports will be those centralized participants that are having now, let's say, centralized exchanges or centralized lending services. And I think those will be the gateways to DeFi.  Bitcoin network. So what's interesting about Bitcoin is that you have this network that uses the most sound and kind of like a security metric to ensure the store of value. So practically, it's very difficult to break that protocol because of the consensus mechanism and you're using electricity to kind of secure the network. And that's very good in terms of like storing of value. And when we look at, for example, what's  same level of security, which practically means that the network gets congested and everyone is paying the same price, which is actually the high price. So now the question is that how we solve the scalability, so how we can apply the security where you need it more and apply less security where you actually don't need it that much. This is where the discussions of later choose come in. So for example, if you have site change on Ethereum that you  design, the gamification. There's so many things that they've done really well that make it dead simple for users to use those kind of fintech platforms. DeFi, Bitcoin, Ethereum, and kind of all of the products, they don't have a lot of that same kind of design superiority, if you will. Is that going to change? How will it change? What is needed to kind of drive that change? Just kind of talk a little bit about, you know, what's going to happen from a user experience and user interface standpoint.  assets in your wallet. I think, and same if you want to swap tokens, there's very easy way to do it in, for example, in Balancer and so forth. But the kind of challenge is like, how do you enter into space when you are not like, crypto native? But for crypto native people, like you and me, it's just like, it's that simple, right? But then when I go to someone else, to a friend that isn't in the ecosystem, like how they will understand and how they understand to store their keys. And I think it's  to prove the kind of like user experience is because those applications were invented to basically fix the user experience the same way as financial technology, FinTech is invented to improve the normal banking experience. And what DeFi was invented and let's say Ethereum Bitcoin was invented actually to fix the backend completely. So the approach is completely different. Like we came here to fix like what actually is very legacy system  Talk to me about the future of DeFi. Is it the dominant financial system? Is everything decentralized? It's all open protocols and users are using it. And kind of the centralized system is completely forgotten and they've had a transition to the DeFi world. Is it a coexistence? What does that world look like? And kind of how do you just think about the future of DeFi, 20, 25 years out? I think what will happen is that DeFi will be quite big.  vertically in the main chain. And most of the financial transactions might happen in a trust network. So let's say if you have circle, you have revolute, you know, they could interact between each other by using the blockchain. But also if they have a trust network and they have funds in Bitcoin and video, they could also decide between each other that, hey, we trust each other. So let's just move database numbers and save some transaction costs. And we both have  tokens are actually getting USD nominated yield. So they actually have access to stable currency, USD nominated, and that increases in balance. And that's quite a cool thing, especially in places where you have local currency that sucks completely and has this kind of huge inflation. And I think it's it's really empowered by a lot of people. And I think we're doing very well in the deposit side.  things than finance. And I hope we can empower it to some extent. Absolutely. What do you think is the other interesting projects in the space? I know you've done a ton of angel investing and you probably can't name all of them that you think are interesting, but just two or three that off the top of your head you find fascinating, valuable and worth paying attention to. I love the project. It's called Paris Wap. So it's a project what they're doing is they're, I mean, they file what it is.  make exchange assets without getting this slippage. So this is like a very powerful thing because it actually like pulls all the liquidity into one source and you can integrate that into whatever you're building if you want to access DeFi liquidity. And I think the interesting part is that they do it in a very gas efficient way. So that's something that they're very proud of.  that what, you know, if they're depositing into all of it, they're kind of like trying to quantify what's their risk, how they can hedge their risk. And that is why like insurance plays quite big role in space. So those two things are for me, something that has been progressing recently quite fairly well. Absolutely. Before we finish up, I ask everyone the same three questions. The first is,  how it has been part of almost everything that's happening in this space. It doesn't just tell about cotton, but it also tells about instrument in general. Let's say cotton is just a community, and in one way we see the currencies as a community or whatever we're creating, and how it plays a little importance in our culture. I think that was one of the important books. I don't read much. I have to say,  and they've built an awesome product suite, including this thermoregulated bed, which basically allows you to make it hot or cold. I sleep super cold and absolutely love the product and have gotten much, much better sleep because of it. What's your sleep schedule and kind of how's that evolved over the years? Yeah, so I have to say that sleep is the most important thing for me. So if I can't get enough sleep, my performance is going to be very, very weak.  And this is something that is very difficult. So I think sleep is the most important thing you need to have. And if you sleep well, you can actually have a more healthy diet as well because your body is working better biologically. So I think that's something. Also, if someone is coming to the EFI, you might say that it's not easy to get some sleep.  other place might take some time. But not to sound too crazy, like crazy person. I mean, there's there is like little value in the profile at the moment. So I would say that I believe what I haven't seen any anyone, anyone that looks suspicious. Absolutely not suspicious. What one question do you have for me to finish up? You could ask me, what do you got for me? Yeah, maybe I would ask you kind of like,  things that I saw in the very, very beginning of DeFi, frankly, just seemed unsustainable to me. And so one of the examples I always use is if you go back to 2010 to 2015, there was a ton of companies in venture that would go when they brag about, look at how fast we're growing, look at how great our growth rate is. And then what you would realize is they weren't actually growing fast on an organic standpoint. They were simply just spending a bunch of money to drive users.  today, right? They're going to go run to the next one and kind of just leave the protocol to do it. Again, that doesn't mean that it's DeFi is not going to work. It just means that like that specific application. Another thing that I've been very kind of critical of is ICOs, right? And so in 2017 and into 2018, I kept telling people like, look, people are going to get in trouble for this stuff. It is the sale of unregistered securities in the United States. I don't think that that's the best thing that people should be doing. Therefore, like, be careful.  Like everyone wants to go debate like what technology stack it gets built on. To me, it's like before we even get into that,