 What's up guys, bang bang. This video is brought to you by PrimeXBT. They are a crypto trading platform that has an excellent award-winning environment for margin trading. If you want to go check out their crypto trading, be sure to check out their copy trading module, which allows you to replicate the trades of the most successful traders with a proven track record. If you're interested, you can register with the link below and you can get a 50% deposit bonus.  James Pyre. I started my career as a scientist. I did a PhD focused on the stem cells in the blood, worked on leukemia, worked on stem cell transplants, then knew that I wanted to get into drug discovery. So switched, consulted for some big pharma companies for a while, launched a VC fund, which was the first VC fund to focus on longevity or to build companies around this long-term  was on hotshot, kind of arrogant, know it all and tried to learn whatever I could about his disease. And I came to this really depressing conclusion, which is that we were treating all the diseases of aging like cancer wrong, that we were waiting for these diseases to happen to us and only then trying to use medicines to unwind them. And that was fundamentally the wrong way to approach these diseases, that we should instead understand them, try to attack them before they appear.  aspects. And so, uh, first let's maybe start with like the nine hallmarks of aging. I know that you guys have done a ton of work of, uh, identifying these and explaining them and kind of elaborating on it, but what does it mean when you talk about the nine hallmarks of aging? Yeah. So I think this is really the right place to start. Um, so the nine hallmarks of aging are basically nine different types of molecular damage that build up in our bodies as we get older. And so, you know, we don't just.  all of that are mutations in our DNA that happen randomly, even in our 20s and 30s that are constantly happening way before we get cancer. And there are nine of these types of damage that include chronic inflammation that happens just more and more as we get older, buildup of aggregates, like the aggregates that cause Alzheimer's disease. But there are  which define the different types of damage. And what we've been able to do with those nine categories, which were only kind of distilled into a single thesis about seven years ago to 2013, 2014, what we've been able to do since then is you pick one of those types of damage and you tweak it, right? Either preventing it from building up or removing it from an already aged animal. And we see this amazing thing happen, which is you can take  excited about this space because that would mean, you know, if we could translate that into human biology, like it would be way better than like a magical cure for cancer or something like that, as far as like the number of extra healthy years of life we could distribute to the population. We can talk about that a little bit more in a second. Yeah. So what I want to talk about is just, you know, at a very high level, when you talk about molecular damage, just explain that very quickly for people, because I think that that's somewhat table stakes in the kind of the scientific  assaulted with UV rays from the sun or crap that we put into our bodies that we eat, or even just random changes as we get older. The bags that are our bodies are not designed to live or to function forever in an unchanging state. And as these different environmental and natural impacts affect our cells,  to the DNA, but also as our cells divide, the ends of our chromosomes called the telomeres, which you and some of the listeners may have heard of, they get shorter every time a cell divides. That's another kind of molecular damage in a way because our cells are becoming less able to do more divisions every time they divide. Then there's also inside the cell a loss of what's called epigenetic information. This is some of the markers on  but actually fail to do so. And they operate, they start operating in this different program that's using inflammatory cytokines. So basically inflammatory molecules out into the environment. And they can cause quite a lot of havoc, even if you only have one, one out of every hundred cells being in this senescent state. And similarly, another kind of like whole cellular level dysfunction, we have the power plants in our cells, the mitochondria that make energy, those start working  injured organs. Our liver is super good at regenerating. For example, our bone marrow, our immune systems are super good at regenerating. But as we get older, the stem cells that are fueling all of that, they get worn out over time and they are able to regenerate less and less well. Another one that's in this kind of like organismal level or whole tissue level is the topic of chronic inflammation. So long-term chronic  as we get older and what molecular tools we could use to reverse some of that to make our tissues more flexible, more able to regenerate instead of hardening up. So it gets into a little bit of scientific detail, but hopefully it gives a sense of like the types of damage that we are thinking about in this GRA science field. Yeah. And what's so interesting about this, I think that there's a sequence that people may or may not understand, which is that a lot of this molecular damage  that Alzheimer's diagnosis is, it's like not the start of the disease. It's one inflection point of a really long process that's been happening in that person. And so what this field of aging biology or geroscience is helping people think about is that if we can understand all of the damage that's building up 10 years,  much easier problem to solve than it is to try to react to a disease once it's already happened. And I actually have a kind of nerdy scientific example that I like to use to think about this. So as a VC in bio, we invest in companies like cancer companies, for example. And one of the ways that drugs are tested in cancer companies is you give a mouse a tumor and then try your experimental treatment to see if the mouse  it's going to be hard for the treatment to clear out that tumor. Because if you treat the mouse too early when the cancer is just developing, we know that almost every anti-cancer treatment works really, really well. And you get like 100% cure rates, but that doesn't then translate into good results for human patients that have advanced tumors. And so it's this fascinating situation to me, and I guess a bit nerdy here.  start thinking about how we treat our human patients in the way that works almost every time in our mouse models. And I think that that kind of flipping of the script is one of the powerful ideas behind this. One of the most fascinating things to me in all of this was when I learned about Brett Weinstein and kind of a lot of the controversy around the mice and the shortening of telomeres and kind of how a bunch of the mice came from the same place. And without getting super into detail about that whole situation,  And I think that a lot of people, when they think of longevity, they just simply say, okay, well, if the average human lifespan is 77, 78 years, whatever it is now, how do we get that to 80? And then how do we get that to 85, 90, 100? And that makes sense because you just want to live more years. But actually, there's a difference between living for an extra 20 years at the healthy or unhealthy state of a 90-year-old versus living an extra  unhealthy, the unhealthy period at the end of life, we're doing a disservice rather than a service to the population at large. So anything that's worth doing has to extend that the number of healthy years and like that's our ultimate readout. So whenever we talk about it, we actually avoid the term lifespan altogether, unless it has the term healthy put before it. Um, or, you know, I think the most popular term among the people in our field is actually to talk about it in terms of health span.  35 at 120 years ago at the start of the 1900s to close to 80 now. We've seen as human lifespan has gone up, human healthy lifespan has also gone up dramatically. Obviously, because we're dying of these chronic and horrible diseases like cancer and cardiovascular disease and Alzheimer's now, there is a tail period of unhealthiness that most of us experience at the end of  that's going to send you kind of tumbling downhill, which will ultimately result in your, in the organisms death. Like you can't undo that, that hill from that inflection point. So it's a much simpler idea to extend the time before you reach that, that turning point that starts you tumbling downhill. And so when I talked a little bit about like the mouse life extension earlier, you extend like the way that essentially, you know, you're going to have to do that.  and as enjoyable as possible. How do you look at those three buckets, right? Kind of prevention, reversal, or treatment? And is one better than the other? Is it kind of, no, we need to do all three at the same time to get the best outcome? Just what's the framework you use to think through that? It's a really good question that we could probably spend an hour talking about to give justice. But I will put it in kind of almost like an easiest to hardest  harder to unwind these diseases after they've already appeared. But from a regulatory perspective, it's much easier because that's how our healthcare system is set up today. It's set up to be reactive, waiting for someone to get sick, and then now we know we can approve a drug to see if it can shrink your cancer or something like this. But the sad reality is that we haven't developed enough drugs that can work that way.  good discovery is being made, but it's just such a scientifically harder problem than prevention. And then the final one around reversal, like this is in some ways, in some contexts, you could think of reversal as treatment. And so let's say in the context of cancer, reversal probably isn't an option, right? Like once you've got a cancer, you can't just like reverse the damage  getting into my 70s or 80s and my muscles are becoming way weaker, right? And my bones are becoming way weaker. So this is now already happening to me. I'm getting less robust and we could try to use a therapy to strengthen my muscles, to strengthen the structure of my bones so that I don't continue to get more frail, kind of like resetting me back to the point where I was in my 40s or something along those lines. From a scientific  And so a lot of what we focus on is this reversal and prevention ideas. And we kind of bundle those together into one way of thinking about like medicines that we can use before a true disease happens. That's either preventing damage from building up or reversing it once it's there. That's the same category for us. Everything you're talking about is incredibly complex and there's a lot of really, really smart people working on it.  And the capitalism or the pursuit of profits actually drives revenue, which then can be reinvested to further kind of the health impact and probably is the most sustainable model that we've seen so far. But you guys have a spin or kind of a variation of how to finance a lot of this work. And one of the things that I think is fascinating to me is that most of the people in this space come from the science side, right? They look at it from a very scientific perspective.  that you think of from a financing perspective that should lead to kind of a better outcome and more kind of sustainable platform. Yeah. So there's a lot of threads that I can pick up from there. But maybe before we jump deep into the disco model, I want to just emphasize one of the pieces that you're talking about around like doing this for the right reasons, kind of how drug discovery in general works. Because there are a few different ways that people have been doing  everyone has paid attention to. These are incredibly expensive human experiments to run. And so one of the cool things about the pharmaceutical industry as it exists in the free market for all of its flaws, and it has many, is that once you start going down a path that's going to cost $100 million plus to get you from an idea stage to an approved drug, that at the end of that,  large fraction of the population, it drives the price way, way, way down. And so the closest thing that exists today to what we would think of as one of these gero protective or age slowing drugs is actually the drug Lipitor. So these statins that reduce cholesterol, that's the closest equivalent to what's been on the market so far. And those drugs at their highest point never cost more than four or $5 a day. And it was the most profitable drug of all  where two things are changing a lot in science. And the first part is that universities and academic research scientists, because of all of the genetic sequencing tools and advances in chemistry, advances in genetics that have been happening, so you can do so much more now in a university lab than you could 20 or 30 years ago as far as making a drug. And so almost all, the majority of new drugs are actually discovered at universities, spun out  side of academia that need to do the research and development work to prove to a big pharma player that their idea is worth a damn. And so they're constantly fighting for funding. And so the VCs, the funders have kind of become the gatekeepers in this. And you have this really kind of messy mixture of like CEOs coming into a biotech company, pitching a VC to try to get funding and then getting a little bit of data, pitching more VCs, bringing more in and  the scale to take a lot of different shots on goal so that some of them would ultimately succeed. And then at the individual asset development level, make our decisions exclusively based on the quality of the science, not on how hyped it was or what the last valuation was or who had invested before. And so with Cambrian, we've been able to absorb almost 15 different projects that start  That's a bit of a lecture on this, and we can go deeper or stay at a higher level as to how this model works. But changing those incentives around so that I can talk to my ultimate investors and not have to sell them a bill of goods around how this one technology is going to change the world, but instead say, hey, look, we have this thesis around how we're going to create this new category of preventative or proactive medicines.  investors are and how you guys have been funded to date. Yeah. So Cambrian is a biotech company, not a VC fund. So we actually have attracted investors that are traditional company investors. Started this together with Christian Angarmeyer, who runs a Pyrean investment group, who's also behind a few other really interesting projects, including one called Atai that is commercializing all of the  just like they are just really far thinkers about what the future is going to look like have been huge supporters. Mike Novogratz, who is really big in the crypto space, as well as doing a ton of other smart investments, also involved in the psychedelics work. Brent Saunders, who's the former CEO of Allergan, which was acquired for 50 plus billion by Advi, is really interested in this space.  that I've had the luxury of being able to turn down about three times as much money as we've accepted, which is a really cool place to be. Absolutely. And so part of this is obviously financing is an important part of the drug development and kind of distribution. And you've got a recent announcement, Sensei, and there's been a kind of a public market angle to this. So we talked a little bit about what exactly is Sensei, how does that fit into the Cambrian model, and then talk a little  that we put together has to have two features. The first feature is that it has to target one of our hallmarks of aging. And if it targets one of the hallmarks of aging, we think it can ultimately be used as a preventative or either a prevention or reversal therapy somewhere down the line, but the key is somewhere down the line. It has to also, on the other hand, be able to be built as a real biotech company that can deliver  And we don't have to go too much into the specific details, but, but basically at the, you know, not the 30,000 foot level, but at the thousand foot level, um, in order to turn your immune system on to attack cancer cells, you need to trick it into thinking that that the cancer cells are virally infected. And so what these guys have done is they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell and they've taken a hollow cell  where these quote unquote virally infected cells are, it finds all the tumor cells. And that is kind of like something that people in the cancer immunotherapy field have been trying to do for 15 years. And I haven't seen done as successfully until I met Sensei and discovered their platform. So that's kind of like how this works. But the really cool thing about this is in addition to treating people with stage  tumor in your body, you can start detecting single tumor cells circulating in the blood. People have been able to pick up, oh, can we use advanced sequencing techniques to find those tumor cells in the blood? In the longer term, we could imagine using this vaccine technology, not just to treat people with no hope left, but to actually go in for regular checkups to see if there's any little bits of tumor cells in our body.  And so that's where Sensei's long-term vision is. So that's a little bit of an overview there of what got us excited about it. And talk a little bit about the public market aspect to it and why that's so important. Absolutely. So I talked a little bit already about this kind of change in supply and demand as university spin-out programs and these small biotech companies have become the wellspring from which all new medicines arise.  get biotech so much more than they did in the past. And they're able to make informed decisions about what's working and what's not by looking at these clinical stage biotech companies. And so the IPO market for biotechs has exploded in the last couple of years. And so by bringing Sensei public, we can do a couple of things. Number one, we've been able to resource  It was really valuable for us to take this affiliate company of ours into the public markets because it's kind of a validation for the way that we source, resource and build assets for our whole portfolio. So we were able to take this company that had a little bit of data, but was right at a point where we could accelerate it dramatically by getting involved and generated nearly $600 million of value in a year and a half, a little bit more.  So I think the thing that's probably been most surprising to me throughout all of this is just how segmented and fractured the drug development ecosystem is. Where the university professors really can't even speak the same language as the guys at the pharma companies who are ultimately developing drugs. And there's such a wide gap between