 Bang! What's going on guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  And I had this internship doing spot pricing for electricity across the United States. It's a quant project. And I found out a lot of things about spot price and electricity too, which would be a fun digression for another time. And the following summer, DLJ, which investment bank that was bought by Credit Suisse showed up on campus and they were the last bank to show up to interview. And I was turned, I turned down by a Goldman and Morgan Stanley  named Frank Quattrone. And the more MIT people we have on our team, the better our pitch decks look. So you're on the tech team now. And honest to God. And so I was a tech banker and I spent my whole summer flying on the Delta shuttle from New York up to Boston. And we were pitching VCs all summer. And this was 2000. So this is like heyday internet bubble. And I quickly realized  I got a job at Boston Millennia Partners when I was 21 years old through on-campus recruiting. So I got into the venture business and that was 20 years ago. So I'm 41, but I've been in the venture capital industry my entire career with the exception of two years in business school. And so when you show up on day one, what was your thought process for you? Like, man, this is wild. Are you like, I'm a genius.  and biotech and life sciences companies and optical switches and enterprise software. And I think what I found that I was good at, because it was funny even a couple of years later when I was first meeting Alan Patrokoff and we were setting up Great Croft and he asked for references. I had CEO references from when I was 21 and 22. They liked me and I liked them. And I found that even when I was right out  I have a research report. This is what I was reading last night. How rigged are stock markets? Evidence from microsecond time stamps, which is a National Bureau of Economic Research article. This was from 2017. And I rigged are they? They're not. But, well, at least not in the way that this group thought they were rigged. But I read this last night and I was so interested in the fact that I was  focuses for you are. Yeah. So, Greatcroft today is 50 people. And there are two businesses inside of Greatcroft. We have an early stage venture capital business that is on fund six. And in total across all of those funds, we're about 1.2 billion of LP commitments. And the second business is we have a growth business  enterprise application software and enterprise infrastructure software. That's our large their entire enterprise side of the house. And we've got 15 investment professionals roughly focused on those specific sectors. And then on the consumer side, digital health, consumer FinTech and InsureTech and then consumer internet. And there's roughly another 15 investment professionals focused  and enterprise software. So when you think about kind of switching focuses or switching sectors, what's the evaluation or framework process that you guys kind of think through to say, hey, you know, maybe we're not going to focus as much on sector A as we have been and sector B now is somewhere where we're going to go put our focus on. First is success begets success. And we see things outside of those six sectors.  we don't have expertise in vertical takeoff and landing autonomous vehicles. They will, doesn't matter. We know you, you know us. We didn't either. We figured it out over the course of the last two or three years. And then through that investment, we can learn a lot. And I think the venture business, like all technology, you have to keep innovating. Otherwise you die. So when we come into one of these spaces, it's the same questions. What's the capital intensity of the model?  You've got this idea of VCs firms as platforms. We've seen this with private equity firms, obviously, in terms of their ability to build out large businesses that really can do many different things. For the companies that they go ahead and they buy equity and whether it's a majority or minority stake, it seems like more and more venture capital firms are starting to do that as well. Just walk me through how you see that part of the business evolving  building the best companies we can with the best entrepreneurs and the best executives, that's an expensive endeavor in 2021 because talent is getting more expensive every passing year. And then it's an internal talent game where the associates that we're trying to hire are being cross rushed by DE Shaw and Apollo.  It's very hard. We started a $75 million fund at Greycroft. I was probably the poorest person in my business school class for a long time because I'd made the decision to work with my partners, Alan and Dana. And there's not a lot to go around when you're managing 75 million bucks with office in New York and office in LA, travel expense, overhead, marketing,  venture capital firms that maybe some people don't know exist or don't understand. We're not talking like market data, right? We're not buying data feeds from the NASDAQ or anything. We're buying exhaust data, app performance data from AppAnnie, consumer panel data from Earnest. We happen to also invest in these companies. So we find them like, well, if it's good enough for us to buy from it should also be good enough for us to invest in.  themselves publish their results. And you can append to that some information from consumer panels to see, you know, is McDonald's going to hit or miss their earnings projection. And that's a game that's being played by hedge funds. In the private market, no one really knows how everybody's doing. So you've got to figure out ways to triangulate that. And we spend a lot of time figuring that out too, because there's part of our business that's, you know, you've got to know if you're  happening in digital payments. There's a ton of kind of experimentation happening especially in Bitcoin and the crypto markets. But also there's lots of that same innovation and progress being made not in kind of blockchain or crypto enabled products as well. And so just how do you look at that market? What are you excited about? What are you not excited about? And kind of what have you guys done there? So we invested in the seed round of Venmo in I think,  a Hell's Kitchen. So we looked at this and I called people and everybody said, you'd be crazy to invest in this company Venmo. I would call PayPal and we're friendly with Dan Schulman and Dan wasn't there yet. Dan was still at American Express. We called him too. And they're like, oh yeah, we do this already. But you'd go and you'd look at the experience of PayPal 10 years ago where you got to go to a PC  But they were losing money on every transaction as they were paying the interchange fees for credit and debit loading into the app. And they were losing so much money, we had to sell the company. So we sold them to Braintree, and then we later invested in Braintree, and then Venmo consumed all of the free cashflow of Braintree and was dragging them down. And then we had to sell that business to, well, eBay, which owned PayPal at the time.  We had the same Michael Vaughn who was the COO at Venmo and had spent 10 years working inside of PayPal, was on the board of verse. And we got an acquisition offer from Square and we called PayPal. Like, well, we have an acquisition offer, I can't tell you who it's from, but we may be interesting to you because you don't have a mobile app in Europe. And the PayPal Europe guy said,  with all of those users hitting what is fundamentally a banking app, but they didn't execute on it. And now, thankfully, there's a million fintechs that are all exciting consumer businesses. So that's kind of a long story of the peer-to-peer space. The challenge is you don't make any money. Like these peer-to-peer hooks are really good for customer acquisition. They're really hard to make money on. So it takes hundreds of millions of dollars to scale  omission or mistake? Was it just a different time and people hindsight bias is kind of 2020? What do you think could have gone differently? In order for Venmo to say be an independent company instead of acquired by PayPal. That was 10 years of tension that just got released right there. Yeah, it was. I thought about that. I don't know.  think that people believed. And when we, the bigger question, cause we were, when combined with Braintree, we were a very formidable business. At the time we sold for $800 million, we were many multiples the size of Stripe, plus we had the payment business that was growing really fast. And that goes down as one of the biggest regrets of my career is we sold that business for 800 million.  Really? Yeah. Based on what measurement? Payment volume and revenue. And when you think of the payment volume, where exactly is that coming from? Because I definitely don't think people think of that, right? Whether it's just they think Stripe is so big in this Goliath or they just aren't aware of Braintree. Where's that volume coming from? Well, the US economy is really big. And, you know, if you  So you're paying for an obfuscation layer on top of, I believe Stripe is written on top of Chase's core, I'm not sure, but they don't have their own core. There's somebody else underneath. And you're paying for ease of use and APIs and compliance and a bunch of other stuff. So you migrate off to save a ton of money and to get a more robust feature set.  enterprise player and they positioned as such. So they, the accounts were very sticky. Got it. And even more so now that they've got PayPal behind them, because PayPal's payment services are expansive. Yeah. Before we move on to the next kind of vertical, is there any opportunities in payments or kind of these consumer facing FinTechs that you're like, man, somebody should go build in the X, you know, vertical.  in India, but these trends were kind of obvious. They had all started in the US and then they went everywhere. I'd say second, in terms of US innovation in consumer FinTech, there's a lot happening right now in the insurance space. There's still interesting opportunities there with embedded insurance.  is I've spent the past year looking for an annuities play. I've yet to find it and I've met with dozens. I think annuities is so fascinating and there aren't really pensions anymore. So you get like these defined contribution plans and what people just want is assurance in their old age that they're gonna have money. And there's a lack of trust that the federal government is gonna be there for you  to get your own money back. So when you think through the annuities and you say you've talked to a bunch of teams, is that teams that are working on the annuity space and you just are not convinced that's the right team or the right strategy, or you've talked to a bunch of people working in kind of FinTech, but no one working on the exact kind of point of the market of annuities. So we've looked at specifically a few people who have started companies  It's geared towards an older audience. And I think the question for us is we're gonna probably wait and see until somebody has some interesting traction or a really compelling team with a repeat entrepreneur that we can back. Those would be kind of the two criteria. And once we find it, we'll jump on it. Got it. Another area is what I'll call kind of consumer facing brokerage combined  What if Venmo and E-Trade, this was before Robinhood was Robinhood, but what if Venmo and E-Trade had a baby? The secret sauce of Venmo, aside from the fact that they built a good mobile app, was the feed. People would log in to see what their friends were doing and not even making payments, just like fear of missing out.  and you don't have any real stock ideas and there's no way to follow. Like how do you get information around where to trade and what to do? And it's kind of a single player experience today going into E-Trade. So what if we could build a multiplayer experience? And Yannick, who's the CEO and co-founder of the company was introduced to me by a friend. And I was talking to Yannick  and we funded the seed round. And the product was out of the gate, really kind of elegant, because Yannick had a whole, he's amazing on UI and user interface. And then he recruited his friend, Life Abraham in New York, and they met at Precursor. So the two of them became co-CEOs teamed up, and then we've been off to the races. And sure enough, the investment theme  right, they really, really scale because they go viral and your acquisition costs are lower. And what we've seen in the past, a year and a half is that play out. I would hazard to guess that our customer acquisition cost is one tenth what Robinhood's customer acquisition cost is. So when you think through that, the actual acquisition cost being lower is one advantage. Are there other advantages to having  And I don't know how to quantify that, but, and it's still early days, right? I mean, we're talking million users-ish platform. We're not talking billion, you know, a hundred million yet. So we'll see how it is when it really scales, but, you know, the trust is a big deal because when you come into a platform and you see people, you know, and I get texts from my friends on public  is going to be really important for one trust, two idea generation and three engagement. And what we do see, we have a lot more engaged users, because they're using it to communicate in addition to trade. We've got an advantage customer acquisition cost. We're getting people who come in and fund relatively instantly and then they build an interesting and expansive portfolio because they're following people and getting ideas from other people in the platform.  is it a winner take all in the sense of maybe not on a market sense, but you as the user, you're only gonna use one, or is this gonna be something where you'll be across multiple products? And so having the differentiation can actually be pretty important in terms of you're not so much competing just on a binary basis, do I get the user, do I not? Maybe actually what you're doing is you're kind of competing for mental share or timeshare of that actual user.  authenticate your Platt account to services like Adam Finance or toggle. And you can get portfolio analytics and alerts of my portfolio up, down, their news insights around technical measures that are happening in my portfolio. We happen to have invested in both of those companies, by the way. And the feedback we get is, well, we've got 100,000 authenticated users from Robinhood, but they've also authenticated their other  or T-Roe or whatever for another account. And the second piece is we also look at kind of new entrants into the trading market and what is your market share of new brokerage accounts created annually in the US for first time customers. And for a while Robinhood was over 50% of those new accounts. And it looked like they were gonna become more of a winner take all player. Because if you're like,  something that's really social, it can be quite durable in these competitive markets. So when you look at this, what's very fascinating to me is you very quickly pointed out the annuity business and payments. It seems like from the surface, everyone has tried everything in brokerage. Do you evaluate it the same way or are there things that you say, nope, we're looking for, you know, kind of X very  coming. Okay. Are there things that maybe are other parts of the brokerage market that, you know, kind of are outside of what public would go after that you're looking for? And really just if there's a founder working on something that could be a potential fit, they can reach out. I think ultimately, if they did, you think about this as a retail investor wealth management platform, and there will be at some point crypto and  unique verticals to just kind of one's going to own alt and one's going to own public equities and crypto kind of sits in between in a bit because you'll have crypto lending as a high yield asset class perhaps in the future on a yield street, but you'll have the actual crypto assets on a public brokerage. Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Before we wrap up, I always ask everyone the same three questions and you get to ask people to finish up. The first is just what is the most important  series. I loved that. It also depends. I read that at an age where it had quite an impression on me too. One of the interesting takeaways from that series is that the technology you build to sustain yourself in his world, there was a universe of people who built things that were really big and expansive and another universe of people built things that were  interesting around how in 1951, the science fiction author could kind of dream ahead about the way that society would evolve that way. And I thought it was really fascinating. I don't know that it's necessarily the most important book, but I thought it was really an interesting book. I say it's not the best answer, but that's okay. It's the one that is impactful, right? Which I think is one element of importance for sure. The second question is,  And I say it's very specific because really since we went work from home in March, my sleep has been amazing. Before then, I live just outside of the city in in Larchmont. It was it is like, oh, God, another hour to get home and then you're trying to find time. So I probably was sleeping six or seven hours. And there's a life changing difference to get an extra two hours to get home.  Like, everybody wanted to find things coming out of your chest or this is like somewhere in this whole universe, there are gonna be other intelligent life forms. Because I- Everyone who defined it. I'd say I believe that somewhere in the universe, there are other intelligent life forms. Yeah. I don't know that I will live to see any of them and I highly doubt that I will, but I just believe they're out there. So I'm in the same boat. I guess that leads to the question then of,  I don't have one. I mean, come on. It's like, okay, which one of your two kids is your favorite? Like what date is. I'll ask you a separate question. I realize you, but what's the most interesting question anyone's asked you when you gave them the chance to ask you a question? There's been a lot of people actually really bad asking questions. As I'm sure you have figured out as you talk to so many people.  something like that. It's like, I have no clue. But by far, the best ones are always the more philosophical questions, I think, that make me critically think about why something. So it's less about what's going to happen to Bitcoin. It may be like, why do you think it was created? Or why do you do what you do on a daily basis? Or you've said X, why do you believe that? And I think that it goes back towards the Toyota  And even the very first round of Robinhood, when you look at their revenue, all of those companies have revenue that is directly correlated to their customers' losses. The more their customers lose, the more money they make. And I looked at that and I said, I have a moral problem with that.  trading platforms and new retail brokerage stuff. What's your take on the moral authority of the media? Is it buyer beware in your world? Or do you feel like you've got a responsibility to people to let them know at the end of the day that day trading is going to result in losses? What's your view?  money, but ultimately, they don't want to lose money, and so they're likely to go somewhere else, especially if somebody can build a better model. The second thing that I think is left out of the conversation is there's almost variations to if you do have a business model where it is predicated on your customers losing money,