 What's up guys, bang bang. This video is brought to you by PrimeXBT. They are a crypto trading platform that has an excellent award-winning environment for margin trading. If you want to go check out their crypto trading, be sure to check out their copy trading module, which allows you to replicate the trades of the most successful traders with a proven track record. If you're interested, you can register with the link below and you can get a 50% deposit bonus.  Sure. I'm from the Bay Area originally, a small town called Sebastopol. And I ended up getting my car drove from California to Costa Rica, bought a one-way ticket to Bogota, Colombia. There's a lot of times a woman behind these stories. I'd met my wife and my girlfriend in San Diego. She likes to say she imported me to Colombia. And so I ended up moving to Colombia, chasing the girl, and we ended up getting married. And then three months, planned to make it down to Patagonia, three months in  bit as to what you've done there. Obviously, you've got a highly successful business that you've built, but kind of just walk us through it. Sure. I mean, you know, it was a long journey, right? And it wasn't a straight line to kind of get to successes, as we all know, right? And so, you know, I did everything in the early days. I mean, just to pay the bills, I would literally I bought this like business book or for business English, because no one would hire me, right? And so I literally walked the streets of Bogota, Colombia, knocking on, you know, office buildings and selling my English classes.  saw him in line paying this fine. I'm like, Hey, you got a German passport. Do you want to teach German classes? The guy, you know, he's, he wanted to keep his trip going. So he ended up, you know, we didn't, didn't end up doing the German classes, but he and I both had an interest in tech and we both kind of came up with our first business, which was more like Wed's websites and, you know, not high tech, you know, entrepreneurship, but just like, you know, websites and translation services. And then that kind of evolved eventually into  I was living in a piece of crap, you know, hotel, motel. You know, by the way, motel is different in Colombia that I didn't realize when I first got in, I thought it was like a motel aide, but it was not a great place to be. Let's just say that. And when I ended up, you know, wanting to move out of there because I frankly, my wife's family, you know, girl for the time, dropped me off and they were, you know, they were like scolding her for letting me stay in this very, very kind of dumpy place. And so I, you know,  I reluctantly, I need to get out of this place. I reluctantly paid the agent just to see the information and spent the whole day, first property already rented, second property too big, third property too expensive, wasted the entire day, money, time. And I'm like, there's gotta be a better way. And so around the same time I read a case study for Mercado Libre. For the audience that doesn't know Mercado Libre, it's one of the biggest internet companies in the world. It just kind of touched the $100 billion market cap company.  do you guys kind of have to tinker with it and kind of really find product market fit? How do you eventually get it to where it's source of scale? Well, there was no pump investors, you know, back then in Columbia, you know, I didn't have access to capital. So, you know, I like to say I bootstrapped, but really, you know, that makes it sound fancy that I decided to bootstrap. There's just no money, right? So, you know, we had to get the customers first. We had to, you know, we had to, you know, create revenue initially because  in the minds of most people when they think about Colombia, the image is changing in the country. But back then, it was a little bit more dangerous and not as traveled to. And so we struggled, man. We had 2.5 years just bootstrapping, hustling, selling websites and marketing services and anything we could to eventually evolve the business into more pure play marketplace classified site. It took us 2.5 years to raise our first capital and  was acquired by Zillow, the two of them ended up investing early on. And so I had zero signals. I didn't go to Stanford. I didn't go to Harvard. I didn't have a network. And no one thought Latin America was a place to be investing. And so when they invested, Greg was a CEO and resident at Excel. All of a sudden, it just popped into this network that I was unfamiliar with and became accepted as, oh, this entrepreneur might be onto something. And then the trajectory of the company  fund. And so Kazek and then another top tier fund called Monashie's led our series A and then we piled on some additional growth capital, Spark, you know, Spark Invested, Lead Edge and a handful of other Dragonier, Valiant, a couple of hedge funds. So we raised about $74M of venture, scaled the business. It was quite competitive. We went against a Tiger backed competitor. And in the early days, they had raised much more money than us.  the soap opera, they did a plug for their products are competing. Like they're like, you know, you got to go to, you know, zap the real estate place, you know, and it's like organically in the soap opera. So that was terrifying as an underfunded strap scrappy entrepreneur going against this media giant. We were very scrappy. We bootstrapped hard in the early days. So we were very good with managing our money. And so we were much more efficient in our growth and we grew organically while everyone else was  your incumbent to try to do a deal. It got laughed off for a couple of years because we were so tiny. As we started clicking away at them at their heels, we ended up doing a deal. It was essentially more or less a merger of equals where we did equity swap, created a new company, and I became the chairman of the combined company. And so we put two 600-person teams together  I'm on to my next thing, basically. So I want to zoom out a little bit and just look at Latin America in general. You're probably one of the people who understands this best that I know. Talk a little bit just about the technology scene there and kind of how that has grown over the last couple of years, even the last decade or so, as you were operating in the ecosystem. Yeah, I mean, things really have hit an inflection point over the last couple of years. It's not a region that got a lot of attention. In fact, I think it's an under-invested region  I think leading up to that, there was a handful of interesting opportunities. But we've seen in Brazil, the public markets are starting to heat up, more companies are going public, we're starting to see liquidity happen. And that's something that it was like Brazil and Latin America is the market of the future. And it's always going to be that way. That's the joke about the region. But I think that with the recent mega funding with companies like NewBank, for those that don't know,  RAPI is another example of a company that's been incredibly successful with their billion-dollar landmark funding round in the last year and a half ago. So I think all these things have really helped put Latin America on the global stage, where it's seen as an opportunity that it can compete on a global stage with the top emerging markets. And so that's something that is a recent advancement.  that there's a lot of big companies that are expanding into the region, like Stripe. Stripe is now poking around with their operations in Brazil and in Latin America. So I think that given the proximity to the US and the time zone, it's only a few hours. It's one hour ahead from New York, or two hours ahead from New York, depending on where you are. So it has a lot of connection with the US.  around the world. I think Southeast Asia is a very interesting market. I still think the region in Latin America is still a bit earlier even than Southeast Asia. So I don't think it'll necessarily fight for dollars or Bitcoins, but I think it's definitely an opportunity for a lot of global investors to start looking at the region, given that it's a 700-person population, it's a growing middle class, and the income per capita is higher than a lot of places in America.  them confidence that not only are the demographics great, not only is there a large market, but also there are companies that have been successful and can continue to do that and drive returns for their funds.  raising $100 million plus rounds. And I think that, you know, secondary transactions are starting to happen, things like that, where those generate liquidity for early investors. And I think that kind of kicks off the cycle. And so, you know, in terms of numbers, the numbers are still relatively small. I think last year it was a little over 5 billion went into VC, but it doubled, right? And so when you've got 2x growth, you know, that that's something that is a strong indicator of  and then replicating them and localizing for the local market. Or there are companies that are actually saying, no, we have unique problems here. And so we need to build unique solutions that don't kind of serve as copycats of let's say North American ideas or companies. You know, it's a great question. And I get that question sometimes. And I like the question because there's a couple of things that allows me to address. So first of all, the first wave of companies were similar to mine, right? Like my company was a tropicalized version of Zillow, right? Which is, it's kind of a no brainer.  Quinto Andar. They recently raised a $250 million round led by SoftBank. GA was an investor in their Series B or Series C, I don't remember. And that company, they solved a very specific problem. When you're renting an apartment, and I had this specific problem, so I was able to see the problem early, and that's why I wrote an early check in this company. When you want to get an apartment, in order for you to rent an apartment, you need a cosigner. The cosigner needs to own real estate in order for you to get  they basically just made it much easier to reduce the friction for those that wanted to rent. The same kind of on the sale side, you've got a company like La House. They just raised a $35M round from Greenspring and growing incredibly fast. And they're kind of combining a bit more of like not just a traditional kind of for sale, Compass or a Zillow model in the US, they're actually combining a little bit more inspired in a Chinese company called Becky, B-E-I-K-E,  are coming down from Harvard and copying an idea, which is more than welcome, but there's more innovation happening where they're solving local problems and attacking enormous markets that way. You've got a whole bunch of stuff going on and you've got a book that you've written. You're doing a bunch of investing. Maybe let's start with the investing and then we'll get to the book. Sure. A little bit about the investing activity that you're doing. Are you doing this personally? Do you have a fund?  my DM is on Twitter. I opened up all the messages and I'm like, if you're an entrepreneur in Latin America and you've got a problem you're trying to solve, let me know and I'm going to provide some free advisory work, no strings attached. And it was wild. I got a lot of people interested because I had some degree of success in the region. And so I took 150 phone calls from founders, basically just Zoom. And this was during the pandemic. So there was a lot of interest and a lot of uncertainty.  were organizing all these sessions, I wanted to tap my mentor network because I was very fortunate to have amazing advisors that helped me over the years that I couldn't have done it without them. And it's a lonely journey as an entrepreneur. And so we wanted to bring all this expertise globally, help these very bright eyed, bushy tailed founders that are trying to build incredible companies to transform the region. And what we ended up happening is we hosted sessions on everything from fundraising, sales, marketing, products, PR,  call it a demo day or whatever it is. And we had 17 entrepreneurs pitch four minutes back to back. And we had, you know, originally it was going to be a few of my friends, 97 investors from all around the world, you know, listened in, asked questions, and then, you know, some funding kicked off after that. So it was a good way to mark up some of my angel investments and a great opportunity to source the best deals, given that I have a pretty strong network in the region. So that kind of organically happens. And then we ended up  and people that can add value and are interested in the region. So it's a great way for a little R&D, throw a small check-in, free R&D, hopefully that it generates some returns for you and learn about the market. So that's something we just launched. In fact, this is the first time I'm publicly speaking about it. So I guess now is a good time as any, right? We will make sure to drive a couple of people there. Just don't yell at me if there's too much traffic.  passing venture deals from Brad Feld, the book that I literally read on the way to visit all the VCs on Sand Hill Road. That kind of blew my mind, but it just shows that there's more interest in the region. And so that book is live on Amazon. And it's really the book that I wish I had when I started. I would say Linda Rotenberg, who is the founder of Endeavor. Endeavor is a global organization, 40 countries.  it also kind of really affected me because I felt, you know, the loneliness being on the journey as an entrepreneur. And so I tried to write the book that I wish I had when I started. Talk a little bit. And I think you cover some of this in the book just around how important the people are in the region. And now that there's been more and more folks who've been successful, I know there's Wencis and a couple of others, maybe talk just about how important that network is and how that's growing from kind of a people perspective.  And so, you know, Linda was, you know, they call her the Chica Loca, the crazy girl, because she's from, you know, from New York. And she's like, I think that there's incredible entrepreneurs outside of, you know, Silicon Valley. And so she went down to Argentina. She discovered Wences. Wences at the time was launching. He launched the first ISP, Internet Service Provider in Latin America and from Argentina when he was like 24. And then soon after, you know, that didn't work out. He kind of got kind of moved out of that. And he ended up, you know, starting Patina.  18 months later, Wentz has sold Patagon for $750 million in an all-cash deal to Banco Santander. And this is like a month or two before the dot-com crash. Investors obviously made a pile of money. And all of a sudden, they're like, hey, do you got any more 26-year-olds or 27-year-olds that are doing any interesting stuff? And so I tell that story, and Wentz has ended up becoming an angel investor in our company. And if only I'd listened to him back in the day.  became advisors and mentors to me and investors. And so I kind of look at this as an opportunity to pay it forward. I feel almost the responsibility to reach back and kind of pull up the next generation of iconic founders that are building incredible businesses in a market that is enormous with a lot of friction points. Absolutely. And it feels a lot like once you are kind of in this together, right, you're building a new region when it comes from a technology landscape and somebody makes it, they feel very obligated  And so it's something that I feel is part of my responsibility. And I think it's an incredible opportunity. Obviously, it's not charity work at all. Before we get into the rapid fire questions to wrap up, the big kind of development, if you will, over the last 12, 18 months was COVID. And this whole idea of now everyone is sitting at home. I used to do all of these interviews in person. Now I do them all remotely, you as well, rather than go and meet people in person. You now sit at home and do a lot of this.  doubt. This is opening up a world just like we did our demo day. We had 97 investors. Our last one, we had 180-something investors from all over the world, particularly at pre-seed, right? And seed and pre-seed, where it's just like, you're betting on the team, you're betting on the market opportunity. That's opened up a wide array of opportunities. Kind of connected to that, but a separate point. We look at the network of people that are available to help and advise and  in the States, that people that actually think of all the incredibly talented people that have gone through places like Facebook or Google or Amazon, that Luis, one of our mentors is at Zillow. He runs Product at Zillow. He's from Argentina, grew up in Venezuela, and now he's a mentor sharing all of his experience in product management at a company like Zillow. And these people have an intrinsic interest.  on the kind of remote versus office debate. I think it's incontrovertible that we're in a position now where companies are being built. And to add to that, there's big companies in the Valley that are starting to hire engineering talent because it's flat now, the world's flat. I remember reading that book from Friedman back in 2004. And I'm like, the world is flat. And that couldn't be more true today. And so you're seeing  your own.  I didn't read that book. So I would have to, I would have to give a nod to Chris Anderson in that book. And so that's, that's probably a lot of other books is a tough question, but that would be the one that probably had the most impact on my career. That's a great answer. A second question is more personal sleep. This comes from our friends over at eight sleep. I used to be five, six hours sleeper now more like eight or nine hours. And they've got these thermoregulated beds that essentially you can make it hot or cold. I basically sleep like I am in Antarctica.  as the same day. And so it's just an emotional roller coaster. And so I think that I'm not the poster child for this. I wish I was better at sleep and it's something that's a priority. So I need to maybe check out the product that you mentioned, because I'm working on that on my own. I think that I go through kind of, you know, swings here with, you know, with my sleep patterns. I try to get, you know, a good chunk of sleep and I try to get to bed relatively early. I find that when I'm going through an exciting moment,  I'm a convert man. I'm a convert of the sleep religion. I know that it's, uh, it's kind of like CrossFit or, uh, uh, intermittent fasting or something else, right? If you do it, you got to talk about it, but I got to say that, uh, especially somebody who, uh, who, you know, was flying all over the place and doing all this crazy stuff. Now, all of a sudden, if I don't get eight hours, uh, I feel like it feels weird. It's one of those things you're like, how did I ever live like this? Um, so I'll send you some links to, uh, to eight sleep and everything. Please do, please do, man. I'm, I'm.  man hearing Elon on on Clubhouse the other day, you know with his statements around You know if there was he would know about it if we know but that being said I think I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to go with the Drake equation here and and you know, I'm not talking about the I'm not talking about the hip-hop star here where we're well, you know, you know the number of civilizations in our galaxy with you know, which communication might be possible is too enormous  What was your first investment that you made ever and why did you make it? I mean, the very first investment I ever made was definitely in myself, which is kind of a cheesy, shitty answer. I was just buying books and all that kind of stuff. The first financial investment I ever made, this guy's not really bad. We can count baseball cards. That also counts.  to $72,000. I was like, well, who needs a job? I'm gonna do this when I leave college. Like, it's amazing. And then got cocky over the summer, I went and did an internship in New York City was trading on my phone like an idiot, you know, kind of the classic, you know, day trading nonsense. And so very quickly realized like, hey, let me take my, take my measly profits that are left and get the hell out of this thing. But that's the first time that like, I remember like really taking like capital and saying, Hey, I'm gonna go and  You know, I think you know, you're a big inspiration and all the content you put out and you know I'm trying to take it take a page out of your book So I started a podcast and I after listening to a lot of your episodes I want to know what the story is on what's the origin story on bang bang? I Got a bad memory I guess because I don't remember You just you just you just knew that it would it would hit I you know what I'd love to you know, you know if you don't have one  off the chain. Now if you listen to the intro, the very first intro I ever recorded was one shot. So the guys who were helping me with it, they basically were like, Hey, here's the music. And if I remember correctly, I think I had the headphones in, I was listening to the music. And as it was going, I had a microphone in front of me. And so I just one shot was like, you know, what's up, guys? Whatever. And in it, I was like, the best podcasting crypto. And so when I got  that there's this thing of like bang bang I'm gonna make it a thing right and so I just did it a couple of times the next thing you know people started to leave in comments you know bang bang whatever it was like okay like this is gonna work the the crazy thing though is there's a couple of other people who have been like I've say I say that I'm like look man we must all be family or something then because I guess well you know we all arrived at the same thing but I'm not I'm not stopping so yeah you own that you own that yeah I after my  And then I changed over to English. But all of my audience is basically connected to Latin America or not in America. So it's Spanish and Portuguese. I speak Spanish and Portuguese, but we do it in English because obviously that's the audience you want to reach anyway, right? Yeah, it makes a ton of sense. So nice man. Bang, bang. I like it. All right. Listen, I really, really appreciate you taking the time to do this, Brian. Where can we send people to find the book or find you on the internet?  I appreciate you taking the time to do it. You've absolutely been killing it. I think it's important for people to understand kind of Latin America and the startup and investing scene there. So thank you so much for taking the time to do this. And we will definitely have to do it again in the future. Absolutely, man. Thanks a lot.