 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video. Some more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  background on what you're doing now and then Chris will go to you. Sure, I started I got a degree in computer science and my first part of my career was in technology. I ran a software services firm for many years and in about 2014 I started to do early stage angel investing. I was a part of several accelerators out in Los Angeles and did a lot of seed stage equity investing. I started to invest in my first  fund and we've been going strong. And I think of last I just I have a lookout crypto asset investing in the age of autonomy. And that's a little my history. Awesome. Chris Jake my entire career has been spent in the triangle of markets technology and law. I spent my first 16 years as a lawyer in New York and London representing technology companies selling their products and services in the United  network, global network, for trading these products. And we took the, we raised private equity and then 2005 we took the company public on the NASDAQ and it was a great success story. And then my third career after law and business was to go to the CFTC at the invitation of President Barack Obama and then become chairman at the invitation of President Trump and to be surprisingly unanimously confirmed twice, which was a great honor to me, and to serve as chairman of  And now I left the agency in 2019 at the end of my five-year term, and I'm engaged in a whole range of activities, both as a board and advisor to a number of crypto companies, and also as a senior counsel to Wilkie Farr and Gallagher, a prominent US firm, law firm. And then finally, as the founding, one of the founders of the Digital Dollar Project, which is a think tank to examine the challenges and opportunities of a US central bank digital currency, what we call a  You know, regulation always follows innovation. And in fact, I think that's a good thing. You wouldn't want regulation getting out in front and actually laying down a framework that innovation has to innovate too, much better than innovation follows customer demand, follows the natural course of innovation, and regulation follows up. And certainly that was the case with the early phase, the first phase of the internet, the internet of information.  the internet really evolved in a sort of a low resistance environment. But this way to the internet, the internet of value, where things of value are becoming digitized and decentralized is really running into a regulatory heavy zone. We have not one, but two market regulators in Washington looking out for people's interest in marketplaces, the CFTC and the SEC. We have not one, but three banking companies  structure that was many cases at the state level is centuries old. At the federal level goes back to the 1930s. It's an old regulatory framework that is being hit smack on by a new wave of technological innovation, digitization and decentralization. And the clash is pretty extraordinary. And it's one that we're going to have to resolve as a society. And I'm hopeful that federal officials will  long wave cycles. Um, so Chris does a great job articulating the current environment. Maybe help us get some historical context. Is this normal? How did we get here? And how do you think of it in context with those long wave cycles? Yeah, I think you know, my thesis is that we've begun a new long wave cycle. Uh, we know that the five to 10 year cycles, those short term cycles are driven by credit, but those long wave  I think we've seen evidence that a new cycle has begun. About a decade ago, we started to see that AI, IoT, and robotics were delivering on automation. And that was powerful. It just wasn't transformational. It didn't change how businesses went about operating. Cryptocurrency really was the last piece of that puzzle because it allows us to process, store,  competitive advantage. And so all of these technologies are converging with blockchain and with crypto assets. And that new long wave cycle, I believe, is the age of autonomy. That's what I call it. So, you know, that that that autonomy is already taking place as a social construct as a result of the Covid pandemic. You know, we've all left our office towers and we're all working in remote sites.  ephemeralization. You know, it's the process of doing more and more with less and less until eventually you can do everything with nothing. And really autonomy is just one of cycle, one phase within that much longer cycle. And we're seeing evidence of that. Those that could adapt be more ephemeral during the pandemic survived, those that couldn't, didn't as much. Yeah. And Chris, maybe we can move to you to talk a little bit about  there is no legal protection equivalent to an LLC. And so maybe there should be or there shouldn't be. And so if you kind of take that as a micro example, but you can look out at the macro and really see that there is a kind of difference or there is some sort of divergence between where the technology is and where the law is. How do we think through improving the regulatory environment? And what can regulators do today to kind of position themselves to be ready, but also not to get ahead of themselves and really  of the different agencies and their openness or resistance to this innovation that has driven their agency response without an overall game plan across agencies. You know, my experience in both the Obama and Trump administrations is that my agency, the CFDC, took on these issues pretty much on its own with  of people, Gary Gensler at the SEC, potentially Michael Barr at OCC, potentially Chris Bremmer at the CFTC of individuals who in their outside of government have really taken the time to drill down and understand crypto and the ecosystem in which it operates and the trends that are at play. And I think it brings the potential for a more coordinated approach. And certainly Gary Gensler at his prior time during the Obama administration  There's certainly calls for it in Congress. There's a number of key committee leaders who recognize the need for this, but whether they will be able to advance legislation, whether the incoming administration will embrace that remains to be seen. So right now in this phase, the second decade of the 21st century and the approach remains rather ad hoc. And so the choices for agency leadership  And even though it was idiosyncratic, thank God we had some early adopters in those agencies like Chris as Crypto Dad and Hester Pers at the SEC as Crypto Mom to see the vision and be those early adopters, because they really laid the groundwork for what's possible today. I just wanted to take that point. Thank you, Jake. And we did. And we advocated for that early adoption approach and made our points. And yet other agencies may not  And, you know, as someone who ran a business and took a business public, you know, the uncertainty is very, very it's very hard to innovate business practices, customer services, new products in an uncertain regulatory environment. That's what we have today. And during my time at the CFTC, we within our own jurisdiction, we provide we tried to provide more certainty. But until there's an overall federal embrace and, you know, we did have that in the first phase of the Internet. You know, Congress  overall prominence in this innovation that we had last time around. And maybe, you know, for a global environment, it's good that development is taking place everywhere. But I would like to see the United States show more consistent leadership, provide a more comprehensive regulatory environment that's easier to navigate for innovators. Jake, if we kind of zoom out a little bit and we take the innovative forward thinking approach that Chris is outlining here from a regulatory and legal standpoint, what is the future  a corporate treasury management allocation, like, you know, one and a half billion dollars to Bitcoin. Why? Why are these investors coming to the mat and putting money in there? And I think ultimately we're all seeing what's going on with U.S. dollars and printing and bank reserves and a little bit unsure and uncertain about what that type of future will lead to. And so we're seeing a lot of headlines about sound money  financial system. And the killer app of that is yield, right? We're not seeing much yield in traditional finance. And so that's what's so appealing about decentralized finance. Those all are still financial capital. This first decade or two, we're still talking about financial capital. One thing I want to bring into the picture is the idea of production capital. You can think of production capital  I can easily see in the future that an autonomous protocol as production capital will accrue indeed more valuable than any factory in the future ever. And so what is important is to think about both production capital and financial capital and how that's going to affect and transform the world and be mindful of that as we look to innovate and then regulate.  is that this is the first time I think in human history where the hedge is in a decentralized digital asset. And that's what is so I think remarkable is that the digitization of the economy is now provided the first sort of a large scale investment opportunity away from an expansionary monetary policy into a new asset class that didn't exist before, a digital asset class Bitcoin.  regulatory conversation. And then after you get done with that, Jake, maybe you can talk a little bit from a technology standpoint, how innovators are saying, look, we may not be able to create the laws or may not be able to create the regulations, but here are some projects that people are doing to really push the pace of innovation and hopefully pull regulators in the right direction. So, so Papa, I mentioned earlier that, you know, regular regulation naturally and should naturally follow innovation and that our regulatory system is fairly old and in some ways is antiquated  in the mid 20th centuries are pretty antiquated in the 21st century. And we've been fairly relaxed about it for some reason. We keep talking about infrastructure improvements in Congress and elsewhere, but we haven't done much to update it. Well, the same is true a lot about our financial market infrastructure, you know, systems for payment and settlement that were once state of the art in the last century, you know, on a global relative basis are pretty antiquated and obsolete in the 21st century.  Once upon a time during the European exploration of the East Coast of the Western Hemisphere, there were many European currencies in competition with one another. It was British pounds and French francs and Dutch guilders, but the currency that was in most demand was the dollar, but it wasn't the US dollar. It was the Spanish dollar. And the reason why the Spanish dollar was the currency to have was because it had 10,000 dollars.  Now, we assume the dollar, it's the world's reserve currency, it will be that way forever. But why should we assume that? China is rolling out a digital yuan that's going to be fractionable, that is going to be digital, that is going to be able to be used in peer-to-peer transactions. It's going to have technological superiority to analog instruments. We need to take seriously the modernization of the dollar for a digital future in the same way we need to take seriously the need  inclusion by a young society that's very accustomed using mobile devices, but less comfortable with walking into banks. So there's a lot of reasons to modernize the dollar. But at the end of the day, it's just that it comes down to do we have the courage to modernize our financial infrastructure? We've lacked the courage to modernize our physical infrastructure. It's time we took a more mature attitude in a global competitive economy. We got we can't take anything for granted. We need to modernize our economy. We need to monetize our  good innovators are either solving a problem or meeting a need. And really Bitcoin is solving a problem and meeting a need, right? We don't have a real store of value right now. Bitcoin is solving that. We really don't have yields because we're manipulating the price of money. Decentralized finance allows to build and generate yield. What's really interesting about building a decentralized  as reserve assets to really be the foundation of this new decentralized financial system. Any new financial system starts with being able to do collateralized loans. That's the first thing in capitalism that you need to be able to do. And we're already seeing that now in DeFi. Innovators are building insurance companies and exchanges and derivative projects  has autonomous cars, you know, how much more capable they're going to be to meet the needs of their market. They're going to be more competitive. That's going to continue and the innovation cycle is going to continue. It really is competition that is the disbursement and depth and distribution mechanism of that long wave technological cycle. And so competition  the old technology in place, if nothing else, for redundancy purposes, but also because it serves well. What we view as choice in the marketplace is the best way to advance the future. And our view of a digital dollar is to, it's about modernizing the dollar itself without actually replacing elements that will continue to serve for some time to come. When you guys think about kind of the single most important regulation that we should focus on, whether it's in the future or it's today, is there one thing that sticks out?  as opposed to activities. You know, traditionally when regulation comes to an ecosystem, it could be finance, it could be healthcare, it could be any other ecosystem, regulators traditionally look at the ecosystem and say, okay, where are the intermediaries? Where are the key collection points? Once we identify them, we're going to regulate them, we're going to license them, we're going to co-opt them to a certain degree  framework to bear. And what we need to do is change our mindset from a brick and mortar mindset, an entity-based mindset, and start thinking about activities. And how do we bring the right public policy to bear on activities in a decentralized world? And I think that's going to be the biggest challenge for Congress and regulatory agencies. If we're going to bring a sensible framework to bear on this new digitization of finance, we're going to need  Okay, the structure of my concept is really exactly like Chris's, just the different dimensions. So we talk about digital assets or crypto assets as a set of one thing, but really we have crypto asset classes within that. And we really start, we need to start interacting and operating with them as such. Governance tokens, cryptocurrencies, different classes,  Well, if the blockchain is generating value, the governance of rights, the governance rights of that blockchain are also a green value. The ability to be able to vote, we're going into a world that we're going to participate more with our assets, right? We're going to be able to vote. We're going to be able to change and we're going to upgrade. And we're going to be in more communities that are aligned on objectives. And we're going to be able to coalesce as groups of people within DOWs, decentralized,  This conversation is fascinating to me because we have somebody who spent a number of years running one of the most important regulatory agencies. We have somebody who spent a bunch of time building and investing on the kind of private sector side. How do you see folks like yourselves working together for the kind of benefit of the industry and really just progress across the global technology landscape? You know, Pomp, when I started the CFTC in 2014,  It's the only one the agency actually had that could kind of speak our language about technology innovation. And that was a very unsettling realization. So within a month of my being named as chairman, I called for the creation of something we eventually named LabCFTC. And what the purpose of it was to create an office where innovators could go and speak to regulators  the  Yeah, I mean, I think as innovators and leaders in the community, our job is education, whether it's through writing articles and or books or really being out there and being a voice. Our job is to communicate what we need, right? We can't just sit back and act as victims. We have to be in act, you know, in action and participate. You know, it's going to take a dialogue. It's going to take a partnership and participation. And so  to close out with you guys kind of both highlighting the books that you've either written or are going to write. But the first question is what's the most important book that you've ever read? You cannot answer with your own. So maybe Jake, we'll start with you. What's the most important book you've read and then Chris will go to you. I think The Catalyst, I mean, it's a simple book, but yeah, I think Rich Dad, Poor Dad really was the catalyst for me and whatever that was, the late 90s or 2000s. So simple, good ideas about being an entrepreneur.  Second question is a little bit more personal. It's about sleep routine. It's brought to you by our friends over at 8 Sleep. I've been sleeping on their thermoregulated bed, which basically means they just make it super, super cold and allows you to get a deeper sleep. But this was all after I used to be like a five, six hour sleep person. Now I'm more of like an eight or nine hours. What is both of your sleep routines and how has that changed over the years? I do some of my best thinking as I'm laying in bed.  I don't get a lot of sleep. I do have a sleep problem. I think the idea of cool is really important. I have had to get a routine to slow the body and mind. It's really for me that the mind will not just will not shut up, will not stop. So I have a routine. I try to then listen to some music, do some breath work and meditation. And then a friend of mine makes some  be telling the staff, have you looked at this or what's going on here in Japan and others? It helped us actually prepare for what we can expect when the New York markets and the Chicago markets opened up later in the day. I love it. The last question I have, and then we'll talk about the books, is aliens. Are each of you a believer in aliens or not a believer? I just think it would be amazing if we're the only life form in the universe.  about the books that you've either written or you're in the process of writing now and then where people can can go find those. Maybe Jake will start with you and then I think she could take us home. Sure. I wrote a book called Crypto Asset Investing in the Age of Autonomy. It's published by Wiley. It came out in December. You can get that at your