 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  investments for really kind of the $5 to $25 million net worth family office, who's not quite big enough to create their own family office, but big enough to play in that space. So you can think of me as an outsourced family office solution. I've got 19 families around the country that I do that for. And in middle of 2017, that led me down a rabbit trail to investigate crypto, completely became enamored with it, launched a hedge fund of funds, pure crypto.  back from 2018 to today, in between, but just like t 2018 to sentiment in Jan what are the biggest ch that you see? Yeah, clea standpoint, uh, you know, the obvious issue is just the the, uh, my, my industry quarter of 2018 and certa  early in the game. In the fourth quarter of 2017, venture capital investments in cryptocurrency were really three week to three month kinds of investments. These people, it was like the go-go days of the internet. You get an interesting team of individuals, they write a white paper or create a marketing deck and they go out and they raise capital without having to create any technology at all.  where value is created in the ecosystem for cryptocurrencies and digital assets as a whole. Got it. And so when you think through this, you've got a whole bunch of things that you could offer to clients, right? You could do fund to fund, you could do indexing, you could do active management, you could go start your own company, you could start your own project, whatever it is, walk through kind of your evaluation as to where you play in the market and why. Yeah. So, I mean, I'll sort of do that even historically. You know, when I sort of  So immediately I thought, well, if I'm going to have value add in this space, it's not going to be on that end of the spectrum. So we naturally shifted to fund of funds in my role as an advisor to wealthy clients. I'm always looking at deals, my, you know, my ability to vet and source deals and ask questions and try to find talent. That's kind of what I do for a living. So we just took those skills and tried to apply them to this cryptocurrency world. And my most passionate point in making that fund structure work was a belief that the asset class was  And it'll be years before we get to a place in this industry where you want to actually start boxing people in, but that will come eventually. Yeah. Talk a little bit about active management and kind of why that's so important. Well, maybe the first thread on that is go back to the idea of the venture capital. If you're in an index in the early days, you know, most of the value creation, and I'm going to say in the year 2017, might have been found in tickers that were already trading publicly, not anymore.  value accrual is happening and be able to move funds towards the part of the market that is accruing value in the most compelling way. Yeah, and it's really fascinating to me, I guess, that as you think through kind of that active management, not only is it going and finding some of the stuff in the private market, but it's also then knowing when to get out of the positions as well. Yeah, for sure. Absolutely.  heard. And I think that's actually an important point. In 2017, I believe there were less and don't not 100% sure of the exact number, but I'm pretty sure that there were less than five managers in crypto that ran liquid cryptocurrency books greater than $50 million in value. There's hundreds of funds, but most of them had really, really small portfolios of capital under management. And I'm not including the venture capital guys. I'm just saying actual liquid crypto  leaning your direction as to whether they've got chops in the space. And so I just think it's such a small space. There's so much misinformation. There's so much price discovery that isn't really accurate in the spreads in the market. And it's absolutely an active manager world. Yeah. Talk a little bit about how your clients are thinking about sizing this in their kind of larger portfolios. And that'll kind of help people understand like why that feeds into the fact that some of these funds, you know, only have 10 million, 50 million, a hundred million dollars to  five or 10 years or whatever, 20 X, but it can turn into real money. That conversation has shifted. We think today the floor is much higher. We've survived yet another 80% drawdown in the short life of Bitcoin's history, and you can't kill it. The institutional adoption is upon us, and we think the technology is here to stay. We think double that allocation is reasonable for most investors, although I have to say,  you're the average person sitting at home, how do you think about this? Like, can you and should you go look for the active managers? Is this something where people should spend a bunch of time to get educated and then go try to trade or kind of pick, you know, stocks with pick these like coins? Like, how do you just think about that from a wealth management standpoint? Yeah, you know, I'm gonna obviously I'm you've teed me up really well. Thank you for that. I'm gonna talk my own book here. But I'm gonna talk my own book because it's  we have allocations to five of those seven and the two that we didn't allocate to, it was by choice. Two of those managers in our book are closed. Cannot get new money into them. The third manager has a really high minimum, a million dollars. They'll be closed. A fourth manager has high minimums. They might be closed in like three to six months and what I mean. So there's actually arguably, in my opinion, only one manager in our deck that has some significant room for  understand the code or the cryptography and figure out how to get in the right doors. It's just a super high mountain to climb as an individual. Yeah. And so when you start to think through, where's Bitcoin fit into all this, right? Is it still the king and people should have exposure to it? Are you of the belief that people shouldn't have Bitcoin? How do you just think about it given some of the asymmetry and value accrual you're talking about in other parts of the market? Yeah, I would say,  along side an actively managed portfolio. Yeah. And then when you think about some of the interesting things that you've seen, are these decentralized protocols, are there specific sub-sectors in crypto that you're saying, hey, look, this is really where I want to spend a lot of time? Well, for sure. Again, with the caveat that we don't make these calls, we just listen to all the smart guys in the room and we get excited when they get excited, but we're not actually directing them.  of transactional volume on a daily basis accrues to that token. So hold on before we get into the token component of Uniswap, just explain Uniswap at kind of a high level first for those that don't know. It's decentralized exchange. It's NASDAQ without the middleman. Okay and that basically means that there's a pool of tokens. If you own some of those tokens then you essentially have ownership right off of that in air quotes of the cash flow for that decentralized exchange.  that evaluation. Yeah, so 30 bips, 0.3% of the transactional volume on that exchange, cruise as cashflow to the token, which on an average of roughly $700 million of transactional volume a day, which by the way, has been growing like crazy. I mean, I don't even know the number, but it was a fraction of that just a year ago, right? So that's a $2.1 million daily cashflow  around a table saying, well, how do you value a digital asset? It's not real. I can't touch it. And it's just a series of numbers and codes, and it doesn't really spit off any income. And what is it? And we're past that. There's a whole section of crypto that actually has real world cash flows. Another example in a different world would be Spencer Dinwiddie's NBA contract. Probably half or more of your readership or listeners know this, but there's an NBA basketball player out there who created his own token to brilliantly so  investors are undervaluing that? It sounds like at five times cashflow, that sounds pretty low of multiple, especially given what's going on in the public markets. Is that the right way to think about it? Maybe that's actually the right valuation? How do you wrap your head around valuation versus the analysis of the actual cashflow? That's so great. I'm passionate about it, but my opinion is just that. It's very open-handed opinion. But my opinion on that is it's just that people don't know.  because it's just a novelty. People are still trying to get their head wrapped around how to own Bitcoin, much less this funky token called Uniswap they've never heard of. Absolutely. And so when you think through kind of where the world's going, do we think that all of the capital is going to flow out of the stock market and into this kind of digital world and there will be this digital decentralized financial system? Is there coexistence? Like, just how does this evolve over time? Yeah, I love that.  from a strange corner. So I don't mean to make that a cop-out, but it wouldn't surprise me one bit if out of defending their own territory, there's lots of entrenched players that have a lot of motivation to try to keep their turf. So it wouldn't surprise me one bit if ultimately the stock market morphed. I think we're seeing central banks do that. If you can't beat them, join them. Don't kill it, but figure out how to co-opt it. Power is important.  kind of a very well-known public like an Anthony Spheramucci. You've got big institutions like Fidelity and others who are starting to participate or have been for a couple of years now. Just what do you think about the institutional adoption and kind of the impact of the market? Yeah, my favorite thing to talk about on this is actually, I feel like we're in the second wave of institutional adoption now, we're entering it. The first one was, you know, those kind of  That was December 16th. January 21st, he comes back and says, well, it's actually going to go to $20,000 before it goes to $400,000. I mean, if that's not the most blatant example of talking your book, he kind of realized he didn't talk it up until he gets his entire position in play. BlackRock filed very, very quietly to have two of their funds be allowed to own Bitcoin, never sent a press release out, nothing was said anywhere.  But they're starting out buying Bitcoin. They're not going and looking at Uniswap or kind of the long tail of things. And so is it just there's an evolution and they start out with Bitcoin and then they go look in Ethereum and they kind of move down the path or just how exactly do you think that plays out over time with the institutional adoption across the asset class? I love this question. I absolutely think it's that for a couple of reasons. I think it's that because it's career risk. The institutional world, they've got safe jobs. It's like don't screw it up.  And if there's one thing that's important in having alpha and active management, it's finding inefficient markets, which there are very few of today. Absolutely. What is the best thing you've heard in the last year? So you talked a lot of managers, like what's the thing that you're most excited about in the entire industry, whether it's kind of a corner of DeFi, it's something that maybe you've heard investors say, like just like what's the thing that's six  so thinly traded, they're small cap and the liquidity profile or constraints doesn't really fit, but it's the most interesting space in terms of value accrual, in terms of growth of transactional volume. That's going to change, but for right now, we think that that is probably in my mind, that's the thing that comes to the top of mind fastest is this small cap DeFi, which there's pretty much no  You get a lot of disparate opinions on what Bitcoin's ultimate price target is. If there is something like that, it's got to be in the Bitcoin world. But I don't know. I don't think people know where it's going to go. I'm not sure I've got a good answer for that question. That's fine. You've got plenty of good answers. So not having one for one question is perfectly fine. When you think through the allocation of before  DNA over managers, one of them has got a trading mentality coming out of Goldman and Susquehanna. A couple of the others really are just coding tech geeks, like deep science guys trying to solve the big problems of the world. That's a huge allocation chunk. Then we've got this value guy. Broadly speaking, we're explaining that DNA, really 10,000-foot view to our investors.  Over time, the returns get commoditized down and then when the mainstream or middle market of the investor base shows up, you just get a little bit higher than you got in the traditional world. Then by the time the last folks get in, you get heavily commoditized returns that look exactly like the last market did. I think that's the narrative for most asset classes in history. You can think about the quote unquote hedge fund, the market neutral strategies or the long short credit strategies.  a number of years away, in my opinion, but it'll happen. Yeah, it's pretty crazy. Where can we send people to find you on the internet or find out more about the work you're doing? Pure-Crypto.com would be the website that discloses the allowable, the regulatory allowable information about the hedge fund and Laureate-Wealth.com  And so it's a term of distinction. It's a place of honor. Pure crypto is just simply, you know, we wanted something that smacked of hedge fund that had nothing but cryptocurrency allocations in it. So it's kind of simple. That's a pretty self-explanatory name there. Not very creative, but it's what we got. All right. So I'm going to ask you two questions. I've already asked you my normal questions, but I'm going to ask you  become morally offended by my identification with Silk Road transaction. That's a pretty strong mantra. It's a false narrative. I mean, of course, lots of interesting tech starts in nefarious places. I mean, that's kind of a thing. But that doesn't mean they carry that DNA forward. Absolutely. I couldn't agree more. Second question is more personal.  wife, my kids, my business. I'm just like, I gotta have, I gotta get my sleep and I gotta work out and I gotta eat right. Yeah, that's a good thing. I think it used to be that people were like, you know, I'll sleep when I'm dead, right? But now I think the time started people realize like, hey, sleep's pretty damn important. I should make sure that we're doing that. Yeah, I am. Yeah, I'm definitely an eight and a half, nine if I can get it. I love it. What one question you have for me to finish up?  right? Kind of zeros or heroes. It's just that they're not equity, they're this token-based thing. And so I think that that's probably it within that. I don't know if I could pick like an individual sector that I'm like, oh, this is going to be amazing over everything else. Because I just think that across the board, early stage venture is just driven on innovation. And that's where you're going to get kind of outsized returns. And so that's what I'd pick. Yeah, no, good word. And really, that's the way we coach our  seeing from all the different managers. Very cool. Thanks for having me. I really enjoyed it.