 What's up guys, bang bang, this video is brought to you by PrimeXBT. They are a crypto trading platform that has an excellent award-winning environment for margin trading. If you want to go check out their crypto trading, be sure to check out their copy trading module which allows you to replicate the trades of the most successful traders with a proven track record. If you're interested, you can register with the link below and you can get a 50% deposit bonus.  So I guess taking a start by saying that I am a migrant. Right now, I live in Colombia, but I was born in Venezuela and due to the economic collapse on hyperinflation in the country, I decided to migrate from a very early age. You know, everything that Venezuelans, families and my family built was lost. And so for me, the solution  Then quickly I found about crypto and then I started figuring out what I wanted to do with cryptocurrencies in Latin America, especially in Venezuela because of the potential impact to solve hyperinflation, solve these problems. And now I'm living in Colombia. So that's a little bit about me. In general, I love building companies and getting a lot of people together to solve large problems. So I think crypto falls into that category.  expensive. You guys in the United States are experiencing a little bit of that right now. It's really hard to know what's the inflation rate because the federal reserve potentially won't release the real numbers. But everybody tells me that life is just getting way more expensive in the US. So if you're holding your currency in the local fiat, in local currency issued by the government, then you're just becoming poorer, cash poor in Venezuela. That is  government used to take out zeros from the currency because the number of the numbers were just getting super large. So today, a dollar, an American dollar is worth like one billion, one million Bollywood's. But if we add the zeros that the government has taken out, one US dollar is about one trillion over over one trillion Bollywood's. So as you can imagine, cash bills couldn't  that you make out of these bills has more value than the actual money. So those are just some of the examples and analogies I can bring to the table. But growing up in a country like that, where 50% inflation happens in a day, where you go in the morning to buy milk, and then you go out in the afternoon and the milk is twice as expensive, you really become, I guess, financially savvy on how to survive, right? How to survive in a country like that.  businesses started to go broke. And now we have, we came from being potentially one of the richest countries in resources in the world and one of the richest countries in Latin America to the poorest country in Latin America, even poorer than Haiti. So really, really big, drastic change. Talk a little bit about before Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, what were people doing?  So even barter became something, not a super large scale, but people started to barter things. And so communities got together to buy, for example, water for the buildings. And then you would buy one of those large trucks of water once, like to spend all the boulevards as much as you can and just hold your money in water, I guess. And so that became the norm.  to getting like to understand it and grasp the concept of storing your money in Bitcoin. I think that was in 2017, even before the 2017 bubble. And then these students got so excited and these young people got so excited that they started teaching their grandmothers and their grandfathers and their parents about it. Some of them got it, some of them didn't, but the whole country knew about it at least, understood that there was  and buying an apartment in Manhattan and then paying that credit in Venezuela and Bollywood bars over 10 years, 15 years, and they would buy an apartment in Manhattan for the equivalent of $1,000 or less. And so that's definitely corruption in some way, but I have heard of people that did this and that's just something that I wanted to share as you can imagine, if that's one thing  I would like to start with the problem, right? And we are potentially solving hyperinflation and rampant inflation. And even we can potentially save Venezuela. So if value, if everybody in Latin America puts their money into value, we think that we have virtually solved the largest  locations in Colombia. People in Venezuela can connect their banks because Venezuela, because of the hyperinflation, is fully banked. It's a country that has even more than the United States. People have a bank account. So if you're in Venezuela, if you're in Colombia, you can turn your fiat, your Venezuelan Bolivars or your Colombian pesos into crypto dollars. You can then send them for free and immediately between anybody, between  both that are still living and migrants across the w that may help any other p America. Um And and help th prosperity. Um Whether yo the city, you can access money in value dollars is app  people do not have the tools, the education to understand this. So they are really demanding for very simple stuff like is it safe? Is it and is it like you know is my money going to be in dollars essentially because you know the dollar is the current kind of like store of value that you know most people in the world think is the best. Still Bitcoin hasn't still got in there but you know over time  an IOU because it allows us to do these free immediate transfers, which is one of the ways we essentially acquire users and promote that we're effectively killing the remittance business by helping people transfer money between countries at no cost and potentially acquiring all these Western Union users. So it's an IOU, which means that it's essentially a centralized accounting system that is mirroring  recipient to get the fiat and send it to their bank account. In Venezuela, like I mentioned, everybody has a bank account. So when you do the offer in Venezuela, you pay directly to their banks. And we do that in a peer to peer fashion, in a decentralized fashion of sorts by doing peer to peer exchanges. And so we never touch the Venezuelan banking system because we don't want to do that because Venezuela is a dictatorship. And so we effectively can have  doing Bitcoin futures trading and derivatives trading. So at that time we said, all right, let's offer dollars to people or let's offer a synthetic dollar that is backed in Bitcoin derivatives. And we recently changed that because we were holding that in Bitmex and with everything that happened recently, it definitely showed that this is a risk. In the end, it's not that we're actually cost to the end these assets ourselves. This money is locked.  you actually creating a token and then building it on a blockchain and over time giving people with really good UX a way for them to hold their keys. Talk a little bit about the market adoption so far, right? So where are you seeing people using this? How is it going in terms of the amount of transactions or just like any data that you can share around, you know, do people want this and are they using it?  or even in Colombia. In general, in Latin America, it's really hard to access dollars. And specifically in Venezuela, it's a life or death thing. So being such an intense need, what we're offering to people, it's really, really important. And right now we have, since we launched, about 80,000 people have used our products, about 30,000 monthly active retained.  people on the advantages of these technologies and working with merchants so that the product is used for payments, essentially closing the pipe, I would say. Today, most people have to cash out into the Bolivar, into the local fiat to pay because crypto, mostly anywhere in the world, is still not used as a medium of payment. But in Venezuela, given the situation of hyperinflation, everybody's looking for something  We recently enabled cash-ins in Venezuela, which I believe is the most important thing we've accomplished as a company, right? Effectively helping people turn their high-conflationary currency into dollar in Venezuela. Back in the day, the only way they could access this was through their family members in Colombia sending them remittances. But now they can actually cash-in in Venezuela. And so that's effectively  Then this is a product that also works with local populations of Colombia, Brazil, Peru, Mexico. So the Venezuelan use case is really, really strategic.  this mirror value to the dollar. And it's a good kind of like gateway drug into cryptocurrency, I guess, for most people. This is stablecoins. And over time, hopefully, things like Bitcoin take over as well. But I do think that, while time will tell, Latin American emerging economies are the places that are more prone for the system to be replaced by crypto.  that we import a lot of things. We only produce primary commodities like petroleum, which is now less in need from first world countries. We haven't made the investments in education and all these things. So over time, a crisis down here will just prove the system to be way more ineffective. And specifically in countries like Venezuela, like I was mentioning, I truly believe that Venezuela can become the first  And, you know, this is being led by the opposition, by the good guys. So they already seen, they already actually seen this potential that it has of overcoming centralized authoritarian regimes. So I truly believe in 10 years, we'll potentially have the first crypto economy, hopefully down here in South America. And hopefully that spreads throughout the region.  thing for sure. And it doesn't have to be boring education. It doesn't have to be long information and papers about how money works and how crypto is better. I think education started by building great products and then teaching people the features that these products are giving them. And so it has to be embedded in the product itself. It's not that you have to teach people how to use  What do you think is the biggest risk or the thing that you're most worried about when it comes to adoption in South and Central America? You know, we continue to have, I guess this is not only for Central America and South America, we continue to have democracies, right? And I think democracy has failed as a political system. It's a system where  on for crypto to be successful on politicians that that worries me across the board and even in the United States. And so I think that unless we move really fast, like really fast as an industry, unless we really are stay true to our values, because we're seeing more and more companies enter the space,  in the industry that people are working on decentralized systems, fully decentralized on no-cost solar accounts, on privacy. These are the people that have to win. And, you know, also value where, you know, learning every day and we're making our best to, you know, pragmatically first acquire the users and then help them transition into this new, more sovereign systems and these new, better systems.  finish line, but kind of the thing that you're aiming at, what does that world look like a decade out? So contrary to what most people think, I think the crypto space has a really unique characteristic where this is not going to be a winner takes all type of industry. The reason is exactly because of what I just mentioned, the regulatory hurdles. These regulatory and compliance hurdles will mean that there will be silos of companies  silos of companies that are in different regions and they're all working in blockchain and crypto. The interoperability, you know, I'm sure in 10 years we'll have interoperability with cryptos and blockchains. It'll be just a more global, you know, financial system. So that's where I see value in 10 years. Very, very, very much focusing on Latin America and connecting Latin America to the rest of the world.  say crypto under management, which means effectively that people are holding their crypto and that if they're paying with crypto, they're paying to other people, but the crypto is not leaving back into fiat. So if we see that growing, that trend growing over time, that's going to mean, you know, the crypto is actually overthrowing fiat and that is being successful. Secondly, which goes hand in hand with that is the cash-ins, so on-ramps, effectively, you know,  an awesome opportunity for crypto. And so the fact that anybody with an internet connection and a smartphone can have their own money and don't go through the banking system, I think that's a really, really important kind of development for the region. And I would say those are the three things that amount of users compared to the market. Cations and  I figured that a lot of these concepts, I can learn them from YouTube videos and things like that. However, I can tell you the one book that I really enjoyed, and this is not related to crypto, it's actually related to company building, is the hard thing about hard things by Ben Horowitz. If you're a CEO or a founder, even in the early days, a lot of these advices for when you're actually starting to scale up, but even from the early days, if you read that, I think it's super, super valuable. And of course, for people that are interested  I sleep like clockwork at 11 p.m. Sometimes at 11.30 p.m. and then I wake up at 6 a.m., 6.30. So I usually sleep seven hours. It works for me so far. Over time, I have seen that the older I get, I need less sleep. I wake up rested after less time. I do value sleep a lot and I value habits for me.  also part from the universe. It's very unlikely that there's no aliens. So yeah. I think they're out there, man. We'll see. I think they're there somewhere, but I don't know if we're ever going to run into them. That's for sure. You could ask me one question to wrap up. What is the one question you have for me? Man, how the hell do you create so much content? Listen, I'm learning, right? And this is a third podcast.  live my life on the internet, right? It's when I think of something I say, I got something to respond to somebody I respond that just kind of everything I do, I have no, no things that aren't on the internet. And what it does is it allows me to kind of put out like the, you know, the bat light, if you will, right? You remember when Batman would put it up in the sky, it's the same thing. People know what I'm, you know, into what I want to learn about the type of people I'm looking for. And so I just use the internet to my advantage.  be starting I'm starting to do that and I'm going to continue to do that more and more both in Spanish and English but definitely with the focus of you know helping spread the education and educate people in Latin America about money, why money, why crypto is money, the problems with the fiat infrastructure and all that so making it buy sites you know abstracting complexity it's really really important. Yeah I mean look it's obviously very clear that  Yeah, I will. Where can we send people to find you on the internet or find value? So you can find me on Twitter at Simon value. Value is V-A-L-I-U, like volume, like a drug, but without M. So Simon value in Twitter. I don't have Instagram yet or Facebook. And you can follow value as well at value  of providing the solution to people in South and Central America. So I'm excited to be part of the journey and just really proud of all the work you've done. So we'll have to do it again in the future. Awesome. Thank you, Bob. Take care, man.