 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  And basically always wanted to be a lawyer right up until I was about to graduate from college. And then in quick succession, I was like, oh wait, no, I'm gonna be a doctor. Oh wait, no, I'm gonna be in finance. And so went to work for Merrill Lynch right during the crisis. So we were in collateral management for credit default swaps in 2008. I knew that Lehman was going under like two weeks before everybody else did, obviously couldn't trade on it.  So I took my three weeks vacation, went back home to Aspen and started studying for the bars and went to law school in 2010 and focused with my finance background, focused on securities law and intellectual property. Graduated securities law and intellectual property is not the biggest practice area in Denver, Colorado. And so one of my really good friends from law school, Nadav Ashram,  Law, the people who were calling themselves corporate marijuana lawyers were basically just defense attorneys who had had marijuana clients who were now saying that they were business attorneys. So with my background, I was actually able to carve out a pretty good niche pretty quickly, so much so that fast forward to 2019, I was able to bring Nadav Ashu, the guy who put me into cannabis law, on as my partner, which was kind of a cool full circle experience. So what's so funny to me is  Interestingly, totally unrelated is how I got into it. A good friend of mine who was in finance and was working in Thailand called me up and started to talk about this thing he wanted to do called an ICO. And being in the cannabis space, funding is, all of my clients are banks and have been banks since 2017, it's a common myth. But the problem with the industry is funding because you cannot get good funding. So he starts to describe this one  this whole ICO boom was how crypto worked. I mean, I bought my first Bitcoin in like 2013 and kind of forgot about it for a bit. And as I started doing this, I started to kind of like digitally follow my buddy around the inner mat trying to pick up pieces. And then one night I was like, hey, you know what the Howey test is, right? Like he's in finance. I assumed he understood it. He had no idea. And so I explained to him,  is very big in the crypto space. They flew me out there and we started doing work for them and then slowly started to bring it back to our practice here where now, Kia, Kia is still our biggest area, followed by him. But then blockchain crypto is our third biggest area and our fastest real. And then quite frankly, it's one of the most interesting spaces I've ever been in. And I'm in some pretty interesting spaces. Yeah.  knows they have to have an attorney. They know that they can't start out without having good legal counsel because it's federally illegal and there are really nuanced components to this. And there's a lot of overlap there. But in the crypto space, these guys are all devs and engineers and they're coding the future and they kind of have this blind spot for how slow regulation works and how long it takes for these things to catch up to them.  about it. But it was my jo little and follow them a what could happen. This i yourself. I know you don' to this. I know you want t like if you don't want to experience massive civil l to me. And it's not just like we actually have a cli the blockchain space. We w clear. We weren't advise  some day we will get to t a doubt is a recognized a on its own, for example, yet. And the the amount of t get there, there's a lot that can happen. So that' really, that's what we is help people apply existi  system. Walk me through kind of what do we know and kind of what is precedent in the decentralized world and how much of what we're seeing kind of play out right now will eventually end up having to be the case law. Like there's just uncharted territory. We haven't gone to court yet over some of this stuff. And so like there's going to be kind of those seminal cases that end up being the precedent. It's just that they haven't happened yet. Like just how do you view the intersection of decentralized technologies and  We're just doing stuff. We don't put any corporate form around it. It's on an LLC, it's on a C-Corp, it's on a formalized partnership. The government imputes what's called a general partnership. And so you and I are 50-50 equally reliable for all of the actions of our project, of our partnership. And that means all of our assets are completely at risk if someone sues us and they win for whatever the suit, it doesn't matter what the suit is about. There's a damages brain.  decentralized organizations when you then have a claim against them for, again, for whatever reason, a lawyer is going to look at this and they're going to say, okay, there's no corporate form. Who is participating? What's their percentages? Even if there's a hundred of them and they all have 1%, that's who's going to get sued. That's who's going to be dragged into court. And I'm ignoring the whole aspect of the anonymous component and  You can form a C Corp in Colorado. If we can create a state recognized entity as a DAO that then affords that entity, the liability protections that a company would, that would mitigate that sort of precedent setting case and would nip all this in the body. I don't think that's gonna happen. My firm's kicking around.  fascinating to most people because I think that they look at these DOWs and they say, oh, it's decentralized. One, sometimes they're actually not decentralized, but I think the hope is that you can actually build decentralized technology. And so how do you look at the balance between the promise of the decentralized kind of autonomous organization within a legal structure? Does the legal structure kind of mitigate or almost like  the corporate rat thing and now there is something to go after. But I would argue that when that doesn't exist, we're going back to that general, that GP kind of connotation. And the example where it was you and me 50-50, it's actually a little bit worse than that, in that we're jointly and severally liable. So if they can get ahold of both of us, then you and I are each 50-50, whatever our ownership is responsible.  civil lawsuit, they thems target and they are comp if they're the only ones w So that I think that is, t that people don't quite h you did. How does pseud or anonymity play into thi  get uncovered then the conviction sticks to them? How does that work? That is a really good question. I'm actually a Gitcoin kernel mentor for their Block 2 program and we had a big conversation yesterday with all of the fellows. The answer to that is, one, you certainly could delay the inevitable being synonymous or fully  hacker extraordinaire and you cover all your tracks, you know, eventually with enough resources, and I would argue the US government has enough resources, they will pierce that anonymity. Where the sort of delay comes in is when you then back down from that and you're looking at civil rights and you've got attorneys who are, you know, maybe suing, I don't know, something like a sushi swap or a unit swap. Like the anonymity  But that's a lot of people will argue that. Nobody knows this or I'm located in the Czech Republic and I've got a company in Mauritius like you know what's the risk and it's like you know that's it's just delaying if something's going to happen it's going to happen. You mentioned Satoshi Nakamoto kind of being a separate case. Explain that a little bit. So I mean I don't think that we're going to see the US government figuring out or at least publicly who's who's going to be  to them to try to piece together what happened at the founding of Bitcoin. And even if they did, I'm not sure how much, what would they accomplish at that point? I honestly don't believe that there would be anything worth that spend of resource. It's definitely the DeFi stuff that is clearly implicating some of the banks receive acts, things that would impute the Patriot Act,  I can't take it down, even if the government comes and puts a gun to my head and no one else can. So it's kind of a fully decentralized, censorship resistant exchange. And then people go on and they start to trade what ends up being deemed illegal securities, whether they are non-accredited investors or there was some issue with the actual securities being offered originally, whatever it is.  Sure. So there's no clear answer to that exactly. I will say that we have a fairly good piece of data with Ether Delta as a decentralized exchange, but they were still able to figure out who was responsible. And that person still had control. And I think control is a key concern here. So if you have a truly decentralized exchange and you put it up there and you literally can't control it anymore,  If they're going to, maybe there's some truly egalitarian and high-minded devs who literally do a fair launch and have no pre-mines, have no tokens. It's just up there, but in reality, most of these have some kind of holdback for themselves. That holdback, the idea that you're going to get an increase in value based on what you held back as far as saying governance token, that absolutely brings the securities  way to affect change. And like, that's really key, like no way to affect change. You know, some of these things are kind of out in the wild, but you get enough of the founders together, they could in theory, tweak stuff, you know, for, and it's not like they're doing anything shady, they want to be able to stick something or something that breaks, but if they don't have that ability, yeah, I think that just releasing that, what does it affect? Basically a piece of code, an AMM that just runs. I think you have a very  got a master plan and over here you've got something like an NFT project and over here you want to make this NFT project function, you have this this AMM that is totally, you know, you want it to run by itself. If you could draw the connection where you need one for the other, you certainly could impute liability that way. What about like decentralized lending? That feels to me like  I see AML and you can be that stuff or is it somethi be worried about? So, I actually think this is where we're gonna see the most, uh, uh, fl I think it's going to be m than a breach of the 33 act both securities law focus. Act is a big deal. It is  Um, and but, but that's, t So bringing it back to th liability and control and idea if, if um, Fin said that, uh, they want to because they aren't followin funds and people, they're they can't. And I think th  So is this something where you think that kind of the reach of the US government will be global and it doesn't matter where you are because they'll use that Patriot Act? Or do you think that US citizens have a different risk profile on the legal side than let's say people who are not US citizens not living in the United States? Well, sure. So primarily on a first impression, US citizens are going to have a far larger risk profile. US companies are going to have a far larger risk profile.  it's all not U.S. and you co residents. You have a go subject to U.S. law, but no residents, not really. U opening in the armor. Th will attempt to assert it will use treaties and the with other countries to ge eventually if they want  say, oh my God, you can't do that. Like there's here are all the reasons why you can't do that. So it's what we're trained to do. And it would have been good advice at the time. But that's an example of where things moved quickly and had enough of an impact where, you know, those concerns didn't materialize, you know, other other things certainly have materialized out of it. But that is an example of the tech shifting over to the window more quickly than the regulations can catch up in a way that regulations will never catch up or could never catch up.  Yes, yes. So it's definitely coming. They definitely understand. Well, they have an idea of what's happening. I think there's very few people, including myself, who actually understands everything. But there are people who are paying attention at every level of government, finance related, terrorism related, espionage related, just policy. People are paying attention. They know this has happened. And I brought up that one client earlier.  that are more valuable than companies that have been around for decades. So I lost my train of thought, sorry. No, no, I think that you're nailing it in the sense of the enforcement, one takes time, you said that a couple of times, and I think that's dead on. I think two is people are paying attention. So they're going to start looking at things that are what they deem to be illegal, wrong, whatever, and they will come after it. But even on top of that,  talking about is money. This is a fundamental new ingredient in this sort of innovation path. Facebook and Google, they weren't involved at the beginning. They weren't involved in money. And money has some connotations around sovereignty and around power that I think is drawing more attention. Probably correct  it'll follow a similar sort of catch-up pattern that you described. Yeah. Before we get into the rapid fire questions to wrap up, I just want to kind of give you the floor of like, what's the key pieces of like, almost like blanket advice, right? So not legal advice to anybody, but just as people want to build in this industry, what are those things that they should be considering? What should they be doing to make sure that they're at least positioning themselves to not do it really dumb low hanging fruit stuff that they can easily avoid?  Uber, there are some fundamental things that if they just, I guess there's some aspects that if they talked to a lawyer first, they would be able to more efficiently and effectively address maybe the bigger issue, which does take more of a leap of faith. But I mean, so one of our clients, you know, they didn't bother to check whether or not there was a trademark for the company they founded, and they did an ICO.  involved at the product market fit stage. And with the caveat that maybe the whole overarching object is a little bit outside the lines, but you can smooth some of the smaller obvious things. You can devote more time to the changing of that opportunity window would be a big part of it. Yeah, that's a great way to look at it, the big picture and the small picture. I asked every person the same three questions that you'll get to ask me when to finish up. The first is when  To me, it's almost like the equivalent of Das Kapital in Marx, like just coming up with an entirely different view on economics. I mean, that's how fundamentally different it is and how important it is. And I think everybody, everybody should be with it. Yeah, that's a great suggestion. Second one's more personal. This comes from the folks over at 8 Sleep. They've got this thermal regulation bed, which basically makes it super cold for you so that  Like when I was describing getting into the crypto space, it's certainly been an advantage because I can just go. But it's not sustainable. I'm constantly trying to get better sleep, get more sleep, change my sleep cocktail that I need to take. It's been a lifelong fight and it has not been a fun one. Do you sleep in like a cold room or on a cold bed or anything?  I look, I've heard a lot of people obviously asking this question, say a lot of crazy shit. I've never heard it was a binaural beat. So I know that you're an expert if that's one of the things that you've tried. Third question is a little bit more fun. Aliens, are you a believer or a non-believer? I think statistically, mathematically, you've got to be a believer. I do not believe that we've been visited and I'm not convinced that we ever will make contact given the size of space and the time  and professionally. And the more adoption I see, the stronger my belief in all of this goes. And as those beliefs get more and more ingrained, it sort of has skewed my media and my news consumption. I've basically stopped listening to music. I listen to podcasts like yours, like Hidden Forces. We all ask that allocation in podcasts. And for the most part, the hosts of the show and the guests, all kind of just reinforce  the surveillance capitalism and what you get fed and stuff. And I got to imagine that to you that this has got to be an order of magnitude, larger issue being with all of your evangelicalism and Bitcoin bringing it to the masses and who you talk to. So that was a really long build up. But my question is, how do you check to see if you're in an echo chamber? And as a corollary, is there anyone that you've had on the show that has  corporate adoption, central bank adoption. There's a couple of things that I watch and if something was to happen, I would definitely like, oh, wait a second. That's a red flag. If you had a dashboard and an alert went off, it says something's wrong. Then you go investigate it. That's just on a passive basis. I actually enjoy going and talking to people. I'm less of somebody who's like, let me go read the latest hit piece on Bitcoin or whatever.  But what's so fascinating to me is you very quickly understand not just what somebody believes, but how deep their conviction in what they believe, right? And I think that the level of conviction, especially when you're talking to very intelligent people, is almost just as important as what they're saying. So it's like, believing something's great, believing something, and then having deep conviction is even better. And so I think that that's kind of how I really look through it. In terms of people coming on the podcast,  And the last thing I would say is I try to get out of the Bitcoin, anti-Bitcoin, that's too much of a macro thing. And I think that that's a little bit misleading because actually I have yet to meet somebody who just writes off the entire system. Somebody may say, hey, look, I understand the technology and I think the technology is real, but I don't think it's going to be successful because I think the government will crack down on it. And so I think that's a good thing.  Like the more micro you want to talk about, the harder it is to find somebody who disagrees because in order to understand the micro, you've got to have gone pretty far down the rabbit hole, which means that you probably believe. So that's kind of how I think about it. Interesting. Cool. I have to say, I'm a little disappointed. I was hoping you were going to ask at some point. I used to ask everybody on the show almost like,  and pathogens is completely, I am able to study is a travesty. I actually wrote ainar about, entitled schedule one is a crime against humanity. So that's first and foremost, and that has been both mine and my firm's primary thesis for a while. But then more into the spirit of the podcast, I would completely revamp the accreditation standards for accredited investors. It would no longer be a finance based, a wealth based  actually thought that was pretty common sense. So the fact that none of that's happened yet seems like maybe we need some more people with common sense in the regulatory and legislative bodies. Well, it's going to happen. Time is inevitable and people who were crypto native are going to be in power and probably starting in real numbers in 10 years. Hopefully it doesn't take that long. But you'll see the change in the guard.  a lot of the legal analysis and kind of this legal battle frankly, that's gonna play out in the decentralized world. So hopefully people won this peak their interest, but also too, they understand like, hey, look, if you're gonna go play in this world, make sure you had a good lawyer. So thank you so much and we'll have to scan the future. Yeah, absolutely. I'd love to come back on and talk anytime this was not a fantastic time.