 What's up guys, bang, bang. This video is brought to you by PrimeXBT. They are a crypto trading platform that has an excellent award-winning environment for margin trading. If you want to go check out their crypto trading, be sure to check out their copy trading module, which allows you to replicate the trades of the most successful traders with a proven track record. If you're interested, you can register with the link below and you can get a 50% deposit bonus.  in the late 90s covering derivatives, but then I got put to mutual funds. And so I wrote for a newsletter there and then I wanted to go on the other side of the keyhole. So I went to PR for a while. I was jealous PR people seem to have a seat at the table. Like you get to the big table quicker in PR and I went there and you do. You meet a lot of higher ups and it's interesting. And so I did PR and then I got a job at Bloomberg and PR, which was exciting. Got a little bit interaction with Mike Bloomberg and that was great.  But it was what I needed it. And I got to learn how the terminal was made and they put me in the funds data area, because I had that background. So I spent 15 years helping to build the Bloomberg funds database, but I was able to use some of my communication skills in interesting ways down there. And so part of that led to getting data better, articulating why trends were happening in the data and becoming like an analyst. And then ETFs were something that was rising around 2005, 2006,  we do like McNugget maybe three little notes a week. If you added up our monthly production, it would look like one of those reports, but we just put them out quickly. And if we're lucky, they get on Top Go, they get some reads and it's really premium content for the terminal clients. And then we try to brand it and market it. We do what we have a podcast, we do some TV hits. And then that's essentially the job. It's quality production and getting your name and brain making noise about what you wrote. You have to sort of do that on your own. And that's sort of what we spend our week doing.  the main person covering that area when Eric went over to research for the most part. Eric made that jump and then I was the one maintaining the database on the data side. Basically, anybody looking for information on ETFs, we were maintaining that information. Then Eric pulled me over to join him on the research side of things and I worked with him and actually Mike McGloan, who is our commodity strategist. In 2017, I had personal interest in crypto, I had been following it for a little bit of time.  trust from Grayscale and Bitwise and other things.  Anybody can buy it. And ETFs in particular, because they trade on brokerage platforms. So just like you can buy Microsoft, they even see them on the tickers on CNBC as well. And so I remember when Bill Gross came out with his ETF, he said it so it was his mom could buy it. So there's a lot of democratization, but the convenience, I mean, crypto is probably an ultimate example of the convenience that an ETF could bring to it. But like even the S&P 500, you know the stocks.  to do it. But people do lose their passwords, as it's very evident. I mean, there's, I know plenty of people I talk to who think there's no reason to have a Bitcoin ETF, but I also talk to even more people who want nothing more than to have a Bitcoin ETF so they can hold Bitcoin in their retirement accounts and whatnot. And then versus private funds, I mean, the private funds are only available to accredited investors. So that very vastly limits the population that can get access to these things in this manner. Nothing is stopping anyone from creating a Coinbase account and getting access  password. But is that true, though? Is that correct? Yeah, I think that it's a little misleading in the sense of the short answer is nobody knows for sure. In that specific article, I think they accounted for a lot of the early Bitcoin that hadn't moved in 8, 9, 10 years as being lost. And every once in a while, all of a sudden, one of the wallets will become active again to suggest that obviously, somebody has control of it.  idea of thinking of remembering passwords, I sometimes struggle to get in like LinkedIn sometimes, like what password I use for this. But I will say that the general idea, and again, it goes back to convenience, I use the gold ETF. You could buy gold, but people don't want to pay for this to insure it or secure it in their house. If you have a safe, you can go the whole nine yards. And there are people who should. I mean, some people get a little touchy with the Bitcoin ETF concept, but I'm like, no one's saying you can't  two hours to get to a billion dollars. Might have to a little bit faster than that. So maybe let's start with James. Let's evaluate not so much the investing merit or argument, but more so just market structure-wise, the current products in the public market. And so the three that come to mind immediately are the grayscale Bitcoin Trust, the Bitwise crypto top 10 index, and then the 3IQ publicly traded, I think  pretty big as well. And then you said QBTC in Canada, also very big. So those are definitely the main ones we're watching. But we're, we have a, if you have a terminal, you can see some of this stuff. I'll tweet about it. But we're monitoring this constantly, looking at the flows, looking at the assets, looking how much trading is happening, these things. But the market structure is such that we truly believe that the fact that these are operating the way that they are operating should be a reason the SEC should be considering launching ETF. So what happens here is,  OTC or over the counter. And the problem here is that that price where they trade over the exchange could be vastly different from the underlying value of the holdings you're getting. So for example, ETHG, the Ethereum trust was trading over 200% in December. It's now trading at 3%. So you're seeing these massive swings in the price of these actual trusts that are not in line with that way you have Ethereum. So basically, as Ethereum balloon from December into January, I don't know what the exact percentage is, but it's almost $1,600 now.  It's sort of like the flux capacitor in Back to the Future. It really is how ETFs work so well. And they really tap into the power centers and market makers of Wall Street. So they're able to arbitrage. And so arbitrage sounds like a dirty word to a lot of people, but it's really beneficial. And ARB is really channeling the self-interest of people to make money to help it have a price close to the NAV. Because if it veers away, it'll get ARB. That constant ARB is great because if you're  And the other thing is this for the SEC and the GBTC issue, I think they had a better case to ignore it when it had like a billion dollars. And it was like, yeah, it's this tiny little thing over there. But we just did the math. GBTC, if it were an ETF, would be in the top 1% in volume, assets, and flows. So, and this isn't even trading on any exchange. And so people are finding it, some people think it's an ETF. And we just think that at this point, now it's become like a big reason  happens is if I go and I invest at Nav in the private placement, I put in a million dollars. They go, they buy a million dollars with a Bitcoin. I got a million dollars of shares. I have to hold it illiquid for 6 to 12 months, depending on the vehicle. Then once my illiquid hold period expires, I can then go sell it in the public market. When I do that, that's where you're experiencing all kinds of volatility on that premium to the Nav. Is that ultimately because there is no destruction function or  So even if we created enough shares to meet demand so the price fell in line directly with the NAV today, there's that six month, 12 month lockup. So the shares don't actually meet that demand. Whereas an ETF, the shares would be created and then they're available to trade that day. And what happens is the market makers are going to constantly be creating or destroying shares to keep that price in line. So if the price is higher, they're going to sell the price by the NAV and vice versa.  really judge them for it because at least it's a way to trade Bitcoin in a way. That's how much people are dying for this convenient wrapper. And I know some people who are really smart, I can't say their names, but they know crypto and they use this. So if they're using it, knowing all of this in full knowledge, I think that speaks to the demand. It also speaks to the fact that they're just OK to stomach that. And by the way, the premium could work in your favor. There are times when you could just get an extra 20 percent return because the premium went up.  thing on top of that? Yeah, so I will say Bitwise is actually in the process of getting their own Bitcoin trust. So right now they have the Bitwise 10. So they're trading OTC. We don't know the ticker yet for the Bitcoin version, but that should be coming online at OTC in the next few months or month or two. The other thing I would say is, as Eric pointed out, GBTC, Grayscale, all these guys are doing the best at what the SEC is allowing them to do. They're trying to give this access. If we're up to Grayscale, I'm sure they would have launched an ETF already.  financial ecosystem. If you want an on-ramp, this is the way to do it. If you're a mutual funder ETF, you want to access the Bitcoin, GBTC is the easiest way to do it. We've seen it at Cathie Wood from ARK. This is how she got access. If you have a brokerage account and you have an IRA or retirement account, you want to get access to Bitcoin, I've read about other ways that you can do it, but the easiest, simplest way to do it is buying GBTC. That's evidence why there is a premium. You could argue there's a premium for a reason, whether it's the convenience or the ability to get access in this way. We don't want to sound like  forward and decide to do it. They kind of have a little bit of a conundrum here on who to approve first, because if you approved a Bitcoin ETF that wasn't them, you're probably going to have that premium. Just people would exit that fund, go into the new ETF, and anyone who was just not aware of what's going on would definitely lose money and like GameStop style in that one. So that's where they probably need to, I guess if I was running the SEC, I would probably allow them to convert at the same time, but then that's not fair, because then all the  ETF industry right now where advisors are literally selling, they'll move into one ETF because it's a couple basis points cheaper. That 10% means a lot. If you go to Europe, they have ETNs and ETFs over there that use the arbitrage mechanism, and they're pretty good. The percent premium and discount looks to be about 1% up or down. That's using Europe and that's an ET. You imagine US market makers, I would estimate maybe you were looking at 50 basis points.  time  it, but I'm in your camp. I think they will eventually. Got it. Maybe let's talk a little bit just about why is the SEC not approved in ETF so far? Is it something that has to do with price, has to do with fake volume, has to do with they just don't want to be the SEC commissioners that are on the hook when an ETF gets approved? What's the understanding there? It's honestly all of the above.  the underlying market. I just, I can't get behind them saying that after what we just saw with GME. Really? That never happens in stocks. Yeah. I mean, the amount of manipulation that happens in regular markets, the fact that that's a reason to deny this is just crazy to me. The other thing they talk about is the real versus fake volume, which I'm sure anyone who's involved in the crypto space has probably seen Bitwise presentation, but if not, they basically make the case that 95% of the volume and Bitwise  Again, I push back and I say, you're not worried about that with fixed income products. Not to get too far down the financial hole, but in March, we saw bonds that didn't trade for weeks and days. We saw funds with NAVs basically saying what these bonds were worth completely divergent from what some of the other things we're trading at because they simply hadn't traded. If they're worried about accurate NAVs, then they need to do something about fixed income NAVs as far as I'm concerned. Then the other thing, yeah, that's really it. It's all of that, but it comes back to oversight and manipulation.  There's a product that I find I keep thinking about besides GLD that the SEC approved, which is ASHR. It attracts China A shares, which for a time you could not get. In fact, the ETF was approved when the only way to get A shares was through like a broker in Hong Kong. And so the premiums and discounts were pretty wide on this thing. They were upwards of five, 6%. And then the Chinese government halted shares. Like you talk about a market that you could manipulate, the Chinese government can just shut things down, you know, whenever they're in the market.  matters. But it's all related to my opinion PR, there was a big ETF called xiv. I don't know if you I'm sure you held it and you had fun trading it back in the day. Maybe you didn't. But a lot of people bought that it was inverse vix futures. And it had it went down like 90% in two days. And it was a big thing that was in the New York Times, target managers were trading it, it was sort of like the GameStop incident. And that I think spooked them as well as approving a bunch of three x ETFs over the years. So I think the application for the  on Wall Street or at some of these financial institutions in terms of maybe Bitcoin and crypto in general, and then also specifically folks who are waiting for the ETF to get approved maybe before they actually get the exposure that they're seeking.  The other side of this is some of the demand in these products also has to do with the way the structure is laid out. I've talked to multiple clients who are institutions that are investing in these things. Some obviously investing because they believe long-term. A lot of them both because they believe long-term, but also because they want to take advantage of those premiums I talked about. What they'll do is they might create shares in some of these trusts. They'll hedge out the underlying exposure and basically all they're doing is betting on that premium and hoping that in six months, they can sell and all of a sudden,  Obviously, all of the public market exposure that we're talking about here is on regulated exchanges based in the United States. And really, it would come from the SEC approval and all the market structure surveillance, all the things that we've talked about and we know go on in these regulated markets. But Bitcoin and other types of cryptocurrencies, there's a almost shadow public market. What I mean by that is simply you can go on Coinbase, Gemini, BlockFi, Kraken, Binance, FTX, whatever the  in the near stock exchange, NASDAQ, whatever. Do you guys have any thoughts or any insights in terms of, are there Wall Street investors who are looking at some of these exchanges in the crypto-native world saying, hey, look, that's a new version of public market exposure, or does it feel like most of them, either because of regulatory oversight concerns or security or whatever, they're just sticking to the main US-based regulated exchanges where stocks trade alongside some of these other vehicles that  are currently.  And then there's advisors. Some people call them institutions, I would not. And those have, the dollar amount changes, but I believe somewhere in the ballpark of 25 trillion, that's who this is for. Because when we look at ETF assets, the top level of those institutions, most of them only use ETFs for liquidity purposes. Like they'll use SPY as something they can buy or sell real quick, like a pseudo futures contract, something that's liquid and easy to get in and out of. But for long term, they'll usually buy it on their own.  people are probably already buying Bitcoin on their own. I don't know James, do you have any comment on that? But I just wanted to sort of clarify and that advisor level, by the way, Bitwise just did a survey, although it's in their self-interest. I think the numbers are close to this, like 63% said they would rather have an ETF. And that was like, I think only 16% said direct. So that gives you an idea of that level. They really like the convenient aspect of it and the way it would just fit right in a portfolio like a puzzle piece with the rest of their ETFs and funds.  What is it, under a billion? It's about a billion. Yeah. So you probably have a little institutional dabbling in that. But if you've got a Bitcoin ETF, I'd imagine you'd see this thing trade $5 billion a day, at least the one. One of them usually gets chosen as like the one. And that's why they're all in a race. Because if you're the one in this case, this is the biggest race for an ETF prize I've ever seen in my life. You know, I use the metaphor of the movie The Cannonball Run. I don't know. I'm Gen X. I'm not sure if you know that movie, but it's like a  Here's what happens with all ETFs. The first one that gets approved is probably going to charge, let's just say, 1.5%. It's going to get a bunch of volume. In the case of gold, the biggest one, GLD, has 70 billion. The second biggest one has 31 billion. The second biggest one is IAU. It's pretty good. It charges 25 bips, whereas GLD is 40 bips. Usually, the liquid one has pricing power. It doesn't need to cut fees. The new guy comes in, and we call it vanguarding, the category, by coming in cheap.  the bull of them actually this launched the guy who launched this state street who launched GLD actually launched like a mini version that's super cheap basically. So they don't take away from the money they're getting on GLD. They have one that charges, I think it's around 15 basis points or something like that. So there's all these games that are being played and the same thing's kind of happened in the trust space. So I mentioned Bitwise is launching a fund that's going to compete with GBTC. Their expense ratio they're saying is going to be about 1.5%. Grayscales is 2%. Earlier last month we saw Osprey  kind of ETF world, people literally launching multiple ones and almost competing with themselves as a way to kind of continue to get more and more market share.  didn't hurt the cash cow over here. And since then, in the clone area, they've now they're in a fee war. That's pretty intense. Schwab gets involved. And all of a sudden, the fee war of ETFs that's become pretty famous kicks in. So I would imagine some of that would happen in the Bitcoin world as well. Although at a higher level, I'm not expecting a 10 basis point Bitcoin ETF anytime soon. Yeah, it makes sense. Before we go to wrap up, I ask everyone the same three questions. I've never done it with two people. So we'll, I'll just kind of throw it out there and we'll fire away.  It's all he wrote. He shoved the book under his bed and then he committed suicide So it's this book that got taken and it's brilliant. I can't believe they've made a movie about it yet But it's a real fun funny book about just it's just a great character. And then the other one is Bob Dylan's Chronicles It's basically a book that takes place from his childhood until right when he hit in 1963 with blown in the wind it ends right there but it's really his life in New York as a you know, 20 at 18 year old and just how he  Blood by John Carreeroo, which talked about what happened with Elizabeth Holmes and I'm blanking, but it's Theranos. And you just saw the absolute fraud that happened under everyone's noses. And that really just opened my eyes to like how easily manipulated and manipulatable things can be. So I love that book and I couldn't get enough of it. So I'll go with that one as a recent read. Awesome. Okay, second question.  I try my best to get eight. I have this mathematical theory. It's a formula that I think should be, it's my equals mc squared. If you're well rested, two hours feels like one. If you're tired, one hours feels like two. I swear to God, that should be put into science books because, and the key for me is I need about seven, at least seven to get well rested. So I try to get to bed before 10, 15, as 10, 30, 11 hits, then I get the second wind.  out. Um, so my sleep pattern has definitely, I need to solidify it. It's a problem for my, but I, if I don't get, I can function on six hours for a couple of days, but if I don't get another like nine hour day or seven and a half hour day after that, at some point I, I just don't function properly and it hurts my work and just everything. So yeah, I was one of these people who barely slept. I was flying all around the country doing all this crazy stuff. And then eventually I started to sleep. I was like, Oh wow, this is what it feels like. Like being well-arrested kind of Eric's point.  that I don't know I'm skeptical I'll say that I think you're right in that they one they exist but two is I like the theory that like they're so far away from us and everything that you see in the sky is you know millions of years old or whatever so like we'll just never get to that right we'll never communicate we'll never actually reach them but the odds from a