 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com  Walk us through kind of your journey in the military and then kind of transitioning out what you're doing today. Well, at the risk of coming off with what seems like false humility, while a lot of people claim least likely to be here, I am pretty sure I could compete very well in that space. I'm the oldest of six kids, grew up in the Philadelphia area, and all the kids were progressively smarter than me. And again, it sounds like false humility, but it's doctors, lawyers.  for me. Um, and as I hit West Point between my sophomore and junior year, um, it just impressed me that I needed. I went back home and literally told my mother, I need this place. And she put it, she was my biggest supporter, but she thought, no, there's no way you're going to correct yourself. And I say, the first thing I need to do is, uh, I'm in Catholic school. The nuns will never believe it. I need a bump from Catholic school into private school. I get a haircut and start doing the right things. And that literally, and I look back because I had just such an  or a historic moment in our military, and I've happened to have been there. I hook or crook. In that timeframe in the four decades, I have been married to the same great woman for 36 years. While we've been locked in for COVID for the last year, we've discovered that the secret of our longevity is that I was gone most of that time. So she's even more revered for having put up with me for all  experience, you were able to really experience a number of different situations, both foreign and domestic. And when I asked for questions on Twitter, one of the main topics is just kind of the wars in the Middle East, right? So Iraq, Afghanistan, maybe kind of just give us a quick lay of the land in terms of your evaluation of just where are we with those and kind of what are the things that people should be paying attention to or talking about today as we look at kind of the wars that we're currently engaged in.  and I'm to blame, right? I'll accept that, that I was not part of the solution. First of all, I think it's too cliche and it's very easy for politicians to disparage endless wars when reality is, it's kind of like the old theory, if you don't know where you're going, any path will get you there. But in some of these cases, we didn't have a strategy for war termination, for what it was going to be like at the end, or at least what we wanted to be like. And we fumbled, Afghanistan was sort of righteous, we got attacked from there,  and I don't mean this in any way political, we've had an end date instead of an end state type approach. And so across multiple administrations, we have anchored a hard date that we're done by this date. Well, what's that do for your Abisur? Well, just tells them, hang in there. The United States will lose patience and then they'll leave. And in every case we've emboldened them. So we have mucked along like this for 20 years now, specifically for Afghanistan. And it annoys me.  for endless wars or these situations where we're putting our kids in harm's way, literally with skin in the game. But that's very, again, it's easy for that to be played off in political discussions as, oh, those generals who want war. I was a colonel when I went to war in Afghanistan for the first time, and then you're a rose to my ultimate rank. Yeah, it's one of these things where I always tell folks, and most of people on the podcast, though, but for those that don't, I served in Iraq for a year.  side effects of doing something like that be? And then I guess, you know, fully understanding that it's a complex issue, but just kind of how do you think we get out of those two wars, if at all possible? Yeah, I probably should have started with and I'll state now that everything I'm saying is my opinion. Interesting phenomenon in the United States these days, you have a lot of former generals and admirals who are very prominent. It's bred to rabid thoughts, you know, go figure on either side of the spectrum that we should keep our  about could we pull the plug? And here's the other, I tell this to actually folks in the private sector now, here's the problem with being a military professional thrown into one of these conflicts. We desperately want to win for the nation. So we're way too close to the problem. We probably are the most myopic bunch out there that, hey, we're making progress. We want to see progress everywhere. I mean, the most refreshing thing for me to see in Kabul when I was back there the year 2012 to 2013, the entire year in charge of special operations  from a military standpoint, we've done a little or nothing to really get at the ideology. And so if you pull the plug, I think that Afghanistan will trend badly to become a sanctuary again for bad people who will actually be celebrating that they defeated us much like they defeated the Russians or the Soviet Union back in the day. And you should expect more of it to come at us. So what should be the end state is some sort of sustainable security where you and I never have to worry about working  is that we never get surprised again like we did at 9-11. Yeah. And obviously, about this entire conversation, there's so much nuance, there's so much complexity. We're going to spend about an hour and a half talking. So for those that are listening, just bear with us as we move from topic to topic. And please don't assign any malice if we skip over something. It's more so just us trying to get everything in. General, talk a little bit about just technology on the battlefield. Obviously, having the seat that you sat in from the special operations side, usually,  I don't know why that's an epiphany for some folks that we have to rediscover that. And so I was blessed by working with teammates who were always trying to come up with new, better ways to gain that tactical technological advantage. Constantly, the hardest thing to do, and actually the PIRI Rosen rank was to harness the good thought fairy and say, okay, money's into that program, but with some sort of agility to springboard elsewhere when something new or better came up, and then to be able to scale it to the entirety of our force.  So it is, you know, it was very refreshing to see how they understand the technology can implement it. It is incredibly frustrating, even more so for me now that I'm out of the military, on how inept the department is in leveraging the technology that's available. For all the things I just described, if it's thrown into the milieu of the Department of Defense and its programming approach and acquisition approach, that's a five-year, seven-year, at least acquisition cycle. And you know how fast tech is changing inside that  in unmanned area vehicles. How has that evolved over time and how do you evaluate where we are today with that? You talk about technology that was turned on us a little bit. If you'll remind me later on because I was as myopic and dawdling as anybody else in service until I had the epiphany moment with courtesy of Eric Schmidt and it's been written about, but I'd like to come back on that. But the drone piece, it was fascinating in that early on in places where we didn't  shot if we thought we had any collateral damage in terms of innocent civilians in the mix. But we leveraged that stuff to a great extent. Where I say it was turned back on us, I was out in the city of Mosul, Iraq in 2015 or 2016. And Mosul was my hometown for 15 months from September 07 to December 08. And in this time frame in 1516, ISIS was now taking DJI quadcopters and equipping them with little 40 millimeter  for them. And think of this, we had air superiority. Every pointy nose fighter in the world was above us to provide us that sort of air cap. But underneath that, you had off the shelf technology that was wreaking havoc for us and caused us to do a complete turnaround. That is only the precursor for swarming unmanned technology in the future. And this is not just a war zone challenge. This is a New York City challenge. This is a Philadelphia challenge. This is any city that's out there that some yay who wants to leverage that technology.  So kind of just the ability to use software to become smarter, to analyze data, more predictability to it. What's your evaluation of where we are there? Yeah, and you've actually, you're a great straight man. Excuse me. You've got me back on the one epiphany moment I had. About a month after I took over SOCOM, I was very busy as the JSOC commander before that, the Joint Special Operations Command for those run acquainted, phenomenal command that I really did not want to leave. It was the best job I ever had, but I got pushed up to  in the command, I get this coterie of people descending on SOCOM. They spent a day with us and at the end of the day, we're riding down Bayshore Boulevard, not too far from my home here in a typically black suburban, right? And Eric Schmidt felt compelled to give me a report card on special operations. And in short order, and not lacking any confidence, he said, you're people, you're amazing people. I thought, check, if you took nothing else away, incredible talent. He said, you prototype pretty effectively. And we had taken him to our softworks facility where we try to do  which is with advanced algorithms, he might have sent quantum computing, but about that time I was ready to kick him out of the car because I thought, oh, you're so arrogant. How could you not understand the complexity of what we do? Luckily, Admiral McRaven engaged him because it allowed me to think for a moment and it smacked me in the head that, oh, he's absolutely right. What Google, what these companies are doing in terms of applied machine learning is absolutely apropos to almost everything. I can't think of any exceptions, to be truthful, of what we do in the military  How do you arrange that? Because most importantly, and this is where I think for all those that are opposed to leveraging and enabling AI, we've had the luxury for the last 20 years of not having to make, for the most part, time-sensitive, compressed decisions under incredible duress. Our future adversaries are not going to give us that luxury. In fact, they are hell-bent on getting AI. Putin has said he who gets it first wins to be able to make the most rapid decision-making  you know, a threat for, you know, that you will rue the day. You won't have the chance to rue the day, you'll be gone. What's so fascinating to me is there's kind of like how effective is the technology? How would we apply it? And then ultimately, how do we almost go through the governance of the technology, right? Who gets to take the shot? Is there a human override? Do we trust the software? How accurate is it? What's the efficacy? All that kind of stuff. Another technology. And there's an event that I encourage everybody to get online and look at. DARPA, you know, who's a native,  an AI-enabled craft that beat them five out of five times. And you can see this, you can find this on YouTube. It's at the end of the session. So if you want to cut to the chase for that video. And so the takeaways were clear. This AI in a dogfight scenario, if we think we're going to be in those kinds of scenarios in the future, is a considerable technology. What I was, I shouldn't have been surprised because it's human nature on the backside was essentially the pilot  you're beholden to your current craft, your current platform. Do you want your kid to go up against an AI, airplane, missiles, whatever it might be in the future with the technology that we're leveraging now? And the answer is clearly not. Then when are you going to do that leap ahead to have that capability where we're going to reduce the threat, which is kind of an American ideal, but also be at the fore of this technology? And folks have used the nuclear analogy  life. Let's just send the robot army out and we'll kind of trot them out and they'll do a great job and hopefully they don't turn against us. What's the evaluation of where we are on the robotics side? Unfortunately, again, for every place you trot out robots with a solution or unman as a solution, there is a man lobby that's, hold on for dear life against that. And you think of the number of things that have changed over time where I got to believe it's inevitable, but you got to overcome that obstacle. But I think the most constructive way  to adapt and go forward. Too much of it, I mean, the DARPA situation I described was extraordinary in that they took the gloves off. It was a dog fight and the Air Force was beaten badly, but we didn't come on the backside and say, okay, how do we get that company or that technology into the force as soon as possible? So I think the department needs to embrace and not chase technology. That was one of the lessons we learned  The Google experience with Maven I thought was really cathartic for, you know, for, for DOD because you already had the Google workforce, at least a portion of it saying, well, whoa, we don't want anything to do with, you know, drone warfare and this sort of national offense, get us out of this. And Google, they didn't, people have mistakenly said they bought, they, they complete their contract. They just didn't go on to the next phase. It was picked up by somebody else. Interestingly, who's back in business more, you know,  but there's not any shortage of companies that want to be involved in solving these wicked problems. Yeah, when we talk about innovation kind of on the battlefield and within the military, one of my favorite stories is, and I don't know exactly how accurate every single detail here is, but the general story is that the Rhino, for those that don't know, is basically a box that has got a set of heat that comes out of it, and it's extended out in front of vehicles, and it's there to kind of defeat infrared type  details. There is this debate between can the innovation come from people who are actually in uniform, who have the experiences and kind of have the ground truth and knowledge versus folks who have the technology experience and they can come look at the problem set and then develop the solutions. What was your experience kind of in the military in terms of innovation happening internal versus external? And how do you kind of look at the balance between those two things moving forward? Yeah, I would be suspect of any initiative that was started at the higher level.  of the trade at the tactical level with our, with the technologists, the acquisition experts to really get that symbiosis for technological development. The harder part though, and I mentioned earlier is with all that going, SOCOM is 75,000 strong across the planet. A lot of great individual problem solving going on. How do you identify absolute leading edge technology, tactics, techniques and procedures as you and I would call back in the day,  and I didn't do it to drive them nuts. And some would call it the old directed telescope. But on any given day, and I tried to get away from my headquarters as much as possible. I didn't like sitting in an office and we had people in 80 different countries around the world, a lot of them in harm's way. So I'd spent a lot of time on the road, but I couldn't always be there. So in the morning, if I read a situation report that said, hey, pump and his guys yesterday just crushed it in this, and when I say crushed, people always think I'm saying kinetic. It could have been the greatest humanitarian assistance effort, it would ever.  buzz of man, what if, you know, these are our teammates. Don't you love being part of this organization? But I would always have this one question loaded for him at the end of the day and say, hey, is there anything I can do from up here on Mount Mount Olympus, Mount SOCOM, to help you do your job better in the future? And every decent team leader had that that answer ready. Oh, just in case you might ask, and it would invariably be if I only had the gonculator, or if I had these authorities, or if I had whatever. And so I'd say, good, have you asked, have you pushed that request officially up  that, hey, Jeff Bezos is not running Amazon like this. He is running a flat enough situation, a wear enough organization that he knows the pacing items for his organization and he's able to shift resources. And so I would try to get our headquarters, both my headquarters at the macro level, not to sit back wondering what the men need today or the men and women out there need today. And those at the tip of the spear to crush that space down so we actually could provide the resources necessary. We did not,  it was considered to be pretty agile. Yeah. One of the things that you're talking about here is kind of just the efficacy, I think that a lot of these technology firms have had, right? They obviously, they grow because they're efficient both in communication, operations, and the production of whatever the line of business is that they're in. What we've seen in Silicon Valley specifically, and you mentioned a little bit with kind of the Google situation is a fairly polarized population of workers, right? So is there some people who say, I want nothing to do with helping the United States  or doing ourselves a disservice. And so I'm gonna go build a company, I'm gonna go work within kind of government and defense, and I'm gonna go kind of do my part. How do you think we get kind of a little bit more of a centrist view, right? So rather than have kind of that polarized kind of divisiveness, if you will, how do we start to get folks to understand that the public and private sector can work together, kind of do the right things, but it's also not an unchecked power for the public sector and that there is  aware of. Um, so, uh, I th of this that I've read co of years. Trey Stevens th talks to your point that you to do this, but our avisor in this direction. Again, we have any adversaries ou in their netherworld. Um, it's a compelling discus understand the nature of th  but their technology is so compelling that in discussions we've said, you know, this could be integrated in the national security. Have you thought about that? In a couple of cases, I got immediate pushback of, whoa, that wasn't our founder's vision. But then they come back a couple of weeks later and say, hey, we actually would like to do things for the government. How do we get in that space? And there begins the journey. So again, how do we, you know, how many times have you and I read that the paradigm is flipped? DOD used to be the center of growth  that one, they're appreciative of the national security challenges and concerns now and in the future. They want to be more informed about it. And the majority of them who have technology that's apropos to it are interested in how do I help? And of course, there's the pragmatic aspect of making a dime or two on that, but that's not where the money is. That's part of the problem is the companies that are successful for the most part have serious, serious private sector success  the same five threats that are captured right now with the new administration are the same five threats that four years ago were presented to a different administration. So in terms of nation states or a variety of logical threats out there, everybody knows, kind of wrote if you're a national security, is China, Russia, North Korea, Iran, and violent extremism. That was a way of describing the Islamic phenomenon that we were dealing with at the time. I think, ironically, back then we  that if they're not an adversary, they're sure behaving in an adversarial fashion. And if you read their literature, they do believe Xi Jinping and others do believe that there is gonna be a meeting engagement sometime down the road here where it won't be ships passing in the night kind of evolution. And it may not be peaceful. That's where, I mean, it beuses to read what the CCP is saying about where they see themselves now and in the future. So I do see China, it's irresistible.  and die off. So I think China's out there. Russia is not going away. And unfortunately, you're seeing it now with Navalny is the joke, which I don't think was said jokingly a couple of years ago and continues to play out is that Putin is not going to go out part vertical. So you've got the power of personalities, whether it's Xi Jinping, Putin, and others, and KJU in North Korea. These personalities are variables that you just have to consider  We're way behind. So if you like, and if you're beholden, as we are from a national defense standpoint on satellite enabled communications, expect that to be the first lights out shot fired in a future conflict, unless we start stepping up the plate and understanding that venue. And then the other part that's pertinent to that is the information space. And that sounds really fluffy, but right now the amount of disinformation that is running around the world,  you know, outrageous kind of edge case type situation. But really what you're talking about here is one, there's a lot more communication infrastructure. There's a lot of companies that are trying to do multiplanetary travel, or they're trying to do now even space manufacturing, you know, look at somebody like Varda. There's all sorts of different technologies, whether it's reusable rockets, or some sort of 3D printed rockets, you just kind of go down the line. There's a lot of innovation happening here. And most of that is happening in the Western world. But when you talk about kind of the vulnerability  that space will not be a contested area. That somehow that was gonna be off limits. We're not gonna do bad things up there. It'll be restricted to normal domains of land, sea, air, et cetera, and cyber. Wrong, wrong, bad assumption, flawed, and has been proven to be flawed. So without even going into classified stuff, just look at open source on what the Chinese and the Russians have already put up there that is not intended to be good. It's not intended to play nicely with others.  Kind of a you know, a linkage budgetary, etc. It's still very much at becoming an Air Force baby even even as listed as a separate department or separate service It's it's not free. It's not running free yet I hope I hope it will eventually but I think I think it's some an area that we absolutely have to have this discussion It's honest discussion. Why do we you know, it's today in Twitter. It's still a little too political on was this just a while ago  that kept coming up on Twitter specifically was around the Capitol building and some of the activities there. I know you've got some thoughts just on kind of the military's role in a lot of domestic activities, right? So that's kind of serving as one exact example, but maybe talk just a little bit about how you see soldiers and other military members and kind of their role, both foreign and domestic and kind of how that's evolving or becoming a bigger focus or more important in their kind of day-to-day  like crap when they came back home. My generation has never had that experience. We've always had yellow ribbons around trees. We've always had thank you for your service everywhere you go. As a SOCOM commander, the most rewarding thing I do now in the private sector is I'm the chairman for a nonprofit that sends our Gold Star kids, the children's of our surviving, of our fallen warriors, our teammates, to college, full rides. We put 41 into college this last year. We put 400 so far, 800  the pop F-35s, et cetera et cetera, nuclear triad to keep you safe against other nuclear threats. It ain't cheap to, you know, to have this, you know, keep this country safe against all threats. We could do it better. We could do it a lot more efficiently. There's a lot of waste in our budget, but it is what it is. But in that milieu and in the context of, hey, we've been in combat for the last 20 years and some people wonder why we're still there, we're about keeping the country safe. We are also for the unacquainted  And I think we're all better from that exposure. We're all exposed to people from other places in the United States, other thoughts and everything that goes with it. And it's one of the more rewarding things.