 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  background is and kind of what you guys do at Zango. Then we're going to get into this Bitcoin and crypto explainer kind of introduction episode. So, Uriel, CEO of Zango, been in tech for way too long on both sides of the aisle, both entrepreneur and an investor, but now as an entrepreneur and building Zango for the past two years, which is an easy crypto wallet for people to invest in the space and sort of all-in-one mobile wallet where you can  this asset is mathematically proven. It's not because people say it is rare. It's because you can actually verify it. Now, the beauty of it is that unlike money, you cannot unlimited without limits print it. And therefore, when you want to know exactly what's happening with a transaction, everything can be proven. You know where it's coming from, you know where it's going to, and the quantity also is limited. So for people  to realize that the money that they have in their pocket does not have necessarily the value that they thought that they had. And so that has attracted them just out of curiosity towards these digital currencies that cannot be printed at will. And so I think this is the first point that needs to be understood about cryptocurrencies. I know this is also near and dear to your heart based on what I heard on all your podcasts. And I think this is something that needs to be understood when you get started.  the weekend, there are post-trading hours in crypto and we all know it, we don't sleep so much. It's never stopped. You need to be ready for that. You need to be ready for a pace of continuous activity. The second thing that you need to be aware of is that in, and we might talk about it a little more later, is in the world of crypto, you need to be very careful with security. Unlike traditional finance, where you have an account where you can reset  is super important. And here is the thing, people will make mistakes because no matter how careful they are, they are not used to deal with security, especially with security related to money. So being very careful in the solution that you use, understanding them is super, super important. Whatever solutions you pick, make sure you understand it fully and especially the limits of it, especially the risk associated to it. And there are risks to every single solution. There is no magic bullet  we've tried to build that Django, which is a system, a wallet, which does not depend on passwords. It's actually the first wallet ever that does depend on passwords. So that's really something very, very important understanding the limit of the system that you are using. I don't know if you want to say something here, but I think it's really an important point. How does a wallet work without passwords? So this is where the magic of multi-party computation can enter  I could show you right now, I have a 3D mask behind me and even those don't work. But basically what it does, it's biometric scan of your face and it looks if you are alive, if you are you. And so only you can access your account. You can associate a trusted face to your account also, so that someone that you trust can also help you recover something changes in your face. But what happens is you just get in with an email, you get in with a magic link like on Slack and you get in with your biometric scan and you get in with your  used to that, but most people are not used to deal with that. And it's a very intimidating, even sometimes frightening step to go through. And most of the time, actually, it's been even a break for most people to get in because they don't know what to do with that. So security really matters, understanding it. If you want to go, you need to understand the limit of it. And then when you go, you go. So you get in, you understand that you have your wallets now, and you can go get  There are ways you can get paid your salary in crypto, and it's happening more and more as you were aware. You can, we, for example, pay many freelancers in cryptocurrencies, and they want that. And so why they want that? It's a different reason, but it's happening. It's way more convenient than sending a bank wire when they are at the other side of the world. So getting paid in crypto is another way. And so there are many ways. Now, if you want to purchase, you can pay  to make sure that once you make the purchase, you invest money that you are not ready to lose, that you are sorry, that you are ready to lose, and you will feel okay about it if that happens because there are risk, risk of volatility. There are risk of things that can go to zero, even though the probability is low. And when you make a first purchase and you see those prices go up and down, it's very easy to panic. It's very easy to not understand that. And that's something that people that are new to crypto  ready for it. So if someone wants to get into crypto, try to actually not do it alone. That's often a tip that we give to people who want to get started. Try to not do that alone so that people can actually reassure you when you do something. And very important, like all the crypto services, good crypto services have great customer support so that they can assist people in those moments of tension, of stress. So being aware of the volatility  send it, you have to verify it three times, four times, you compare your screenshot with the computer because this looks like nothing. And this is awful. This is damn awful. I'm sure at some point those will be resolved. But today this is the case. So you have to be familiar with a public key and no panic there. You just have to look at the address that you're using and make sure that you are indeed sending to that address. Then you have to be aware that blockchain transactions are not instant. Okay, sure.  I have to wait for this transaction to be panning and confirmed once and confirmed twice. And so understanding the concept of confirmation, meaning that behind the scene, there is a process of confirmation operated by a network of miners or computers, or a security process is important so that you don't panic that you've pressed the button cell and you don't see the transaction arriving. It takes some time. This time can actually widely vary. It can take a few minutes. It can take sometimes a few days when the network  You can send your crypto, you understand what is the concept of confirmation. You understand that crypto is not instant and that it can take some time. But now there is a new thing that you need to understand is the concept of fee, transaction fee, right? That's something that is a deep source of frustration in the industry for new beginners. Why? Because we are kind of not used also to that. Like when you, sure bank have used a customer  those fees can widely vary if the network is very congested. It can be a few cents and it can be single digit dollars and sometimes double digit dollars. Like we've seen Bitcoin network fees or Ethereum network fees being so expensive that sometimes they are more expensive than the total amount of money that you want to send. And if you are using, God forbid, a smart contract, like for example, lending money on compound for  Most people discover it sometimes too late. We at Zango, for example, spend an enormous amount of time to explain to people how this works in our customer support. Sometimes it's enough, but many don't feel sometimes they feel that we deceive them. Although it's not our responsibility, and I'm sure most services have the same issue. That's something that is built by design. The worst is on Ethereum, because you have to sometimes when you want to send a near C20 token, a token, you have to pay the gas in Ethereum.  there is to make sure that you smooth that as much as possible. You cannot eliminate it. You cannot pay for it. If you pay for it, you will go bankrupt. Some have tried to do it and they deeply regretted it and went backwards. So you just need to make sure that people understand it as much as possible. So now you understand all of these things. And I think at the end of the day, now you're part of the beginners of the digital economy, right? Now you understand that you  So anyway, I think those are very, very important things. We tend to forget them because we've been so much into it that once we know we do it naturally, it's like a new grammar or new language that you've learned, right? You forget the alphabet and the grammar or when you play music, you forget the scale, you just play. But when you deal with beginners, and I'm sure in the recent bull run, many people have tried to contact you, ask you questions. I got harassed by so many people. What is this?  of tips for people who want to get started. And if you have grandmothers or if you have aunts or if you have friends and family who want to get started in crypto, they should be aware about all of those things. That's a great primer. Why are so many institutions and corporations getting into it? Well, because they also realized the same thing. They realized that if you look at the value of the dollar and its really relative weight and power for the past two years,  So all the institutional players who are exposed to these mechanisms say to themselves, well, what am I doing here? I see my, you know, all my assets basically melting. I cannot let that happen. I need to have something that is uncorrelated to the value of that dollar. And that works by a different kind of logic. And they see this kind of new asset in particular, Bitcoin, that cannot be printed that well, that cruising value,  people like Mark Cuban, they're very negative about about crypto. Basically, you realize that they own some of it. And so you have kind of this wave, you have also all these celebrities that wonder themselves publicly, they should expose to Bitcoin, get exposed to Bitcoin and do right. And so you have kind of this wave of people that start to adopt it. And that's kind of engaging more people to think about it, not to take action, but to think about it. And so you have the, you know, the relative perception  not one company right now in the world that is not having second thoughts about it, that is not discussing their Bitcoin strategy. It would be irresponsible for them to ignore it. It doesn't mean that they will take action, but it's definitely on the table. And so on top of that, you have also the retail market. And it's not a US trend. It's not just a Western development. It's a global trend. Everywhere in the world, you see this kind of  or the bank account has been closed, or because the rails are not functioning well, or because the national currencies is worth nothing. And so we have to remember that we are very lucky in developed countries, but there is an enormous amount of, actually the majority of the world was not so lucky. And so they need something that works. And for them, it's not like a nice to have or an edge, it's an urgent need. It's something that they need yesterday. And so we see this adoption  that has happened recently has been also illustrated by that. And many companies, including us, I've seen our traffic exploded. I think the price of Bitcoin went 3x in two or three months, something like that, or close to 3x. Well, all the servers went also 3x, all the metrics went 3x. And all our sleep has been decreased by 3x too. And everyone has had down times and it's been really a challenge for this industry.  as customers because they have legitimate questions. So it's an industry that is, I think, an inflection point in terms of the nature of the demand that is shaping it. It's no longer early believers, geeks, financial traders, those who have made crypto the first 10 years. We see now two different shapes adding up on top of that, compounding on that industry, which are clearly institutions and not crypto institutions. Institutions who have understood the necessity  milestone you're most interested in?  everyone is waiting is to see how this is going to play out. There is now a new SEC or chairman that has been nominated, which apparently, I say apparently, but to be verified, like in crypto, is crypto friendly, but we'll have to see how the OCC now also is getting organized after Brian Brooks now has departed. And we all know it's very looking forward to the development of crypto. And so  out there, but I'm pretty certain that it's not the last. There will be other type of action of that nature against other projects or against other tokens. And they will be defining. We've seen that they've hit the projects before, like Telegram, that could not go out live because it was stopped, I would say, at the last minute. And the SCC seem to be determined to draw a line. It's not very clear where it is, but to draw one line.  It's not because it is a new law somewhere that says that, it's because they decided that it was a danger for their customers. And they apply it randomly, and it's a real pain for customers, for crypto operators, for customer support, etc. They have no reason to do it. Even worse now, there are texts in the US in particular that allow banks to custody digital assets. There are new rules, especially in a state of Wyoming, that allow banks to  be braver, embrace the change. I'm sure I'm ready to bet that there will be one major bank that will make the move and it will be a major win for them because they will attract the industry to them and they will attract the adopters to them and it will set the pace for the rest of the industry. But unfortunately for now there is this reality. So I really want to see that change and I think what could make that change is also what I said before,  that will be defining to the adoption curve of the industry. Obviously more and more easy solutions for people to use, not just for beginners, but also just for people like us who are very busy and need something very convenient. And I cannot say it enough, people underestimate the power of simplicity and convenience. Those have been unlockers for the digital music business, for the streaming business, for the mobile business.  And the reason is precisely because it's way easier to do it in an exchange than to do it on a decentralized wallet. But I think it's already changing. We see the trend of Bitcoin moving out of exchanges back to wallets. And I think it's going to accelerate in 2021. I think that's a great view on the world. Where can we send people to find out more about Zango? Well, it's very simple. It's zango.com. And on Twitter, it's at Zango. No funky stuff. We managed to get that.  mattresses and I've got one and I'm sleeping like a baby. What's your sleep routine? My sleep routine is dead simple. I turn on the TV. I've got a backlog of great TV shows that I'm watching. The last one that I saw was Ted Lesow, which I highly recommend. And usually I fell asleep in 10 minutes. It works perfect. I love it. I love it. All right. Let's send people to zengo.com or at zengo.com.