 What's up guys, bang bang. This video is brought to you by PrimeXBT. They are a crypto trading platform that has an excellent award-winning environment for margin trading. If you want to go check out their crypto trading, be sure to check out their copy trading module, which allows you to replicate the trades of the most successful traders with a proven track record. If you're interested, you can register with the link below and you can get a 50% deposit bonus.  ticker there. Talk a little bit about your background and how do you get to DigiNex, how do you guys get listed, etc. Sure, happy to. My background is I'm an engineer by Academic Chain, so I'm an Ernesto engineer. I blame Tom Cruise for that, anyone who's seen Top Gun. That was really my introduction to aircraft and planes and everything about aircraft. They really wanted me to be a pilot,  and thought maybe that was actually the career I wanted. And before I knew it, I'd done an internship in the city in London and then graduated, took a job, a company called Tazno, which is now quality immortal, and spent a number of years working there. I've been in traditional finance for about 20 years prior to private crypto and prior to joining Digitex. And that's taken me from London to Tokyo, to Hong Kong, to where I'm currently based.  two decades is quite a long time. And you start to see things change and you start to see what's having an impact in the world and how you can make an impact, and particularly how you can make an impact within an institution and within an industry that really has so much inertia against change. Despite it having a lot of the righteous minds around, there really is a large inertia. And also sort of post the global financial crisis, a slight stigma attached to it.  between what traditional finance is doing and then what's available in crypto. So the opportunity presented itself to move into the crypto space. And I know that you've met Richard and he's been on your show and he's done a great job speaking with him. And he and I worked together. So Richard and I, and the former founder of DigiNet itself, all worked together in Tokyo. We kind of grew up in finance a bit together there. And he'd often talk to me about coming to join him because he'd left and sort of been at the genesis  and infrastructure to a business that kind of needed it. But at the same time, understand where the incumbency in the traditional finance was really holding it back. And so when you think through DigiNex today, how do you kind of outline the business? You guys have done so much. You have so many different products. Just walk us through what the structure of the product suite is. Sure. I mean, when you think about  naturally need to have a custody solution and Digivold is our custody solution that we're extremely proud of, is being recognised and this week was recognised as one of the best custody offerings that's out there on the street. So we have to add that to it. Then we need to think about how do people actually want to transact? Yes, we have a UI and an API feed for people to be able to train on the platform but also they want to do a little bit more than that.  we want to enable them to trade better too. And that's what we've done with DigiNex Access, which is our order management and trading system. And then also around that, we see cryptocurrencies as a subset of the larger digital assets piece. And so looking ahead at where we could go with digital assets and effectively capital structures, looking at how they can use the blockchain technology to do something truly innovative in the future is  price and execution. Got it. And so what I want to spend today talking about is the derivatives business that you guys are building. And you have a very unique view, I think, of derivatives, one from just the importance that it will hold in the industry, but also kind of how to address it as an institutional product and infrastructure. So maybe let's just start with for like the people who don't know, let's just start one on one. Like what is a derivative and why is it important? Sure.  will be futures and options. Now, every day in traditional finance, these trade in ordnance amounts of size and are being used by retail and institutions across the board. I think where we've looked at it is you can't really build an institutional asset class business without understanding that you need the derivatives piece. And really it's about educating not just  how do we give access to all of our customers for that product? There are a number of other derivatives exchanges out there and we're doing it differently from that. We're trying to find that bridge between the two. We have currently futures live on our platform. We will have options trading in the coming months and quarters, but we're going to do something different to some of the other platforms you might know in the drifting space, but also slightly differently from how you might have seen options  leverage. It's a fairly common phrase. You can go onto a crypto exchange and trade 100 leverage future. The reality is that future is not leveraged at all. It's the platform that gives you leverage. Understanding that subtle difference might not impact most people on a day-to-day basis because they see them as one and the same, but there's a very specific difference between a leveraged product and getting leverage on a product. What we want to do is make sure people understand that difference.  you can roughly do the same thing by buying 10 times as many futures with the same amount of capital, but at any point you could reduce that number. So I might not want to have 10 times as much exposure, I could buy 5 or 2 or whatever it might be. And so understanding that you're really in control of how you get exposure and how you take risks is a key thing. And then understanding how we help you manage that in a fair and transparent way. And I think that's one of the fundamental differences. In terms of relying  What we want to do is provide that marketplace and a utility. Really, it's about how we educate people to use these products properly, but then also how we ensure that when they are using them, they're doing it in a safe way. Talk through why somebody would use this. I know that you guys think a lot about risk management, you think a lot about capital efficiency, but just explain those a little bit more and walk me through  you can go onto a number of different exchanges and buy some Bitcoin. You could do it even off an exchange. You can hold it in a wallet. We've already talked a little bit about the custody piece, so that piece is already in place. Now, I guess the difference that we want to talk about is when you combine both a derivatives exchange and a spot exchange together, and you understand that people are looking at that holistically, I might own some Bitcoin, but I might have reviewed it in the short term. As we're seeing right now, you might get a small correction in the price,  actual Bitcoin, I just sell some of my exposures to my Bitcoin. But what happens is because we understand that you have some Bitcoin and you sell some exposure to Bitcoin, you don't have any risk to us. So we're not going to charge you to do that. So we won't charge you margin on your short position because we know you have a long position. Now, ironically, if you've done that on two different platforms, Platform A doesn't know what Platform B is doing. So they will charge you because they don't understand your whole risk. So again, it's about building that ecosystem  futures piece, we will have dated futures as well. But if we use that perpetual futures piece, which is the common product across the crypto space, it's using that product against your core position that we really think will benefit. But also, you understand that if you have that position, how are we going to manage that through time? If you use a lot of capital by trading futures, we're not going to try and benefit from you if you  that equilibrium price. So at the same point, we don't want to take positions off customers if there isn't a competitive price to do it. So even through our liquidation process, we use a competitive price model to ensure that any position that's taken off you, because you can know how much forward to keep it, is also done in a completely fair way. And we actually make no money from any of the liquidation process. That's actually managed by effectively external people. And to that point, actually,  marketplace and that runs right the way through from the product suite put on there to the way those products are traded. If, unfortunately, any point a customer can no longer afford to keep a position open, then the process for which that position is closed is again a fair and transparent one that we try and ensure. That's really the whole ethos behind the setup that we've got.  custody, kind of a one-off product. It really is there's this value add almost or kind of lock-in in the product suite that allows you to be better and better serve the customer if they use all of the products, right? Yeah, and I think that's a really important point. When you have your own custodian, our ability to consider our counterparty bits to a custodian is completely different to if we're using a third-party custodian. We acutely understand  they would probably at some point want to buy some ore or possibly sell it. So they need a venue for doing that. But also they need a venue for storing it whilst they're waiting to do that. Now, one of the areas that we're extremely interested in, and we had an announcement earlier this beginning of this year, is around what you can do within the learning and borrowing space, how you can be more efficient, not just how we can be efficient with your assets, but how you can be efficient with your assets. The concept of learning assets and borrowing assets in traditional finances is well  and that's something that we also want to change. How can you earn by just holding crypto? How can we do that again in a safe way that allows people to understand what we're doing with their products but at the same time allows them to generate a return on a product that doesn't naturally only have anything happen, unlike say fiat currency which is really just trying to run to standstill a lot of the time when it comes to inflation rates and interest.  to liquidity as and when you want it. Your assets are working for you even when you're not touching them. You're doing that all in the system that all understand each other, can all speak to each other. But as I mentioned before, we're not ignorant to the fact that there are other venues out there. We're comfortable as well that you say, I've traded on another platform for a long time. I'm comfortable there. Have a look at what you guys can do and we hope the experience you have with us and what you see the way we do things differently,  For sure. How do you think being based in Asia is an advantage, helps you think differently than maybe some of the other products that people are used to using? Is there anything that kind of sticks out in your mind about the geographic location, either of you and other people in the team's experience over the years in finance, kind of working in various cities across Asia, or also just living there now and kind of spending day to day?  why people are coming. In Asia, in traditional finance, there's an extremely prevalent structure of the products market. That's primarily driven by retail investors effectively using structure products to get exposure that they want in traditional financial markets, be it through FX or Equities or other products. Knowing to them that they're generating the return and  futures trade volatility all the way up to index level. We've seen that and we've experienced that. We've sat there on derivatives trading desks in Asia and watched as this bar of retail capital infrastructure products has proven useful for trading derivatives. What we're doing with our investment products division, which is again a key part of this building, is putting together  having hired a great team to build that forest. That's where we think we're going to differentiate ourselves in the options market because we know how to bring both sides of the trade there. There's plenty of people who want to trade volatility, trade options on crypto, want to buy calls, on iPods, and get that sort of exposure. Finding the other side of that is a little bit more difficult. Understanding that that comes from the retail piece, packaged and restructured through the structured product market is, I think, a key difference. And one of the key things that we've all  We want people to come and join us. We want people to come and join us. I know that it's something you just started looking at in terms of that 10-hour acquisition. The financial services industry suffered a huge brain drain to tech, particularly post-GFC. What we want to do is start to let people see that tech and financial services aren't mutually exclusive. If you want to do something right and you want to do it differently, you can still do that in a financial services company. You can still be the best at that and do it in a way  who feel that they've got something to add in this space. And we are genuinely open to having a lot of conversations with people about how we can continue to build out the product suite, the offering, the platform, to really establish ourselves as that core provider of a quality platform or quality products within the industry. Yeah, I highly suggest people go check it out. So I love that perspective. I always ask everyone the same three questions and then you'll get to ask me one to finish  working with the American government at the time to try and encourage them to help the British join the war, how his speeches were being met both in parliament and by individuals within the UK and how they were responding to that, and also then how that had an effect on the UK's ability to sort of manage its way through that. It's me, he's one of the most interesting artists out there and extremely naturally gifted communicator.  bed that I sleep on every night, which basically just makes it really, really cold, which helps you sleep deeper. All of a sudden, I start sleeping 8 hours a night and feel amazing compared to when I sleep 5-6. Are you a 3-4 hour sleeper or more like a 9-10 hour sleeper? I'm one of those people who looks at my watch when I go to bed and panics if there's not 8 hours before I need to get up. Amazing. I'm also one of those people who wants it to be extremely cold, so I am an acute  I'm always amazed that those people can get by and swear for us because that's not me unfortunately. Yeah, I used to try but not anymore. I'm a full-on convert to the sleep religion for sure. Last question is more fun. Aliens, are you a believer or a non-believer? Based on the laws of probability, I have to be a believer. For me, everything's about  the scale to which the whole universe operates means it has to be there.  I'm probably embarrassed myself slightly earlier with Tom Cruise. Believe me, it's more maverick than Tom Cruise per se. So in a similar vein to your books, but what's the movie that got you to where you are? Because for most people these days, it is a film or a movie. Yeah, I don't know if I've got like one movie where it was like, hey, here's the thing. And I'm going to go pursue that. I think that I probably have a couple of different movies  and they come back and basically they're just kicking ass together, right? And it's like, look, we're not brothers actually, but they call each other brothers. And I grew up in a family with five boys. So that movie always kind of was cool to watch with my actual brothers. And then the other movie, and probably my favorite movie ever is this movie called In Time. It's got a Justin Timberlake in it, which immediately is like a polarizing 50-50 whether people like it or not, just cause he's involved. But I think that the message behind the movie,  no time, he gets a bunch of time, he goes to the rich area. And the first thing he realizes is in the poor area where people don't have any time, they run everywhere. Nobody walks, everyone runs. But when he gets the rich area, nobody runs, everybody walks. And so he's like, huh. And then he realized, oh, because I run everywhere because I'm always trying to save time, right? I'm always trying to like get to the job, get more work and stuff. So I think like a movie like that, which, you know, frankly, nobody even really knows about, it's just really got a great message and kind of reminds  I like to be on time. I don't like to be early, I don't like to be late. I like to be just on time. I like to try and do as many things as I can at the same time, or reduce the amount of times I have to do something with the way in which I work, which sometimes sort of frustrates my wife if I leave things in a pile because I'm going to move them all in one go rather than take them one at a time throughout the day. But yeah, to me, it's a really scarce commodity and don't put off to tomorrow what you can do today. I could not agree more, my friend.