 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  I'm born and raised here in LA and I started working on a US Treasuries trading desk several years ago. And that was always my goal was to work in the financial markets at a very high level. And I got to work on a Treasuries desk trading billions of notional value of Treasuries almost on a daily basis. And I was really in my element on a desk.  I had never read the white paper, et cetera. So, but 2016 was the year when I did all that. And while I was on the desk doing my global macroeconomic study and trading, I was also on the side falling down the Bitcoin rabbit hole. And, you know, that came with reading Mastering Bitcoin, which a lot of it was over in my head because computer science textbook. But, you know, I did try to understand Bitcoin as deeply as I could.  investment management and this new exciting technology of Bitcoin and how to explain Bitcoin to people from my old world and using that type of language. So becoming an adjunct professor at USC happened over the last couple of years where I had the opportunity to guest lecture there. And then they graciously invited me to teach the fixed income course. So what I teach at USC is the bond market.  understand kind of this new financial system that's being built. I want to jump in. Most of the book or a good portion of the book is really explaining to people the monetary system and doing it in kind of plain English so that anyone can understand it. Let's just start with like a monetary policy or a monetary system 101, right? Like the, everybody hears about monetary policy. They hear about interest rates, they hear about all this stuff, but they don't actually understand how the system works. And so when somebody says to you, like, what is the monetary system and how  reserves and they issue cash. So that those two forms of money are second layer money. So you and I, if we want access to second layer money, we would have to have dollar bills in our pocket, right? We don't have access to the Fed's reserves, only banks do. And therefore, between the second and the third layer of money exists commercial banks. And those banks basically have Fed reserves as their assets, and they issue deposits as liabilities.  the layers of money and how they evolved throughout time, starting several centuries ago. And so, you know, that's what I try to do here is explain money in this first, second and third layer way in which people can understand that the form of money that they carry around is actually a third layer of money. And it shows people how far removed they are from hard money. And, you know, hard money opens up a whole different topic  Like why is that so important? And why does that come with so much kind of power and influence and really wealth generation? It all comes down to counterparty risk. And what we have in our financial system today is a lot of forms of money, our exposure, direct exposure to some counterparty, whether that be a bank, an asset manager, or some sort of money market fund. We all, when we carry our money market  counterparty free type of money so that we avoid all the risk embedded in the system. And just because your bank will be bailed out tomorrow if they fail doesn't mean that's a good reason to hold that bank's deposit as money. We have to hedge that risk. We have to hedge away the counterparty exposure. And so when people buy United States Treasuries as the risk free and I use that in quotes the risk free asset of the dollar spectrum they're doing so because the U.S. government is the most counterparty  which is why people feel comfortable using the term risk-free. But we do know that there's a denomination risk there and there is still a political risk there. So, gold and Bitcoin provide that alternative. And Bitcoin, I think you and I are on the same page here that Bitcoin provides the ultimate hedge away from the dollar denomination. It doesn't mean the dollar is gonna collapse tomorrow. It just means it's a way to avoid the exposure to the dollar.  and outside of the United States, where maybe their government is not as sought after and trusted and believed in, we've seen where the hard money of a other economy or another monetary system has failed. Walk through maybe like, what is the anatomy of when that happened? In the absolute worst case scenario, if what you deem to be the hard money or you deem to be that risk-free money actually ends up failing, what does that look like?  they didn't, if they didn't hold dollars or some sort of precious metal or some hard asset, their purchasing power completely disappears and they're basically going to suffer whatever consequences their government hands down in the transition to the next monetary system. So that's why the dollar is so valuable on a worldwide basis outside of the United States because it does provide that safety mechanism for people.  Right. So think of a treasury bond, a U.S. Treasury bond as a piece of paper. With that piece of paper gives you the power to redeem every interest payment and redeem the par payment at maturity. That's what a bond is. In that scenario, you still have to take your piece of paper to the Treasury to get cash back for it. So it has, you are exposed to a counterparty.  people will pay for it. They will pay you something else, another form of cash for it. The Bitcoin private key, same thing. The treasury bond doesn't have that intrinsic value because it eventually needs to be redeemed for cash. And so that's what I mean by a counterparty free money. Bitcoin is like any commodity where if you hold it, you have it. And nobody like cattle is a commodity. If you have cattle,  people flocking to this versus kind of that risk-free or some of the other bad counterparty examples that we talked about? I think the answer to that largely comes down to the politics and geopolitics that we see today in the world. There's an inherent distrust of government around the world, and there is empirical data that shows governments and central banks shown  Bitcoin gives them that power. And we in the West and the United States, we're not intimately familiar with this idea that our currency could be worth nothing tomorrow. If we zoom out far enough, okay, we can have that healthy fear and have a good sense of history. But if you think about people in certain countries in Latin America, they have that fear today, right now. And if they can find a way  to get in for the technology. They're trying to build products and they're also trying to speculate that this is going to be the winning technology out there. People in Latin America, they're not speculating on which technology is going to win. They know Bitcoin has market value. They know it has worldwide liquidity and they want it as their primary form of money. And so we really have to step into the shoes of people abroad to empathize with them about why they want Bitcoin.  you now can actually go ahead and do it with this counterparty free money. So what's the impact on those financial institutions? What the OCC just said was basically that you can now use Bitcoin and associated technologies for value transfer between yourselves in the banking system. So the rails themselves to the banking system where we're used to Swift and what we call Fed wire, these ways that they can  It doesn't really matter. The truth is now that Bitcoin is starting to replace Swift and and cryptocurrency technology is replacing this old messaging technology that the financial system is heavily reliant upon. So it is a very powerful thing and it doesn't directly impact, I would say, like the demand for Bitcoin explicitly, this rule. But what it does impact is, first of all,  a lot about how banks are going to deal with this technology in the future. Yeah, it's absolutely fascinating. If we kind of continue down this path, eventually we end up at central banks and kind of fiat governments. And what I think most people have thought for a while is central bank digital currencies will be the response to Bitcoin and other kind of crypto assets. The central bank digital currencies appear not to be different in monetary  coexisting or kind of however we end up there. Yeah, so I definitely think that they are going to coexist. And the conclusion of my book is called Freedom of Currency Denomination, where it's an idealistic view of the future in which people can hold Bitcoin as a neutral, counterparty-free money. They will hold central bank digital currency because it's the currency they receive benefits in and pay taxes with. And they'll also  or no, are they just a lipstick on a pig like you describe? Well, if they come in the form of wholesale money, which is like Fed reserves, money that they issue to banks, then you're absolutely right. There's no innovation there. It's just replacing one tool with another that mirrors each other. However, if they issue a retail facing CBDC, which is like digital cash that you and I can hold  wallet all at the same time, then we will have a world in which Bitcoin is the true ultimate form of digital scarcity and all other forms of money will find their base price in Bitcoin, including central bank digital currencies. And so then one other aspect of your question is, will central bank liabilities and digital currencies be pegged to Bitcoin? Yes, I do believe in some countries they will do that. Well, they'll have a portfolio  to act, they'll, you know, it looks like they're going to be last of the big countries and the big central banks to enter this arena. But, you know, it'll be interesting to see how it all unfolds. One of the things I've been thinking a lot about, and I don't know necessarily if I have complete thoughts fleshed out, but is obvious to me, at least where we stand today is you, I, and most people around the world live in a single currency kind of environment, right? I get paid in the US dollar, I save  in it. But another part of it is that there's actually a very high switching cost between going from dollars to anything else. I got to go to the bank or I have to go to that currency exchanger. When we have CBDCs across the world, so every currency is digitized, whether it's dollars, euros, yen, R&B, whatever you kind of could pick, the friction goes down drastically, almost to zero. Because now with the click of a button, I can switch from dollars to any other currency, whether it be a decentralized kind of digital currency like Bitcoin, a private currency,  Well, I agree with you. I think that it's a very powerful development that will happen. And what we'll see is that all digital currencies worth their while will have interoperability with Bitcoin at the very minimum via the Lightning network with atomic swaps. And so we'll be able to instantly transfer or exchange one Bitcoin for any  where they'll have this interoperability with Lightning Network and atomic swaps, I think all of that will continue and friction will reduce like you described. And it's a world where people are a lot more mobile with their money. And in layered money, I do describe this as a map, as a topography. And we have to be able to navigate between monies in the future. That's not like you were saying,  Bitcoin seems to structurally be set up in a way where as more and more people adopt it, you'll get more liquidity, as you get more liquidity, you'll get more utility. And so it's kind of just getting started in many ways. There's also plenty of alarm bells and kind of red flags and legacy system, whether it's in the United States or elsewhere. Again, kind of just structurally, the way that the monetary system is set up, it appears not to be overly sustainable, especially when humans can continue to intervene and manipulate  currencies that exist today will likely exist. So let me hedge that a little bit. I think fewer currencies will exist in 25 years, government currencies that exist today. Bitcoin will exist and will be the dominant, most desired reserve asset, regardless of country or anything. It'll be the most desired in the world. And you'll also have a free market for other currencies.  and Bitcoin will be that measuring stick for every single currency in the digital realm, in the digital realm. And I do feel that Bitcoin will reach some sort of steady state in terms of its overall market capitalization somewhere in the many trillions, 10 plus trillion as we get there. And we can use the size of the stock market, the real estate market as context for that.  You can find it on Amazon, Layered Money. You can find me at layeredmoney.com and I have the links to Amazon worldwide and other places. So please go check out the book. You can follow me on Twitter at time value of BTC. But I really hope that you'll go read the book. It's on Kindle and in paperback and hardcover. And I know there are a lot of audio book people out there. The demand is insane. The number of requests  I'm going to give a shout out to Jim Rickards, Currency Wars. This is a book that I read in 2010, 2011 when Kiwi was just getting underway and it really helped me see the history of the dollar and gold and its importance. So, you know, a lot of respect for that book in opening my eyes in a lot of ways about the monetary system. Amazing. Second question is a little bit more personal. It's about your sleep schedule.  in the bond market. I had to be on the desk at five 30. So I had to be up at about four 15 and I still, I'm not at four 15 every day, but I'm still up before five most days. And I'm, I'm to bed early to make sure I get a full night's sleep. Not when I was writing the book though, I was up, I was up till past midnight, which is late for me because I still get up at five. So past midnight every night trying to handle this thing up. Got to get your sleep, man. I'm a believer. I feel like I'm an evangelist for sleep.  that could literally just be kind of the equivalent of like a worm or stuff like that? Or do you think that it's more likely that some of these conspiracy theories about spacecrafts or UFOs or whatever are true? I think it's more likely that our species has had an interaction with aliens than- You think so? I think it's more likely that than not. And that's just kind of based on these drawings and things from the Hindu religion,  the closest you've ever been to being totally triggered and just like losing it for the maybe the anti Bitcoin propaganda that might come from the network sometimes.  Generally, now, most of the hosts, for the most part, like they're actually pretty positive and welcoming when it comes to Bitcoin. And so I think that, like, one, the sentiment has changed. That makes it easier. Two is you have to remember it's like entertainment as well, like, you know, Kevin O'Leary and I have gotten to know each other, and he's fantastic, and I really enjoy kind of spending time with him. But then, you know, he'll tell me before we go do it. He'll be like, and don't worry, I'm going to treat you like the little, you know, rat that you are tomorrow. And it's like, okay.  on or you can go to is it layered money.com is that correct? That's right layered money.com. All right, man. Listen, Nick, thank you so much for doing this. We're going to have to do it again in the future. Thanks, Pomp. I appreciate it.