 What's up guys, bang bang. This video is brought to you by PrimeXBT. They are a crypto trading platform that has an excellent award-winning environment for margin trading. If you want to go check out their crypto trading, be sure to check out their copy trading module, which allows you to replicate the trades of the most successful traders with a proven track record. If you're interested, you can register with the link below and you can get a 50% deposit bonus.  walk us just through your background. Yeah, so when I was a teenager, I was an athlete. I was playing tennis tournaments. That is how I was spending my life. And then graduated in law, joined two large law firms. And then I became an entrepreneur, started two companies, both of them, they were in solar. So in renewable energy, I'm a change. And then I got into health and performance again with H. Like, all right. And where were you doing  go to bed, take your time, recover, let your body and your mind recover. So then in the morning you will be fit and you will perform at your best. There is a tagline that we use for eight sleep that is we fuel human potential through back to sleep. And so when you think through that, I think most people say, okay, I have to sleep for eight hours. I wish I didn't have to sleep for eight hours. I'm not doing anything productive. Talk through kind of how you,  Second, because it's still six hours, which is a lot of time, how can we make that time productive? We will scan your body in order to identify early signs of illness, like even cancer. So going to bed will be more valuable than going to your doctor. Every night it will be like going to your doctor. So when you think, let's start with kind of compressing time first, right? Everyone is told since they're a little kid, get eight hours, get eight hours. And the thought process is  expect to wake up refreshed and more or less rule of thumb, you need eight hours. But the reality is this. So you will get around 20% of them. If you're lucky, you could range between 17 and 25, call it 20. You will get 20 of deep sleep again, 17 to 25, but let's call it 20 plus 20, 60% of your time or 50% of your time is light sleep. Light sleep is an inefficient  around is about deep sleep. Deep sleep is usually what you need to really recover at the physical level, your body. Then once your body has recovered, the second part of the night will have a prevalence of REM. REM is studies for your mind. It's the moment where all the information that you have received during the previous day gets reorganized and saved in your brain. REM is also when you dream.  to have more or less cycles, right? Like is it something where if I go through three cycles, then that's okay. But if I got five cycles, it's better or it's just one cycle. Okay. At the end of the day, what you need is a certain amount of deep environment. And usually the cycles tend to be quite standard. So around the 90 minutes, unless you have some special dysfunction. Um, and so the, the, the, the key at the end of the day is to get these 20% plus deep sleep alcohol  this kind of company mission of we wanna compress the amount of time that you sleep. You mentioned compressing the amount of light sleep. So not really touching deep sleep or REM, but cutting from maybe four hours to two hours, right? In terms of this light sleep, is it possible to extend or kind of elongate the deep sleep and the REM as well? So you almost get some of it is compressed on the light sleep side, but also elongating the time for deep and REM.  are literally like the foremost expert I know on sleep. I, as many people now know throughout 2020, spent a bunch of time trying to figure out how to get better sleep. I am a full-on convert. If this was a religion, I would be all in. I would go to church every day and tell people, yes, sleeping more absolutely has this positive impact on your body and your mind. What are some of the tips and tricks that you think through in terms of helping people  time every day, even on Saturday and Sunday. Because if you just sleep in, you're just just lagging your body. And then on Monday, you will struggle again to wake up. But instead, what you want to do is you want to train your body to wake up every single day at that time. Doesn't matter what the time is. It just needs to be always the same. And then if you can try to go to bed at the same time, but on that you can be more flexible. Then second thing is what I call thermal shocks.  and my house, you can set what are called routines. And so starting at 7.30, my lights start to dimming down. And first they switch to orange, and then they keep dimming down. And by 9.30, there is no more light in my house. And so orange lights help to develop a melatonin. And the fact that lights keep dimming down will help you understand that no time for bad, bad time is coming. You can try some supplements. You can use melatonin.  I think could have a positive impact alone. But when you put them together, obviously it can be quite advantageous. The one thing I didn't hear you mention, but I know we've talked about before, is just like actually tiring yourself out during the day to go to sleep. Talk a little bit about if you do that, like what the advantage for that is. Yeah, a couple of things. Yeah. The best way is, yeah, you want to work out or you really want to make sure you're tired. But one thing I noticed  body to fall asleep. The other two big things that have an impact on your sleep are caffeine and alcohol. Caffeine, the rule of thumb is stop drinking eight hours before going to bed. Then our data shows that everyone is different. So you might, you know, suffer caffeine more than I do or vice versa. So test it. And the last one is alcohol. I stopped drinking in April, 2019. And you and I, we spoke about that.  racing and then I can fall asleep. But the reality is the quality of sleep that you will get is low quality. And so in the morning when you wake up your HLE, which is heart rate variability, and it's a good metric to determine how rested you are, would just be lower than expected because that had an impact on your heart rate as well. The other big thing is, in particular, as you get older, you will see that alcohol has an impact on your body temperature. And so if I drink,  coffee. And so how do you think about caffeine in general for you? Do you drink in the morning and then you stop at a certain time? Do you limit yourself to how much you drink? Yes. So I'm Italian. And so I drink espresso and I drink three espressos that more or less are the equivalent of one cup of coffee, American coffee. And I have one early in the morning, around nine. Then I have one around 1130 and the last one by two.  that are better or worse for sleeping? Should I think about it in terms of running or other cardio type exercises versus weightlifting or is it all kind of the same? It's just burning calories. So for sleep itself, it's probably all the same. At least we don't have data about that yet. What I can tell you is when you think in terms of longevity for your body, you should think in three dimensions. The first one is high  one is mobility. So you want to make sure as you get older that you maintain a good mobility, which will be extremely key when you start getting into the seventies or eight years. Yeah, makes sense. So we've talked a lot about what you can do kind of during the day or before bed. You at eight sleep really solve the problem of what people can use at night, right? And kind of what are the products that you could actually use to get better sleep?  temperature of the environment and the temperature of the bed need to change accordingly. So a fixed temperature will never work. It will not work for you, it will not work for your wife, it will not work for myself. And so that is what we developed. We developed a technology that changes the temperature of your body during the night based on your biometrics. And there is medical evidence that through temperature adjustment, we can improve your sleep performance. You can follow sleep faster, you can get up to  there's a pod cover, but just walk us through kind of what those products actually are. Yeah, so there are two form factors. You can buy the whole mattress and call it the Lamborghini of the mattresses or the sleep performance. And then there is the mattress cover. So you can retrofit any dumb mattress. Let's say you don't want to change your mattress. You like it. You just bought it. You just want to put our technology on top of it. Now you can do it. Technology is the same across the two devices and it does two main things.  that's what is being chilled or potentially even heated in some situations? Yeah. So the temperature can range anywhere between 55 degrees and 100 degrees. It can be really cold or really hot. 90% of our customers, they are kind of in the middle, so they don't need that extreme temperature. Some customers love to get into bed and find it extremely cold. Usually men like not to find the bed really cold, while instead women like to find it  the reason is this when you are dreaming, right? And so your brain deactivates a lot of body functions, including temperature control. If your brain feels that the environment is too hot or too cold, it will not let you get into REM because you could die if you were like in a store, right? And so the key for REM is thermal neutrality where your brain understands that the environment is safe and it can be  And the first theory is about suggesting you what you should set as a temperature, right? So this is the recommended temperature for people of your gender and this age. Plus we see environmental changes. So let's say the weather in Miami changes, we will provide a different recommendation. But the end goal that is gonna come in a couple of months is temperature autopilot. That is one of the most requested features. And so we will be able to control the temperature for you.  You've got a very slick kind of mobile phone application and over time you're just learning. It's very similar, you and I have talked before about Tesla and the fact that they've got all these cars on the road and they're just gathering data. They're so far ahead than everyone else with the data that that ends up being a pretty significant advantage. Yeah, we're collecting. I mean, we have already collected several million hours of sleep, right? The database keeps growing. Obviously, we are in compliance.  that people get as a benefit. So the most obvious already today are they're feeling a sleep faster and they are getting more quality of sleep. In particular, we are reducing toss and turns and we are reducing wake-ups by up to 40%. So a really meaningful number. And so they really have this higher sleep efficiency, I would say, so they can wake up more rested in the morning.  want to reinvent the front factor of the bed. To me, it's unacceptable that with millions of people are still sleeping on a piece of dumb foam that has been the same for 2,000 years. But that doesn't work. So the way your bed looks will be different soon. And we will start controlling a lot of different environmental factors, not just temperature. We will control everything to optimize your sleep and make sure that you can sleep faster.  to control all the environmental factors that impact your sleep quality. So we want to have your back while you're asleep. And we want to make sure that we help you sleep faster, that we track your health, and we also help your body to regenerate and sleep and live longer. And this is connected to the second piece that is the health piece. The beauty of what we do is we have a lot of space because the mattress is pretty big. And our AOV is high.  acceptable. Right now we don't have any control in what is going on in our body. And so I want to solve and fix the problem. And there is a product that is your bed that you use every single day for 10 years. And so you're, you're not sleeping there. So you're not moving a lot. You have resting. And so it's the perfect environment to scan your body every single day for the next 10 years. And we will see how you're aging. And we will see if there is any early sign of cancer or any other disease.  Obviously, there are a lot of rules and regulations and we'll be in compliance with that, but oversimplify the factors of what you just said. The key will be to see if there is anything off compared to your baselines. If there is, we will notify you and we will give you the advice to go and talk to your doctor. The end goal is not to replace the doctor. We actually want to enable the doctor to have much more data about what is going on in your health and be able to act sooner rather  your longer lives on top of that, what do you think is driving that kind of cult following online? And is there anything specific that you guys have done that was more intentional to kind of help build up that following and that loyalty and engagement? Yeah, I think we did a couple of things. First, we have a very different perspective of sleep. It's not to sleep like being comfy on a Sunday morning with waffles on your bed.  vision and customers start understanding that we are a cutting edge technology company. We're not a mattress company. We're not a mattress cover company. We are really trying our best to introduce technology to enhance our recovery and sleep. And I don't think there is anyone else there. There are wearables and they're doing a great job, but I think wearables, they stop at the data. They just try to recommend you something based on the data.  Is it, no, it's going to take an hour to get ready for sleep and kind of, you know, actually fall asleep and it was like an hour to wake up and kind of like one of those alarm clocks that almost, uh, you know, slowly wakes you up with light and sound. Um, how do you kind of think about that two hour savings and what people will do with it? So the, I think the end goal is to really give you two hours back that you can spend with your loved ones or that you can spend doing whatever matters to you at the end of the day. I mean,  longevity, then I'm a hundred percent for that. But today, if you were living six hours or five hours, you were doubling your risk of heart attack. You were doubling your, uh, you know, the, the risk of high blood pressure. You were risking of dying. So all that, I'm not open to it. And so through technology, we are trying to find the compromise between these two benefits. We didn't talk about food. Is there anything there, whether it's before you go to  diet is the mediterranean kind of balanced with al fish and avocado veggies, things. Um, so definitely a direct correlation bet and nutrition. The other i is if your sleep deprived, more junk food. Uh, th that happen in your hormones of medical evidence of wh  eighth sleep is? Is it a mattress in every bedroom and you're scanning people's bodies? What do you think 10, 15 years from now is the holy grail? Yeah, I think the concept of sleep fitness will be mass consumer, right? So people will think of sleep like going to the gym. We will have sleep enhancement devices. You might call it beds, but there are really sleep enhancement devices.  You just give me an idea. I love it. All right. When you think about the one person that you would love to have eight sleep in their hands, who's the one person in the world that you don't believe has the product yet, but you would love to put it in their hands. Well, that is a pretty good question. Mateo would never say I had a great question.  on the same three questions and then you could ask me when to finish, but one of the questions we already talked about. So the first question is, what is the most important book that you've ever read? I'm biased on that. Why do we sleep? And I think the reason is this, it will open your eyes. It's not a book, I'm not affiliated with that, so we don't work with Matthew Walker. But I think it will open your eyes about the importance  and make fun of me. But yeah, between nine 30 and 10, I'm usually in bed and I'm asleep except when I have dinner with you and Paulina and you keep me up at night. So you don't actually go to sleep that early. Nine 30, 10, like I try to go 10 o'clock, it'd be like a good time to go to sleep. But I do laugh when we're trying to meet up for dinner and I feel guilty. I'm like, hey, do you want to meet at eight? I'm like, oh, he's going to try to run out at nine 15 to go home to go to sleep.  and they're in the total adjustable market, right? Yeah, I should talk to my head of hopes and see how we can shift to them, but we will figure it out. For those that don't know, Keith Ruboi from Founders Fund now is on the board at 8 Sleep. So I would love to see the reaction when you tell Keith, hey, Keith, we're going to increase the total adjustable market because we're going to start to incorporate the alien population as customers.  days of the week where I do a bunch of podcast recordings and I slept seven hours and 20 minutes last night after being on an epic run of eight to nine hours. And I was telling Polina today we went to get lunch like I can feel like I am not rested, which is crazy because seven hours and 20 minutes historically would have been you know, the equivalent of me sleeping like eight or nine now. But it's once you get used to the good life, she said it's hard to go back to the bad life which I wish I  which is cheating. Where can we send people if they want to buy an Eat Sleep mattress or if they want to learn more about the company? Yeah, go to 8sleep.com, 8 like the number but in lacquer, so E-I-G-H-T sleep.com. And you can also follow me on Twitter. I mean, the homepage of the website. So there is where you can find my Twitter. So I was going to say, you're up in your Twitter game. I see now all of a sudden,  Actually, so he gave me the tip and that day I just published the eight packs to improve your sleep. We were already working on that, but it's funny because now we posted the thread like three hours after I spoke to him and I got almost 5,000 likes. And so he texted me saying, you see, I told you that threads work. Don't let him take credit for your hard work. He does. He's been doing that in my family for, uh, for literally 20 years. He's been taking credit for everyone's hard work. So I'll let him steal it.