 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  I was born near Cheyenne and ranch there to this day with my brother and my sister. I also have a farm over on the western side of the state. We have hay and cattle. And then in the fall, we take in a lot of horses that are coming in off the pack strings that are on the Bridger-Teton National Forest in the summer. So my background is primarily ranching, but I also have a law degree. I practice law for nine years.  So I was always looking for a store of value. We have in Wyoming permanent funds that are based on extracting minerals and oil and gas from the ground. We take a severance tax, it's called, from minerals and invested in a permanent fund. And the concept of that permanent mineral trust fund is that when the minerals are gone, we will still have revenue left over  of value. The more I learned about Bitcoin, the more the nomenclature of Bitcoin reminded me of our permanent mineral trust fund. Bitcoin is essentially mined. There will only be 21 million Bitcoin mined. And because it is a finite resource, I see it as a very good store of value. So I bought a few Bitcoin  the entire gal that's out there, land bricks or building the apartment across the street from these Senate office buildings. If they invest just in the US dollar, the dollar is designed to be worth less every year. And so if they're saving now, let's say they're in their 20s or 30s now, when they get my age, that money that they have worked so hard all their lives to save,  I was always a fiscal hawk when I was here before. And I am watching us rack up debt to the tune of now 27 trillion. We're talking about another two trillion here with the new administration. The money is going to buy less and less over time. So looking at things that everyday Americans, the person who works at Walmart, the rancher across the fence from me,  to look at this as well. I know that we've got kind of individuals, we've got some financial institutions now, a couple of corporations, but we haven't seen lots of movement either at the state, local or federal level in government. Do you think that'll change over time or do you think it's more so this asset will be something for individuals and corporations, but not necessarily government entities? I hope it will be for all of the above as part of a fully diversified asset allocation.  and other government funds that are trying to find a slice of their investments to store value. Now, if you want assets that are throwing off income, you know, maybe you want to go to the S&P 500, some spiders, some large cap growth strategies, but if you want to store value for the long term, sort of is to protect yourself from inflation. That's where I think that Bitcoin plays an important role  that something like this could have across society and kind of the American economy. With you kind of sitting now within a elected role, how do you think about educating your colleagues and kind of spending time talking to them and getting them up to speed without just being, you know, oh, she's the one who's always kind of talking about Bitcoin and therefore they kind of tune you out. Like, how do you just think about the education that you can do now that you're actually in the room as a colleague rather than someone on the outside?  and blockchain uses a blockchain. And so I'm interested in knowing how the people who are listening to your podcast would expose members of the US Senate to that kind of information. What is Pithy? What worked with them? What resonates with your listeners that I can use to help educate and inform the people  the dollar. How have you seen the sentiment and kind of what are people talking about within Congress and the Senate when it comes to these two types of kind of financial innovations? Well, I think one of the first things that we're going to be working on is fighting a narrative about digital assets and crypto being used for money laundering because that is a, you know, game stopper right from the beginning. So now what we know is, according to the  in a pilot in Switzerland or something. And the Federal Reserve is looking to create its own digital currency. So we'll wanna be visiting with the Federal Reserve about what their plans are, how they wanna roll it out, what we can do to help them innovate. And the innovation in this area could help companies through faster transactions than typical wire transfers. For example,  information hearing. And she, this is an area where I think that she has an open mind. She has some of the same concerns that most do in financial technology. There are concerned about criminal or nefarious use of cryptocurrency. So it's gonna take a lot of work to get to where we can have an open dialogue that is free from the clutter of seeing this  willing to extend the comment period for that. And now that the Biden administration is in place, rulemaking has been frozen indefinitely. So that should give us more time to comment and help them understand how to make it more consistent with existing law, how to make sure that we're not talking about knowing your customer's customer and pushing them too far out on the spot  we're seeing China get way ahead of us in this area and lots of other areas, Anthony, that we need to make sure that we can dominate and be effective in the way that we innovate, but at the same time guard against financial innovation being used by the Chinese Communist Party. So I think it's really important that the United States  kind of, you know, place psychologically in people's mind that nefarious people use it, right? As we know with other technologies, whether it was beeper, cell phones, internet, et cetera, people who are doing bad things or nefarious things always adopt these technologies first. That doesn't make the technology bad. That just means that we should tell the bad people not to do bad things with it. So I think you're right there. The other thing that seems to be coming up more and more, and you alluded to this a little bit, is there's this balance between global  in the camp of, look, if the technology is going to be out there, we need to be embracing it rather than fighting it. First, is that kind of an accurate depiction of your position? And two, just how do you think about that geopolitical landscape and kind of how it's playing out, given many of these other countries are making a big push to adopt some of these technologies? Now, that is an accurate depiction of my position. I want to be very robust in this area. I want the United States to be a leader.  There's a court that has great expertise and that is readily available. And we wanted to make that the case in Wyoming too. So we could be the innovators in American law at the state level, that we be the innovators and let the incubators have good ideas. Go ahead and incubate those good ideas. And states are among those in government,  friends are very knowledgeable about Bitcoin. And then the final reason was watching Wyoming become a great innovator at the state level in Bitcoin law. The nation can be that. We're a little bit behind right now, behind other countries, but we need to be part of that. Anthony, I did a little bit of consulting for the World Bank on sovereign wealth funds.  Bank in Norway. Norway has a tremendous offshore oil and gas resource that they invest for their the benefit of Norwegians. They would be a logical country to innovate in this area so some very unlikely bedfellows may be able to innovate in this area all for the good of the people that they're  haven't really seen anywhere in the world, a central bank make that decision. Maybe not so much like which one do you think is first at a timeline, but more so, what do you think is the actual steps to doing that, right? Is that something where that decision, let's say in the United States would get made by the chairman of the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Secretary? Do you think that's more of a democratic process? Just what's the path to that happening here in the United States?  the mentor.  that rudimentary understanding to educate people who even don't have that much of an understanding. So part of it is communications and I can use, I've already mentioned that that would be helpful. The other thing is in the case of people who have very sophisticated expertise on this, we would love to have them contact our office and give us ideas.  all kinds of party lines. And so we need to have the involvement of Democrats, Republicans, Independents, Libertarians, and everything in between so we can innovate in this area. The gridlock in Washington is so intense right now that if you can find any little crack to break through the gridlock, we should take advantage of it.  concrete that we can't even lift our feet anymore around here. But this is an area where that's not true. So that's another reason that I'm excited about being new to the Senate. But having old friends that I serve within the US House in the Senate, we can talk about a topic that crosses party lines and and it it it gives us a chance to innovate. And that's really exciting to me. And I  You're just doing a fantastic job. So from everyone else, thank you. I think that as you continue to kind of spread this message and frankly, it's just a refreshing perspective on the importance of not only your job, but also your colleagues. And so I think that the more folks we can get to have your perspective, the better off we'll be regardless of people's political views. So I really appreciate that. We're going to send people to your Twitter account, which is at S-E-N-Lumis.  As I mentioned, I think that you're doing a great job. So I appreciate all the hard work and we'll have to do it again in the future. It's going to be a heavy lift, Anthony. So I need you and all of the people that follow you to help out. But thank you kindly and I look forward to visiting with you again as well.