 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  Awesome. So, Brad, maybe let's start with you. What is the news that Unsolved Domains and OKCoin have? So, OKCoin has integrated blockchain domains for the purposes of sending and receiving crypto in the exchange. And the reason why this is such a big deal is because this is the first time a exchange has supported this standard, this blockchain domain standard, human readable names, instead of long crypto addresses has been widely adopted in the wallet community.  is a poor user experience. I think when these things probably got invented, there was no product manager or user experience person in the room. And they've played their part. And I think it's due time that these things evolve and become better. If we're all about welcoming people who are non-crypto natives, essentially newcomers, we have to take a really hard look at these problems. And the reality is there's so much goodness in crypto in its nature. It's more interoperable than traditional  this long string of address one has to copy and then put into your new sort of place where you want to receive it or send it to a friend. Say I'm sending you some crypto, now I have to send you this long string of address or a QR code. Look, I was never a fan of QR codes either, so maybe this is beef against QR codes. But generally, we want to solve that piece, which is how do we simplify interoperability and bring the best out of crypto in the form that really helps  I have to send him or her some crypto to get them to get started. And we believe unstoppable domains is the right solution to remove that friction, that sort of anxiety inducing experience that perhaps if I get one string wrong in that wallet address, it might go to the wrong pump and I might never get my money back. And the QR code thing, look, it's better than the long string address, but is it really shareable? Like, are you just going to like text around and message around a QR code  just to invest, but also to share among their family and friends, or perhaps use crypto for other economical transactions like if you're a freelancer, you want to transact using crypto across the border. So that's the key motivation. Yeah, it makes a ton of sense that I always joke with people. Everyone's had that feeling when you go to send even a small amount, and you've got to put in that address, and your heart starts beating, and it's kind of like the M&M song, right? It's like, you know, literally, you feel like you're about to start  It's a bit simpler for them to adopt new technology based on the way that they're structured. When you are holding people's private keys, you have this gigantic security. I'm not going to use the term honeypot. I think that there are actually quite exchanges. There's plenty of exchanges now that are extremely, extremely good at security, but they have this problem. And so it's been easier to start with wallets. Also, there's a lot of sending and receiving on wallets, whereas with exchanges, there's a lot more sending and receiving to yourself. So that was a good place to start.  reminds people of what happens in the regular world, reminds people of their PayPal addresses or their cash app or their Venmo or whatever. So it's a very clear and simple form factor. The way we got connected in with OKCoin, so Heider and I have actually known each other for quite a little while here and have been talking for quite a while. And when he joined OKCoin, he essentially said, I'm going to help make this a top tier innovative exchange.  that those kinds of bets are what the crypto community needs. And that's what's going to get us to this interoperability place. And I think once we have the interoperability, then it's going to be made the best application win. And so I think that the top applications will wind up benefiting even more from supporting interoperability. So. And, Heider, you guys are obviously the first exchange to do this. So, we talked a little bit about like what drove that decision making.  wanting to deliver optimal user experience. So there's an argument to be had that perhaps, you know, with the engineering power we have, you know, we should consider building something like this internally. Well, the challenge is we could create something that's sort of a naming system within the Okcoin ecosystem, but that doesn't really foster interoperability because we're not well positioned to then convince other wallet companies and other exchanges to adapt our protocol or our naming system  these guys. It's really easy to work with them as well. Ultimately, it delights our customers. We're seeing it on Twitter today. People who already use Unstoppable are excited about this integration because now if their funds are in one of those 40 wallets, they can bring it over to Okcoin, have some fun, use it for earn or high yield features, use it for trading into other assets, and then take it back to a wallet really seamlessly.  an actual user experience standpoint, if they've got an OK coin account and now they've got this unstoppable domain, how that actually works in terms of they just send the domain, but what can people see? What can they not see? So it depends on how you configure. There's a few different ways that you can go about it. But ultimately, if you're sending money into an exchange, it's a little bit easier because they have these kind of like pots of money. So it's hard to you can't necessarily discern what's mine.  it helps with deposits. So if you have a domain name attached to your OK coin addresses, that is going to facilitate deposits into the exchange. I'm not saying that's the only reason you should do it or the only reason you did it, but that is an advantage. And I think Heider kind of touched on this briefly, but I think where we sit is sort of like, I guess, crypto Switzerland. We're integrating in with everybody. And I think that's one of the reasons  but thinking it from two different sides. Does this really force the hand of other exchanges? Like should we expect two years from now, every exchange has support for these kind of human readable domains or do we think that some may be just set a priority and they won't actually do it? I think less than two years. Yeah, I think we're gonna see a lot of movement. We're already seeing a lot of movement and I think this is the beginning of the wave. Got it.  arguably, crypto has been around now for a decade or so, right? And there's a debate to be had on whether we're moving fast enough on the overall adoption. Have we plateaued? Are we just converting crypto natives into the existing communities? Are we just talking to each other in an echo chamber? And I continue to look at CashApp and other consumer fintech apps, and their growth accelerates the minute they add the simplest form of  I think exchanges should really pay attention to that particular trend because the threat is not other exchanges, crypto exchanges, it's perhaps the bigger competition is consumer finance companies.  crypto users are coming and the question is who gets them? And that is, I think the value proposition of human readable names is getting those, getting that next billion people on right from the start. Like never even see those hex addresses. Like that's going to be the way that we can much more easily bring on the next billion people. Yeah, I couldn't agree more. Before we wrap up, I want to ask both of you just to kind of look forward into the future again, you know, whether it's five, 10 years,  Because a blockchain domain is a crypto asset stored inside of your wallet, you control it completely. It gets you that interoperability. It means that it's tamper proof, essentially. Nobody can take it away from you and stop all domains can't take it away from you. And because you have that assurance, it enables you to go and build a lot of different things on top of it. So it starts with payments. There was a feature to tie a real ID, your Twitter account to your domain name so that you can have more  I'm not usually sending it to some anonymous set of letters and numbers. I usually have some information before I do that transaction. I think that's the thing that's going to allow us to start doing more things. There's already pretty interesting use cases of these unstoppable domains beyond just the wallet thing that we're focused on today. The one that I'm continuing to explore is publishing content on these  is an address that you can use to transact with people and yourself across different platforms. And then it's also a place, essentially a real estate, that is truly your real estate on the internet. It's not the real estate you get through VeriSign and I can, which is sort of a leased real estate. I think a lot of people don't understand this concept, that if you buy a domain on GoDaddy or any other registrar, domain registrar, you're not really a true owner. You're just simply leasing it and that fee can change on various  system or could be a universal identity system into your access into Web3, into an ability for you to transact with people using this simple domain. And then thirdly, having this real estate on the internet that no one can take away from you. It's tamper resistant, it's censorship resistant, and it's true ownership. So you can publish content, say, for the lack of better example, your WikiLeaks. It's going to be really hard for the future WikiLeaks to be taken down.  but it just seems to be like this is a no-brainer and I definitely agree with both of you that this will become kind of an industry standard over time. So what is the way if somebody wants to get on board, right? Do they go through just the okay coin normal account creation and then they can elect to do this? Do they need to go to unstoppable domains? Just talk through kind of people who have kind of heard about this and now want to do it. What's the best way to send them to go participate? There's really two types of people that  into using it, whether you're on the wallet side or exchange side, is a withdrawal flow. So say you want to deposit into Okcoin, you go into your wallet's withdrawal flow, enter your unstoppable domain address, and then Okcoin will receive it, right? Or you can receive it in Okcoin. Now, if you're a brand new user, you don't have an unstoppable domain, you're hearing this podcast, you want to start with unstoppabledomains.com. You want to go ahead and purchase a domain that ranges anywhere between 20 and 40.  Sounds good. Thanks for having us. By the way, anyone, a last teaser, anyone who actually uses an unstoppable domains on Okcoin is automatically entering into a $10,000 giveaway. So odds are great. Just saying. I love it. All right. Thank you guys so much. We'll do it again. Thanks, Anthony.