 What's up guys, bang bang, this video is brought to you by PrimeXBT. They are a crypto trading platform that has an excellent award winning environment for margin trading. If you want to go check out their crypto trading, be sure to check out their copy trading module which allows you to replicate the trades of the most successful traders with a proven track record. If you're interested, you can register with the link below and you can get a 50% deposit bonus.  of words you grew up and what was the kind of things that you did before you actually wrote the book? Yeah, of course. Awesome. So basically grew up my I've lived my entire life in in central Jersey. I currently go to Rutgers. I'm studying finance and astrophysics. Actually, I'm a sophomore. But yeah, basically, you know, my journey into, you know, before before I got my book and everything. So my dad, my entire life, he's worked at Bell Labs, right? So, you know, sure, all the tech people out there know like how, you know, innovative and breakthrough Bell Labs was in the past.  stuff. Sales, operations, marketing, focusing on all that stuff. And then got to college, thought I wanted to do investment banking. And I was just like, I don't know if this is for me. And actually, it's funny, because recruiting season is now for internships, I'm still determining, do I go full force into that or not? But nonetheless, I realized, my true passion is sort of a line, science tech, deep tech, all that research heavy things. And I was like, how do I combine that with finance? And I just thought,  I don't know if it was just the universe looking out for me, serendipity or luck or fortune, but just like I came across this one, one of my mentors who eventually brought me on the book writing process. So I met him on LinkedIn, actually, it was kind of funny. Like I just, you know, struck up a conversation with him and he was like, oh, like, you know, he likes to mentor, you know, typically professionals, not typically students, but just like, yeah, he likes to mentor people in writing books and everything, he's just like a passion of his. So I was like, okay, like, again, I have all this passion, I have all this energy. Like, I know, I'm by no means I'm an expert,  interviews. I had to master that cold email, you know, sort of strategy because, you know, I was talking to all these, you know, big time VCs and founders and whatnot. And, you know, here I was a freshman in college. So it's kind of funny. And then, yeah, again, yeah, the rest of history, it just made the most of like, COVID and everything, you know, being at home and what I had all the time in the world. So yeah, and then, yeah. When you start writing the book, how long did it take and kind of what was the research process process like to write this book Making Moonshots? Yeah, of course. So the research process was basically, you know, I  And I just think it's just, it's, it's heroic at the end of the day. And I just really, I'm inspired by all these, these sorts of, you know, moonshot companies. And, you know, I took sort of like a multifaceted approach, right? I didn't want to write just, you know, another boring, you know, management book or business book, right? I really wanted, you know, something dynamic. So the way I went about my research, you know, as I told before, right? So I focused on, right, the psychology, right? The mindset of these moonshot founders, right? The philosophies that they, that they sort of, you know, that they, that they use and take in my mental models and so forth. And then also your strategy.  examples in my book and whatnot. So I did a lot of things for that. But then I think the biggest thing was honestly the interviews. I think I did around 100 or so interviews of all the best VCs and founders and all that. I talked to some awesome people and it was really cool just being this outsider. Honestly, again, college freshmen, not at a Target school or whatever, but I got 30 minutes an hour with these awesome people. And that was probably the most impactful things in terms of research because I got some awesome stories, awesome thoughts, and  at those various firms and whatnot. And yeah, I would say, yeah, the go-to answer is definitely Josh Wolf. Because yeah, he's high up there in the tech world, right? Everyone knows him. And I was just like, wow, like pretty cool to get a call with him. So yeah. So let's talk a little bit about the idea of a moonshot versus like incremental progress of technology and science. Why are moonshots so important? Yeah, of course. So again, at the end of the day, there's so many aspects. I mean, the way I sort of consider it is like, all right, like,  sort of like, you know, it's like one soft job or a piece of literature on like how anyone can actually, you know, make, you know, solve said problem or whatever may be like, you know, by means of, you know, startups and whatnot. And, you know, at the end of the day, it's just like, they're so heroic to me, right? They're so like, you know, like they actually change the course of humanity and, you know, put us back on this, like, you know, this sort of, you know, this rate of scientific and technological progress. Like I love sort of, you know, thinking about like progress and whatnot as a whole sort of ecosystem, you know,  a lot of other people that like Elon that don't have the media presence but are doing such amazing things. So again, it's just like this inspiring sort of empowering sort of thing that people go on. And I just want to create a literature on how anyone can do so. So yeah.  that, right? This awesome collaboration between, you know, all things private and all things public and stuff. So, you know, in terms of government, I mean, I feel like there's a lot of sort of systemic sort of reasons why we don't pursue moonshots, right? Like for an example, right? Politicians, for example, right? Two years, four years, and six years, right? Six years for senators, right? They're only thinking in terms of, right, two, four, and six years, right? Representatives, presidents, and senators, and whatnot. So, if you think about it, like, why would they care about a 10-year sort of, you know, project or some, like, really  I mean, like in the recent sort of election, one thing I saw in the debates, for example, the debate around, you know, sort of oil, gas and things like that versus clean energy, right? Again, like it's what's so interesting to me is that there's a lot of, you know, special interests that are, you know, holding us back in terms of our energy and whatnot. And again, it makes sense, right? People's like livelihoods depend on, you know, oil and gas and whatnot. But then on the other hand, right, you have nuclear energy, right? You have clean energy and, you know,  the social infrastructure, social attitude, and also social incentives. I think if we could focus on those three things, that could really create this ecosystem that's really conducive to these big time R&D heavy projects and whatnot. If that answers your question. Walk me through the anatomy of a moonshot in the sense of, if you want to be successful with a moonshot, what are the things that need to go into  interesting, right, in regards to the team, there's a lot of moonshots out there that are not done by credentialed experts. And I realized like, all right, like maybe you don't need like a PhD, right, to solve some sort of science heavy project, right? You don't need some, you know, formal credentials or whatever. There's, you know, even like Elon Musk, well, like he only has like a bachelor's degree in like, well, like physics, I think, in the econ or whatever, and look at him, right? So again, he's just, you know, one example, the easy example I can think of. But yeah, that's one thing, right? So, you know, building, building like a solid, solid team, but not  telling, right, is like Theranos, for example, right. Again, it was a moonshot company, and it was this, you know, grand sort of vision. But at the end, they, they, I think they're the way they sort of, you know, tricked, you know, investors, and the general public is that they over story told, right, they were really, really good storytellers and whatnot. And again, you have to sort of, you know, attract capital, right, you have to attract talent, you have to do all these things. And then to do so, like, you need to be good storytellers. But you know, not not too much to the point of like, you know, like, Theranos level, but nonetheless, like, you have to be good at that. And, and, you know, everything like that. So, you  and whatnot, and then three and last, right solving this really big problem in the world, having an actual sort of global impact and impacting a million, if not a billion of people. So, in regards to that, that sort of three-part framework, it's sort of building a company around those three things. And one, right, again, solving a big problem, right? Once you get those barriers down, once you hired a team, right, with right vision and whatnot, all right, then you go to the whole commercialization process. So that's a whole other thing, right?  actually sort of scaling a startup, right? I'm not one to speak on, you know, how to run a company, right? I've never done that. But nonetheless, like in regards to actually getting started on the process, that's sort of, you know, how I think about it. What are the areas from a moonshot perspective that you think are really interesting? Like, if you were to start a company today, what areas would you look at to create the next moonshot? Oh, absolutely. Space. Space, again, space is the easiest to go to answer. I absolutely love that. Honestly, if I can choose any part of space, though, space is space, right?  bring us to the Moon and to Mars and to hopefully other planets in the future. So someone who's laying the infrastructure for things in space and further exploration, there's some really cool things. I've seen at my time at Lux, for example, I've seen one company do orbital transfer vehicles. So the way to get things actually to space and from whatever factories in space or whatever it may be, or another company I've seen really, really cool. They're doing lunar manufacturing. That's insane. How cool is that?  wrote the book, you're working with Josh, Josh is fantastic. And not as a great track record, but he's also a fantastic human being. What do you want to do? Do you want to build a company? Do you want to be an investor? Do you want to write more books? Do you want are you just crossing your fingers hoping you graduate college? I mean, to your point, yes, absolutely. But um, yeah, so in terms of you know, what do you want to do next? So I absolutely love so you know, I mentioned this before, but like, I absolutely love the the model of VC firms that you know, not only invest, but they also build in house where they incubate in house.  us back on track in terms of scientific and technological progress. Anything to support that, by all means, I'd absolutely love to do it. I don't know what that means, government, working in the education space, even entertainment. That's actually one thing. One thing that's really, really cool, if you think about it, some movies, for example, social network, The Martian, all these movies that really inspire the general public. If we could just make science cool in some way possible, that's my life's goal. Make science cool.  you get to ask me one question. The first is what's the most important book you ever read? You can't say your own book. So what book do you read? Yeah, of course. Of course. So there's one book it's called, it's called Letting Go. I think it's by Richard Dawkins, if I'm not mistaken, but he's like a psychologist and whatnot. And again, like, like this book, like, you know, it's all about sort of letting go, like sort of surrender in regards to like your emotions and whatnot. And, you know, sort of getting through whatever hardships that you're dealing with. And honestly, like, like that book was, I read that book  suggestion. Second question is about your sleep schedule. You're in college, so I'm assuming you don't sleep too much. I used to be the same way, but one, is that accurate? Are you not sleeping that much? And two, any rituals or anything you do around sleep? Yeah. So actually upon viewing some of your, your podcast episodes, I have been thinking about it more. I also, I see, you know, like, like the one company like eight sleep or something. I see a lot of people raising that's the sponsor, man. I told them, I told Mateo, the CEO, I said, listen,  to make up more fresh. So I hate the fact that Mateo is the one who always is sleeping so well because I feel guilty when I'm around if I haven't slept, but other than that, it's. I know I absolutely know. Like, yeah, like some days it's just tough, right? Like, like, you know, I'm doing full time at Lux, full time student, you know, was working on this book last semester. So it was definitely tough to get enough sleep in. But now I realize like I, you know, that what's up. I was giving that one book.  aliens if you're so obsessed with space or aliens real or no, you believe 100% you think they might come to earth. I think they've been here already. I'm not even joking. So, all right. So one thing and actually I know in your interview with Mike Solano, right? He said that, you know, there's evidence of, you know, UFOs, but he's neutral on aliens. I think because there are UFOs, aliens exist. And what I what I mean by that. So, so I was actually talking to one of my friends,  this sort of UFO flying throughout the air and whatnot. And it was more like a Navy ship where he was saying, and the person was running like sonar, like radar or something, I forgot what, he noticed that this sort of UFO, it sort of violated all sort of, everything that we know about physics, right? It was just not in line with what we know. And it was going from like Mach 31 or Mach 31, however many times the speed of sound and whatnot or light, or mixing it up. But nonetheless,  So yeah, maybe it's a new version of a dinosaur. Who knows? I'm pretty cool. I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm joking. All right. What questions you got for me to finish up? Yeah, yeah, of course. So actually, you know, I know, you know, big, big crypto guy. And I know you like that. So one thing I'm really curious about, and one thing I've read about in my book, actually, just like the cultural aspect around, you know, all these, you know, frontier tech, right, and sort of emerging tech, right, all these sciences and whatever may be so  they're participating, but like people in the hip hop culture, right? Athletes, celebrities, all these people start to kind of warm up to it. And then they see, you know, they're just like, yeah, this is the thing, right? And when that happens, culture just naturally shifts because they set culture. And if they become interested in something, the culture will follow. And so I think that it's less about like, yeah, I mean, sure, you could go like educate them on it or give them some or whatever. But I just think that it just is natural, just kind of progression over time.  So I'm trying to start like a blog and everything around, you know, deep tech and moonshots and stuff. So it's all my Twitter. Like I do everything that's better now. All right. So what was your Twitter handle? Oh, Arana, zero three underscore. Are so R, R, A, N, A. Zero three and zero three and underscore. What's the three four? I'm the third child. So I always have three. It's been like, I'm the third. My grandfather, my father. So I was like, hey, maybe you're third to. Yeah. Yeah.  go read, go educate yourself and know what this is again in the future. Awesome. Thank you so much for having me in.