 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  operator, kind of walk us through where'd you grow up? How'd you get into the technology industry and what'd you do? Sure. So I grew up five minutes from Palo Alto and five minutes from Sanjo road. So I was really kind of in the heart of technology and venture. Um, you know, went to Menlo high school, kind of grew up around, around the scene, ended up, uh, going to UCLA to study English. Thought I wanted to be, uh, uh, something, something in film. I was screenwriting for a little bit. I worked at UTA, which is an agency.  the car, moved back up to San Francisco. And then I was just, this was 2010. And there was so many great companies around. So, um, and I had, I still had good connections, but I wasn't like going to just get a job. I wasn't going to walk through a door and get a job because I knew anybody. Um, and so I just started applying every, every company I could apply to. And I, it turns out I was really good at applying to unicorns. I applied to Uber to be their 15th employee. I applied to Airbnb to be their 50th employee. Um, and I applied to Twitter to be like their 200th employee.  day to Kansas City. And so at that point, I was kind of, I was kind of being up by trying to apply to all these companies. And so I said, bucket, and I moved to Kansas City. And that was really my entry point into, into tech. I had to literally move from LA to San Francisco to the middle of nowhere to get a job. And then from there was just kind of became known for building products towards Zendesarle. I started releasing a bunch of products online on mostly on product hunt, and I had three products hit number one,  people like their gas in the morning and at night. So it's not a great time to be an operator. You have to wake up early and stay late. So I ended up leaving the gas industry. And luckily at that time I got a phone call from Tinder and I had used Tinder. I was an online dater for several years. At that time you wouldn't say that out loud because online dating was still kind of a, just a weird world and a weird thing to say you did. And so I ended up moving to LA. I was one of their  leading all the revenue products at Tinder, kind of from 20 million to 1.4 billion in revenue. And it's very much SaaS revenue because it's 97% of our revenue subscriptions. And from there just became kind of like Twitter famous, which sounds weird to say, you probably understand it, Pomp, but people were really curious to learn about Tinder and how we were suddenly becoming a monster business. And so I was shown to be  I mean, I think the biggest thing was they were really like very quick projects that I built, which enabled them to be a lot more timely. And so one of the products was a good example, Slack was blowing up. Everybody was joining these kinds of consumer Slack groups. So Slack was really an enterprise tool. They did not want you to discover the fact that they had like AOL chat rooms. And so I released the kind of  by giving them more traffic, but eventually took that one down and they sent me the, the funniest part of the story is they sent me a pair of Slack socks after I took it down, which was less than the price of the domain. I was like, all right, great. Now I have to wear your socks on my feet to remind myself of this season, this is letter I got. But that was one of them. And then another one was called Startup Adoption Agency. And so it was just this idea of everybody was launching products on Product Hunt.  marketplace of ideas where we try and connect entrepreneurs and DCs with projects they actually want to fund. Again, there weren't machine learning teams, there weren't big projects, they were just things I was doing on the weekend. But as you know, if you just release a lot of things, whether it's content or no-code projects, and they do well, people start to associate you with being a certain type of person. For me, it was just  It was more of frustration because keep in mind, I was also trying to launch this gas business on the set, which was just an impossible logistical business to run. And I was like, I can't release this because I have to deal with literally like local regulations and governing bodies, but I can release this little cheap project on the weekends. And then when I got to Tinder, I didn't have engineers. All I had, they ended up giving me access to this platform where you could  would send them what we call the swipe surge notification that just said like Tinder's blowing up at Coachella like open Tinder right now. And I would do that for all the large events in the country. So that was one example that no engineers and then we ran a similar thing on in dating the biggest day kind of like our Black Friday is always the day after New Year's because people make their resolutions. They're probably hung over this sitting on the couch.  on the side, like sending these cool push notifications that's driving our highest traffic days. And then suddenly, people started to take me more seriously at Tinder. But I think anytime you enter a new job or a product team specifically, you need to earn the respect of your teammates. And for me, I didn't have engineers, but I had this little tool that I could mess around with. And I think I became known on the Tinder team as someone who could do good work just because  and what the product can do, but then things like push notifications, you know, all sorts of prediction algorithms. Um, just how do you think about product and what makes a good product in today's environment? Yeah, I think, um, you always have to start with one core product loop that just works. Like, um, uh, for Tinder was when we tried to innovate on swiping for, uh, five or six years, it was actually really frustrating as a product person. Cause you were trying to like outdo the swipe, but for us that, uh,  that's your retention tool that keeps people coming back because most people's phones are so crowded with different applications that if you don't have a good way to pull people back in through push notifications, they just won't think to open your app. And so a lot of messaging, the kind of highest retention apps are always messaging because you get the most push notifications generally. But for Tinder specifically, our goal was to get you a match as quickly as possible.  Like people perceive dating as a very high value activity to their lives. And if you miss a push notification, you're slow to respond to someone, that might be your soulmate. And so maybe you just miss the person you're supposed to spend the next 60 years of your life with, or maybe it's just the person that you want to have a fun weekend with. So it's a pretty high value activity. So we were really lucky to be in dating, which I think is just a fun place to build in.  user interviews or data or just like something in your gut tells you, this is what you need to build. You need, you need those big ambitious projects. Um, and most of those projects actually don't end up working sadly. Um, you know, I think it's, it's why, uh, companies do things like AB testing and you do try and roll out cheaper versions. So you're not spending three or four months of engineering time doing those projects, but, um, you know, around all that is, is just a ton of AB  For most startups, you don't actually build that for a couple of years. At Tinder, we weren't great at A-B testing until probably four or five years into the company. I'm sure there's still room to improve. Yeah. What about user research in terms of not a master stroke of genius, not actually just we're going to throw things out and test, but actually going and talking to the users and getting specific ideas or feedback from them. How did you guys think about that from a product iteration standpoint at Tinder? Then how do you think about it for startups in general?  probably 2018 or so, in which Tinder was already four or five years old. And I think a lot of the feedback we got at certain times was done kind of by third parties, which it's hard for someone who works in product and thinks they know what they're doing to kind of like trust like third-party research. And someone does like a big user study and they tell you what to build. So I think the most  I think in a couple of years where I literally just, I identified our highest paying subscribers. Um, and I just asked them if they would do a phone call with me and I probably did 20 phone calls and I was like, holy shit, like these people will talk to us. So, you know, we're a, uh, a public company and our users will still talk to us, but it was just a good lesson that, uh, people are willing to talk to you. And I think the more you can just have one-on-one conversations like we're having right now with, with users, as long as you have  the business. Talk a little bit about just the philosophy behind kind of gamifying some of the Tinder experience that you already knew had product market fit. Yeah. So, um, a lot of people refer to Tinder as a game. There was, there were moments internally where we referred it as a game. I think some people think that's off putting, but the truth is a lot of people want to use Tinder just to have fun. Um, a lot of people don't even plan to date. They just, they like the game of swiping on people and seeing who likes them. Um, and so we, we definitely leaned into that. I think,  video jam and you kind of, your player goes on fire or like Mario Kart when you get the, I don't know what the icon is, but you start racing on the track a lot faster. And we tried to lean into those playful moments and we added crazy video game like animations just to let the user know like, hey, we know this is kind of ridiculous that you're buying a boost to amplify your profile. We don't want this to feel like Google AdWords.  crazy thing. And, um, we, we didn't want to be a serious product and we never, we never, I don't think we ever got there as a product, which is a good thing. Yeah. Before we move on to talk about the investing, uh, talk a little bit just about one or two stories, maybe like what was the biggest product improvement you made that moved the numbers in a positive way? Uh, and then maybe something you guys tried that you immediately realized that we might be tanking the numbers and probably should shut this experiment off. Yeah, totally. So I think, um, kind of my defining moment and the big product I built was  And when you're both swiping, but, um, you know, again, back to video games, like we have these rules that we come up with as product people. Um, and my job on the revenue team was to break the rules a little bit for, for a subset of users and say, Hey, if we, if we let 10% of our users, um, access this feature that, that kind of breaks the game, um, will that, will that, a, is that something that they want to pay for? And then two, will that literally just like blow up the ecosystem of Tinder? And in the case of.  everyone's checking the stock price and we can pretend that doesn't exist, but every day, everybody, when you walk in the office knows what the stock price is and everybody gets really excited. So when Tinder Gold came out and it literally like 2X the enterprise value of Tinder, people were just pumped up. The mood was always good when we walked in the office and our team was really proud.  as a social product. It has a higher TAM than a dating product. And so we built this product called Tinder Social, which basically allows you to swipe with friends. And it just didn't, like dating at its core is kind of a one-to-one activity. And we always try to build like sharing mechanics and all these growth, kind of growth hooks. But in some cases, people view bringing their friends onto Tinder as being competitive.  and way better looking than me. So I had to be like the funny intellectual person on the side who would occasionally like meet my soulmate in that way. I love it. Let's talk about investing. You're investing at a chapter one. Talk a little bit just about your investing philosophy, why go focus on this full time and kind of how you think about the companies that you're looking for. Yeah, sure. So while I was at Tinder, I was doing a lot of investing and I had  this legal compliance. And so I decided just to run an experiment again. I wasn't thinking too deeply about it. I just emailed my backers on AngelList and said, Hey, I'm starting a fund who wants to invest in me. And I think I had a million dollars of commitments within a day. And I was like, Holy shit, now I manage, I'm managing a fund. And so then I made a deck and I got more serious about it and ended up raising about a $10 million fund over the course  I just enjoy working on different problems during the day and investing is the perfect job if you have any ADD. Then launching chapter one, I think launching new funds is so tough. It's so noisy right now. You need to figure out what your hook is. Again, it's like a product. You need to have something that just stands out in the marketplace. For me, I knew I loved working on product. I knew I loved collaborating with founders that way.  any product questions, whether it's you're having like some issue with your A-B testing platform or you're having like this big existential question around what you want to build and you just need like a third party to come in and play a tiebreaker a little bit. And then I thought to myself, where do people really need help with product? It's before they have product market fit. And so it made sense to be an earlier stage investor. And so we do pre-seed and seed investments and typically kind of look for teams that have  say, maybe that product doesn't matter, but like distribution is everything. And you know, the truth is probably somewhere in between, like you need a good product and you need good distribution. How do you kind of think of that at the earliest stages, especially, you know, pre-seed and into the seed round, uh, for companies, especially the ones that you're working with that are very product focused? Yeah. I, um, I've talked with so many people at this topic and I, you know, like the, the prideful product person, he says like product is everything. Um, it's all that matters. But as you mentioned,  people just don't like downloading new apps. So that's a big question on the B2B side. I think there's different unlocks, whether it's, hey, we just got through YC and we have access to 3000 YC companies. That's a growth unlock. But I'm always looking for different unfair advantages. Or especially right now, I just did a consumer deal and we're just  It's really interesting. As you think through building in the earliest stages, is it something that a pre-seed, a seed company, again, master stroke of genius, just because they don't have enough traffic to really run an iterative process and get feedback? Or do you think that many of these product folks can still run that iterative process and maybe they don't have tons of traffic, but they can do some things to short circuit learnings and really get the product into place where it's valuable  We see a lot of people do this at different accelerators or studios more when they're incubating ideas is you can take out 15 or $20,000 and run a bunch of smoke tests against different landing pages and product ideas to see what converts and see what people will literally just sign up for. Sometimes you can AB test products with medium posts. Sometimes I'll have an idea and I'll say, Hey, I'm building this. I'd launch a medium post.  I do think it's harder to be tested and start off at don't be creative and figure out ways to get that traffic because you can do it if you have a little budget. Yeah. You're investing as a solo capitalist. Talk through the thought process of why invest as a solo capitalist, what are the advantages, maybe what some of the disadvantages are as you've been doing it for a while now. Yeah. We were talking about this before the show, but I've always invested on my own.  faster speed by being so low, you can win deals. And I let a seed deal this week where I was literally, I got to them first and I said yes before they could talk to other investors. And if I had a team, I would need to pull in someone else and it would be this whole process. I think the key is building a support system around you, either through platforms like Angelus or by setting up your own back office where you don't have to worry about the other parts of your job.  but maybe one day somebody will come into my life and I just need to work with them. But until that happens, I'm so happy doing what I'm doing now. Yeah. How do you think about the balance between like speed of decision-making and quality of decision-making? This is something I constantly go back and forth on, right? Because when you're a solo capitalist, you definitely have speed, but you don't have those investment committee meetings. You don't have partners that you can kind of bounce ideas off of. How do you  of these companies and there's this slightly different twist where this is actually the company at the back. So having a prepared mind is a big part of it. The second part is building, kind of building your support system in terms of peers and people you invest with. So I invest really often with the same people. I know we're on cap tables together, but I invest with guys like Ryan Hoover,  investor can be a really lonely job as you probably know. And so you need to figure out who your peers are going to be. And a lot of people build peer groups within investing. They try and go really wide. Like they have a hundred people who they catch up with every couple of months. And it's not a very intimate relationship, but I've kind of just picked, and it's happened naturally, like 10 people who we just love to bullshit all day long about investing.  smaller funds as being first check funds, and then you kind of spin up SPVs for your winners. I talked to a lot of people who are smarter than me, Mike Maples from Flugge, Christiks and from Andreessen Horowitz, and they all insisted and they showed me data that suggested having reserves would increase my performance as long as I could pick the right companies to double down on, which is an entirely different ability.  pretty good first check picker, but TBD on it, thumb the right. Um, if I'm good at reserves and reserves management. And so I'll be curious to see how that plays out. Are there, are there anything other than just pure returns that you're looking at to see how you'll measure whether you're a good kind of reserve picker or not? Uh, for me, again, I worked on revenue teams, like I'm very dollar driven. And so, um, there's no, there's no, uh, kind of like, like I'm going through,  can't return capital to investors, I'll be out of this game. I'll be back on product teams after fund two. So I'm really kind of returns driven. It's hard because you meet great entrepreneurs and maybe your check size isn't big enough that they give you, or maybe you love them, but you just don't see the kind of market potential in what they're doing. And you have to say no all day long, which is the hardest part about this job. And so yeah, that's kind of how I think about the world. Makes sense.  And then they have this other fund that has a platform and they have like a platform team and they have 10 partners. And it's just, it's like, you can imagine how that model to some entrepreneurs, it appears to be a better place to go. And it's just different people view, view Silicopals as being your other view as a founder, your view as an angel. And so those are hard conversations because I think the right now, again, like if there's a great company, there's going to be dozens  power you think you have in the market and how you're viewed as entrepreneurs, reviewed by entrepreneurs. How has your process changed with the pandemic and the lockdowns? Were you already doing most everything remote and not a big change? Were you taking a lot of in-person meetings and you had to adjust? It's been all Zoom. I've invested in, I think, 40 plus companies this year and I've met one of the entrepreneurs in person.  And so, and we're in a pandemic, so there's really no other option. You have to figure out how to evaluate people on video. And it's a lot of it's social cues, a lot of it's reference checks, but I've just become so comfortable interacting on video. And to me, I don't need to like shake someone's hand and have copy with them anymore. Of course I'd love to. I love, I love meeting people in person, but if you do that, you'll probably miss the deal. Yeah.  kind of take on Austin, Miami, LA, San Francisco, New York, and wherever else internationally people are considering. Yeah, so post that photo yesterday, my wife sent me and I looked at it, I was like, we had a lot of good times in San Francisco. I started my career there. I was born in the Bay Area. I met my wife in San Francisco. And so the Twitter narrative is so bearish on San Francisco. And it's gotten really aggressively anti-San Francisco. And at times I've been a part of that.  so many great opportunities and it was just a good reminder that the city itself and the various given me so much and I was just trying to like create some positivity around San Francisco because a lot of my friends still live there, a lot of my family lives there and to wake up and see people shooting on your city all day long probably doesn't feel good. And candidly we might move back to San Francisco at some point because again I grew up there and I still think there's so much value in being  a great company. And so it's very, the one great thing about the pandemic is I think people have finally just, they're like chasing their innate desires. It's kind of like this fantasy world where it's like, where would you live if you could actually live anywhere? Again, this is for people who are lucky enough to be able to do that. And you're seeing people live in Hawaii, you're seeing people live all over the place. And it's a very privileged thing to be able to do, but I'm seeing people