 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Harley here with me. Thanks so much for doing this, sir. Thanks for having me, Paul. It's great to be on the show. Absolutely. Let's jump right into your background. Obviously, you haven't been running Shopify forever. So let's just start kind of from the beginning. Where'd you grow up and how did you get to the president of the business? So born in Montreal in Canada, grew up in South Florida, moved down there when I was a kid and ended up going to McGill University when I was 17. So I moved back to Canada.  It's sort of like, you know, it's, it's this European enclave in the middle of Canada and it's just amazing and interesting. And I was 17. I want to be by my, I want to stay on my own. So I tried my hand at a couple of different jobs. I've been DJing since I was a kid. So I DJ on weekends and I tried to sell vacations. Nothing really allowed me to subsidize my income and help my mom and sisters. A friend of mine told me that, uh, McGill university spends a bunch of money selling t-shirts or giving away t-shirts and that I should go to the t-shirt business. I knew nothing about the t-shirt business. Uh, but I,  a lawyer, but to become a better entrepreneur. And this particular mentor was teaching law at the University of Ottawa, which is the capital of Canada. And so I applied to one law school in Ottawa, moved here in 2005, and didn't have a friend or a family member, didn't know anybody here. I'd never even been to Ottawa, but I came here for school. And I started asking where the entrepreneurs hung out. Those were sort of my tribe. Those are the people that I always hung out with. And I wanted to sort of meet other like-minded people. And I was directed to this random coffee shop in Ottawa,  like Amazon or eBay or something like that, which, although it was inexpensive, it didn't allow you to build your own brand. You were effectively renting customers from those marketplaces. You didn't have a direct relationship with the consumer. But the other way to build a beautiful, scalable, unique online store, it was really expensive at that time. And we're talking about like Magento, ATG, Hybris, WebSphere, these really big investments, and he didn't have that kind of money. So like any good entrepreneur, if you don't like the two options, you generate a new option.  in 2009 and said that piece of software that you had built, that you had written gave me independence. It helped me find my life's work. It was effectively a superpower for an entrepreneur. And I wanted other people to have that same experience. And that was about 11 years ago. How did the t-shirt business turn out? We shut it down around this time I started at Shopify. I found that fulfilling t-shirt orders and in the early days of any company, as you know, it's you're kind of a Swiss army knife. And so I was sort  because I pretty much wear that every day as well. Where did your obsession with black T-shirts and black hoodies come from? I always felt, so after law school, I articled for 10 months, which is effectively the process to get called to the bar to become officially a lawyer. And the dress code at this law firm, it was a law firm in Toronto, was obviously a suit, suit and tie every single day. And I always found it ironic that they were pushing this idea of wearing a suit and tie every day because  good. And so ended up discovering and actually meeting James purse from James purse, the brand. And what I loved about James person from a product perspective was I'm not a small size amount of medium size, I'm kind of in the middle. And James purse does this zero 12345 kind of sizing. So he has sort of these half sizing. And then I think a couple years maybe around 2013 or 14, I realized that wearing a t shirt during Canadian winters just didn't work. It was just too cold. So I found these hoodies from a company called blue salt, which  have it grow into what it's become today?  scalable, it's going to have all the things they need. But it wasn't until I think around 2014, 2015, kind of, you know, a year or two before the IPO, the people began to realize, wait a second, this is different. What Shopify is doing is they're trying to create new entrepreneurs. We're giving software to existing entrepreneurs and making sure they can run, scale, build businesses more effectively. But what we're also doing is we are expanding the definition and the pool of people that self-identify as entrepreneurs.  these, you know, kit, these amazing companies that have built huge businesses from their mom's kitchen table all on Shopify and never, never had to leave and never will leave. But it's those, those merchants that make that the first time entrepreneurs who commercialize their hobby, who need to make more money, especially during a pandemic, who hate their job and want to find a way to self actualize and be creative. And I think this idea that Shopify has become the entrepreneurship company, that is something that people are just beginning to understand. So when you think of that, like, there's the what I'll  You either needed to be an engineer or you need a lot of money to build your own online store. There was some open source software when we got started, but it was very, very complicated. And again, while the marketplaces do play a role, you don't have a direct relationship with that marketplace. The marketplace effectively is renting you these customers. And so if you want to have a real brand, you want to build something, that's not a great solution either. So step one or chapter one was build an online store. And then one of the things we began to realize was that there are these things that are really important to build.  the Shopify point of sale, Shopify retail, so that you can sell in online store and an offline store, and it all feeds back in one centralized back office. And then that has sort of evolved and expanded to what I think is, and we don't really use this term much, but it's worthwhile mentioning, this idea of Shopify being a retail operating system, and where you have this centralized back office, where you have your inventory and you have your marketing tools and you have your shipping and fulfillment tools, and you have reporting and analytics and everything you need to run the day-to-day, and one major channel,  like capital, we've given out about a billion dollars of capital to small businesses. We've added the Shopify fulfillment network, which I know you want to talk about later, which I'm happy to talk about as well. We've added things like a Shopify balance, which makes things like cash management easier. And this just continues and continues. And so what you end up with is that every pain point that an entrepreneur may face, we're trying to reduce that. We're trying to level the playing field so that someone that has a great idea can become the next Allberge or the next Bombas.  have woken up and to your point, maybe it was a misunderstanding of what you were going after, and then two was a size thing. Now that you're more than a $100 billion business, people start to say, wait a second, this is a massive business, this market is way bigger than we thought. Also, the Shopify platform is very, very compelling when compared to some of its competitors. How do you think about where you pick the battles to fight against competitors, whether it's Amazon's FBA, whether it's delivery, fulfillment,  Like as if it's so normal, but that is incredible. Now, the reason it's incredible is as follows. It is, that's not a flex. It isn't like, look how big we are. The reason that we're so proud of being the second largest check-in is because if you were to pretend for a second that we were a retailer, you were a store, when we would go to a payment company or a shipping company or any supplier in our ecosystem, in our universe, as a retailer, we would have this massive economy of scale. We would walk in with gusto in the console,  You were getting them at this incredible scale because you're part of this, you know, larger platform, this larger community of over a million Shopify stores. So the more scale we have, the better we can arm these rebels, the better those rebels can compete and more of those, you know, what would have been insurgents can become really incredible incumbents. I mean, it's I don't know this for a fact, but I assume at some point in the Nike boardroom, they're talking about Jim Shark and they're talking about all birds. That is amazing.  could cross sell directly from the admin on Walmart or on Amazon or on eBay or certainly on all the social media platforms because that's where consumers are. That's where they're hanging out. If this was a hundred years ago, you would want to sell in a town square. That's where the baker sold bread and that's where the cobbler sold shoes. That's where people were hanging out. But because consumers are hanging out everywhere, the responsibility that Shopify has to our merchants is to make sure they can sell anywhere. But the reason that folks often sell on some of these marketplaces beyond just getting access to that  We're still shipping it on your behalf, but now your brand is what the consumer is interacting with. And what we try to figure out is where do we have an unfair advantage? So capital is a great example. Small businesses notoriously have trouble getting capital. It's just banks don't like to lend small businesses. They don't have a lot of assets. They don't have a lot of collateral to put down. And a lot of the banks don't have access to information to make a smart underwriting decision. But we do. We understand the size, the value, the health of each of those businesses.  how they're playing now. Consumers voted with their wallets unequivocally in Q4 of 2020. We saw this during Black Friday and Cyber Monday and throughout the holiday season that they would prefer to buy from independent businesses, assuming it's as convenient, as easy, as pleasurable. And it is. One-click checkout is now offered with Shop Pay. The ability to fulfill properly, we can help with that. The ability to have a beautiful online store, we can help with that as well. Or cross-sell on Instagram, we can help with that too.  You know, it just something like, you know, one click checkout that a consumer may have been frustrated a couple of years ago that if I'm buying off an independent store, the checkout takes, I don't know, 30 seconds or 60 seconds takes a full minute. Whereas on some of the marketplaces with one click checkout, it's much more convenient. And so even though they know and they feel they want to support those independent businesses. And I think the way a lot of them think about it is when I buy something from an independent merchant and independent entrepreneur, I am voting with my wallet.  big marketplace. But again, Shop Pay or Apple Pay or Android Pay, if you've ever used Shop Pay, but Shop Pay to me is the greatest way to check out on the internet. It's not only fast and convenient and safe, it's a pleasure to use. It's quite unbelievable. And so as you begin to take away some of the value that those big department stores at big marketplaces have, and you replicate that and you give it to the hands of the rebels, you see consumers shifting their buying preferences.  And I think we can still handle and make sure the end consumer has a great experience, but care about the merchant. And then I think probably the final point is I don't want everyone wearing the exact same black hoodie. I like the fact that I can browse amazing direct to consumer brands and brands in general and find something that is uniquely me that fits me, that looks good on me, that, and I can support all the people behind that business. And that I think is, I'm not sure COVID changed that, but something is different.  you know, kind of now versus what your guys are building in the future. Yeah. The neat part of Shopify is that it feels so I've spent about a third of my life at Shopify in my mid 30s. I've been here for 11 years. It's a long time. And I hope to stay here the rest of my life. It's just it the mission of Shopify, which is to democratize entrepreneurship, to arm the rebels, to make commerce better is so the overall the Venn diagram overlap with my own personal interests is completely, you know, it's completely overlapped. And part of it  And anyone that has a passion could consider about sharing that passion with the world. A lot of what I'm doing right now is trying to tell that story is trying to ensure that more people consider entrepreneurship. And they may not try it with Shopify, although more and more people are using Shopify to start their entrepreneurial journey. So right now it's a lot of that. I want people to understand that entrepreneurship is not complicated and it is not expensive and it's not out of reach that it is accessible.  is growing so fast. It's a little bit like the red queen race. Are you familiar with that term? I am. Yeah. So the neat part about becoming like Shopify is because it's growing so fast, if you simply as an individual grow as fast as Shopify, there is no delta, there is no alpha, there is no way to continue to do your job and to re-qualify. And so what I love about Shopify is that over the years, there's always this big, interesting new problem that I get to solve. In the early days, it was how can we invite large  like quarterly earnings be a distraction to the vision. There is no shortage of those big challenges. And the way that I sort of view these challenges that I need to re-qualify for my job every year, which means that I have to run faster and grow faster than Shopify does. And that is incredibly difficult and incredibly rewarding.  right now you and I are talking and there's two squares. There's the pump square and the Harley square and we're next to each other. And it would be great if you and I were in the same room together. We would feel the energy. Maybe there would I would notice particular body language or voice inflection or I would, you know, there would be nuances of the conversation that would be difficult for me to pick up right now. But what was happening more and more was that when we were when I was joining a meeting, there would be three or four squares, you know, Google Hangout or Zoom or whatever.  communication scale and the way we interact with each other. And then COVID hit and we said, look, we're going to go digital by default, which doesn't mean we're never going back to an office, but it means that Shopify's office centricity is over. That going forward, we will use offices and leverage offices for things like onboarding and planning. And when we need to get together to do something really difficult and where being in person really, really matters. But generally we're going to be a digital by default company and COVID sort of accelerated that.  in a way that is meaningful, that is authentic, even though it may be digital. On the merchant side, we told everyone, I think it was like March 17th or March 18th, 2020, throw out your plans for the year. Whatever you were planning to do, whatever your roadmap was, it doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is helping entrepreneurs that you Shopify survive and get through this thing. And so within a couple of days, we extended capital to, we were just doing capital in the US, we extended capital to small businesses  let the world see that when the world was at its worst, we were at our best. And I hope the legacy of Shopify during COVID was that we really, we not only put out new products and really developed functionality so that entrepreneurs and small businesses could survive this thing, but we showed up as the entrepreneurship company. And that's my hope of what will be, when people look back on what we did, that's what they see. Yeah, I mean, you guys did a fantastic job from somebody who  to a physical or analog space and a geographic boundary. We're obviously watching kind of the build out of a digital economy that necessarily isn't tied to those geographic spaces. And so if you think of what you guys have built, it's basically digital storefronts and you could imagine kind of a main street and you guys have been a huge part of that. But there's also other elements to that digital economy, whether it's digital currencies or other types of technology. And so just how do you see kind of the world evolving?  And, uh, that was early. Yeah, it was early. That was definitely early. And not just that, but I actually remember the first store that made a sale, uh, using crypto. And, uh, I don't know if the store still exists. Um, I'm sure all of your listeners will be checking out, but it was actually SMS by 50. Uh, it was 50 cents, a headphone store. So this is around the time where beats by Dre just came out. And I think there was a lot of attention around combining, you know, celebrity culture with hardware and stuff. And so beats comes out, does really well.  which is sort of formerly known as Libra. We believe in a world with more choice and more entrepreneurs, not fewer. And I think our merchants data does not belong to Shopify. The way that we view data is our merchants data is their data belongs to them. They own it. The only thing that we can do is give them insights based on that data so they can make better decisions. And I think that this idea of trust is sort of at the core of everything that we do. And it's a filter for every decision that we make.  We wanted to make sure that we were going to be the launch partner for that. Or when, you know, we heard that Walmart was going to open up their marketplace with third party sellers. We want to make sure that that day merchants were able to go ahead and cross someone on Walmart or Apple pay was available. We feel the responsibility and the weight on our shoulders that if merchants are going to put the trust in us and going to put their business on Shopify, then the onus and the responsibility is that we have to always show up with the most current ways to process, to do business, to interact with consumers.  you as the operator, meaning the storefront or the business owner, you can choose to use whatever you want. You want to accept Bitcoin, knock yourself out. If you want to accept US dollars, knock yourself out. It's kind of your choice. I think that that optionality is obviously very valuable for a lot of business owners. How do you think about some of the stuff that we're seeing? And I don't want to get into specific examples, but there's all these questions now about everything from privacy to data to deplatforming. And it just feels like, I'll say the crowd and really that's just  evolved over the last maybe even two, three, four, five years? For us, the way we've always looked at it is that companies, company culture, company decisions are very much based on the people that are making those decisions. And one way to ensure that you are running a scalable company that makes good decisions is to systematize things. So years ago, there may have been particular stores on Shopify that some people liked and some people didn't like, and some people thought where  accessible use policy. And what it does is it sets a list of things, a list of terms that are prohibited, actions, products, connections to the owners of the store. It sets out what is prohibited on Shopify. And in one example, it prohibits the promotion or the support of any organization or any platform or any person that threatens or condone violence. It's just an example of the AAP. And then we have a team, it's called Trust and Safety,  that a lot of companies are trying to avoid is is is systematizing it. It is nuanced and the AUP probably, you know, one example I'll give you is is ghost guns. Ghost guns, if your policy, your your terms of service are effectively a proxy for legality and you rely on the law to dictate what's allowed and what's not, the law doesn't catch up very quickly. The law is there's legislation, there's common law,  these decisions, and it's made it easier for us to be as objective as someone can be. Yeah, the one thing I'll add to this is I don't think many people who have, haven't had the, both the pleasure and also the headache of working inside a large tech company that's scaling very quickly is, there's this understanding, like you're not going to get it a hundred percent, right? A hundred percent of the time, right? And so it's, you're going to try to do the best you possibly can in every single situation, but obviously there is going to be edge cases.  way to create systems that get better over time where you learn from, you know, you learn as you watch how laws are evolving and that's what we're doing. And I think it's again, it's not a perfect system, but it gives us a framework for making decisions that I think are objective and people can criticize, but at least they understand why we decided to do something. I think that's the best way to be. I've got five questions that I want to kind of run through in a lightning round that you're going to ask me when to finish up. The first two are Shopify related.  sounds patronizing, but it's not meant to be. And one of those stores is, one of those entrepreneurs is Ben Francis. I met Ben in 2012. He was delivering pizza, Pizza Hut in the UK and London, and he was going to school and he didn't like that the apparel industry had not created something for just regular people going to the gym. Not talking about big dudes that really are, you know, benching 800 pounds. And he, so he created a lot of apparel brand called, called Jim Shark. And  sophisticated and smart. And so watching Ben's story all the way from literally dorm room to, it just came out that Jim Shark is now more than a billion dollar brand that was in the media in November. So I can say that. There's a twinkle in my eye thinking about that story. I'm incredibly proud to watch to see that. So if I had to pick one business that is super transparent, digital first, kind of all the things that  invested in a bunch of different companies. But the amount of startups and brands that have been inspired by Ben's story, that have now gone on to create their own stories, that flywheel effect of entrepreneurship, I mean, that's what I'm here for. That is one of the most important things that is not really well documented or talked about because that is the infinite game of all this, that more and more entrepreneurs are being created. And some of them are doing it for money. Some of them are doing it because they want to be famous. Some of them are doing it because they need to survive and put food on the table.  I mean, if Shopify was our capital business, for example, if it was a standalone company, it would be one of the biggest capital businesses on the planet. Our point of sale company, if it was a standalone point of sale company, just for brick and mortar, it'd be one of the largest point of sale companies on the planet. So there's so many different moving parts to a business of our size. And Black Friday, I think we processed $2 billion worth of GMV on one day. I mean, there was, I think on a permanent basis, we were seeing of a 1.1 or 1.2 million  but it's actually Shop Up, I think. The average tenure at Shop Up is very, very long. And part of it is that we look at people's careers as jungle gyms and not ladders. And someone who's running a team may want to go be an individual contributor, and someone who's an individual contributor may want to go ahead and run a fulfillment network. And as long as you re-qualify, we want you to stick around. And that's been something that I'm really proud of about our company and our team. It's impressive. Three more questions. First up is the more serious one. What's the most important book  things about hard things is kind of the new modern version of that because I think that Ben goes into detail about that stuff too, but I thought high up it was just amazing. It's a classic for a reason. Exactly. It's classic. Second one is a little bit more personal. Our friends are over at 8 Sleep. They've got this thermoregulation bed that I've been sleeping on and I've become fascinated with getting better sleep. What is your sleep routine and how has that evolved over time? I'm sure when you were the only non-engineer employee  into the day. Um, but actually, you know, I, I have pretty high anxiety. And like I mentioned earlier, I've learned how to manage it. One thing that I've done and it's become almost, you know, almost common practice in tech and I think in, in sort of the entrepreneurship space, but meditation has been one of the greatest things I've ever done. Um, and I, I, I, I'm religious about my calendar. I, I, I diorize everything in my calendar from a walk with my wife to a five or 10 minute meditation, uh, or mindfulness session. And, uh, I think sleep is incredibly important and I don't have any ritual other than I need pitch black.  I think you actually realize is if you want to do this over a longer period of time, again, like it's been a third of my life and I wanted the rest of my life, I need to find a way to do this in a sustainable way. That doesn't mean slowing down. That doesn't mean me getting lazy or lethargic. It just means, you know, I grabbed some tea before the session because it's in the afternoon. It's almost 3 p.m. here Eastern time. I want to make sure that I bring my best to this discussion. And I know that if I drink coffee now, I won't sleep well at night. But if I have half a glass of matcha, it'll give me just this calm