 Bang, bang. What's going on, guys? Hope you guys are really excited about this interview. I really enjoyed it. I think you will as well. But before we get into that, make sure that you like this video, so more people on YouTube can find it. Make sure you're subscribed to the channel. And don't forget that BlockFi is the sponsor today. They've got three products you can buy and sell crypto on their crypto exchange. You can deposit crypto and earn up to 8.6% APY in an interest-bearing account, or you can deposit crypto and take out a US dollar loan against your crypto collateral. You can use the description right here, or you can go to blockfi.com.  Then came out West for school and spent most of my career as an entrepreneur. So I started and sold two companies, second one to Facebook. And I worked on a bunch of stuff there, worked on product and some ad stuff and had a good time. And with that second company, actually, the way I got into crypto, with that second company, what we were doing was we were kind of like a, we were actually kind of like a TiVo in the cloud. So you give us the URL, we copy whatever was on the other side of it and make a copy of it. But the way that we did that was we built all of this really  solve the hardest problem we had, which was like, how do you get people to donate computational resources to this network? Like this Bitcoin thing might solve it. And so for a hot minute, we said, maybe we should just become Bitcoin miners. So in like 2011, we just started like mining a bunch of Bitcoin. This is like pre-ASIC era, right? And so 2010, 2011, and we were not pressing it, we were not visionaries, we didn't hang on to it. So we like, you know, there's a period where it ran up to like, you know, 100 bucks or whatever, and we basically just sold it. We're like, this is a  how old you were, where you lived, who you were, it was just like you were a handle and you had some ideas and you threw them out there and if they made sense and people engaged with you and if they did make sense, you got ignored. And you could kind of have this like just amazing experience. I'm sure you remember this from like 2017 where you would show up in a chat room or telegram group or a signal or whatever and it would be like this motley crew of people, like the group of people in crypto, even to today,  It's just be like a weird party. So it could be fun. It could be a blast, right? Well, it is a blast, right? I mean, that's what makes crypto really fun. It's just like all these people in the fringe kind of like showed up to the same party. And so we looked at in 2017 and we were like, this is so fun. We just want to do this all day. So we threw, we've just threw down some desks at my place and Curtis would come over every day and we would like to be in these chat rooms. We'd be reading white papers and we're hacking on some code and writing some smart contractors having fun with it. And kind of added that  a bunch of the more traditional VCs who are phenomenal. I mean, these are like the world's best investors really quickly realized that crypto is different and they're not really set up to do it. You have like regulatory challenges. You don't want to go register with the SEC. You know, back then it's a lot better now, but you know, four years ago, if you, if you invest in some token network, like what all of a sudden one day, like a USB stick shows up with $5 million on it, like what do you do with that? Does your associate just hang on to that at their house? Like that doesn't seem like a good idea. Right. So  And they're like, hey, take our money. You should probably take it. Like we've been burning, we lived through 2008. And so like one of the number one lessons we learned is like, if people want to give you money, you should probably take it. And so that's how we started electric. And now we focus 100% on crypto and crypto networks and have been fortunate to be able to do that for the last few years. So you are my favorite accidental VC, which goes right next to my favorite non VC, which is Jeff Lewis at bedrock who who continues to tell everyone that. So we've got accidental VCs. We have not a VC. And I'm sure that somebody will come up with a  the money supply, fixed supply, Austrian School of Economics, all that kind of stuff that we bootstrapped up into to understand. But we come at it from a much more bottoms up perspective. Our take on it is through the lens of software. And so what you have here is, in our opinion, the pendulum swinging away from the internet, the internet as we know it today. If you think about what the internet was designed to do or what it has become, it really optimizes for speed,  for privacy, like what can I do? And once you change the constraint set like that, it's sort of like Marshall McLuhan, the medium is a message kind of a thing, right? It's like, actually, once you change the constraints, people just become really creative and you realize you can do totally different things. And so the question then is, okay, well, you have this technology stack that basically does this totally different set of things in the internet, it's the inverse of the internet. So what is it good for? And I think the failing that most people have had is they look at it  And the criticisms were like, hey, because the Blackberry was so dominant at the time, the criticisms were like, oh, it doesn't have a keyboard. And like, you know, like it doesn't let me do this or, you know, the screen is really small or the internet connection is slow or there's no apps. Like there are all these criticisms and what people totally miss were like, oh, well, it has a GPS on the device and has a pretty good camera. And the touchscreen lets you just do totally different things. And so I think if you look at the sort of blockchain and crypto universe, the question is, what is all this stuff really good for? Like, where does privacy matter? Where is it okay if things don't happen in like  is this technology that's just good at a totally different set of stuff than the internet and a massive market, which has everything to do with money that the technology is just a perfect fit for. And so to us, that's where all this starts. And so that's our understanding of Bitcoin and our understanding of Ethereum really came more like bottoms up. And then we learned about the economic side of it and we're like, oh, this is digital gold. But to us, it's the technology that's always been the interesting wedge.  And then there's kind of a hybrid, which is like, well, Bitcoin is going to be really important, and that's likely to be the winner in the digital currency space. And then, like, there's a bunch of other stuff, but they don't necessarily compete with Bitcoin. My guess is that you're in the third bucket. But one, I want to make sure that that's true. And then just kind of explain like everything else other than Bitcoin as you're kind of thinking through decentralization to the protocols. Yeah, we're absolutely in that third bucket. Like Bitcoin is the biggest and most important protocol today. It will be one of the biggest and most important things in this entire space. It's the gateway drug for a lot of people.  And that very naturally starts to lead you to something like Ethereum. Or hey, wouldn't it be great if actually you could tweak some of the parameters and make it much, much better for like micropayments? Like ETH has some challenges around gas fees. And that might lead you to something like Mobilecoin, which is really optimized for payment flows. And so you can start, I think Bitcoin is really, really important, but we sort of think that there's going to be many, many thousands of tokens, there are going to be many, many  including ourselves, I think have not really fully internalized is what it means for computers to be able to own money. Right? So like if you start from this place of, you know, Bitcoin is money, like the bits themselves are the value. That's kind of a crazy concept, right? That's, it's a bare instrument. That, that means, you know, unlike your bank account, when you go to your bank, that's a representation of money. Like you log in and then you got to go to the bank. It's really an IOU from the bank.  pretty fundamental breakthrough because what that means is that computers can be counterparties to humans and there doesn't need to be a human on the other side. Or what it means is that actually computers, like machines can pay machines. And so once you start playing that out, you're like, wait, so that means like you could do really crazy stuff eventually, things like you have a self-driving car driving down the street and enough of them line up and they like all decide to pay the stoplight to turn green. And so you can do like microtransactions and actually now like all the lights in the city would turn green  like money, smart contracts are this really interesting thing because what they do is they take like a quadrillion dollars of stuff that's happening in the world and allow you to express it in code. And so if you think about anything that has to do with money, right? A will or a trust or an escrow or a re or a mortgage or a security or a derivative, like literally a quadrillion dollars of the world is here's a pile of money and here's a bunch of rules around that money. Like, you know, Anthony had access to it, Avicyl does it. But like in six months,  quadrillion dollars of stuff is going to get eaten up by these kinds of tools. How it happens and stuff, I think it's going to take a decade to play out. We're still in the really early days. We very well, using a Facebook analogy, we very well may be in the MySpace era of this, where we are starting to see that this is possible, but actually, we haven't realized how it's going to go mainstream yet. Or maybe if you're in a space book, we'll know in 10 years. I think we haven't yet really figured out how this stuff is going to change everybody's lives and I think it's going to change  existence? Is it literally every protocol will have to have smart contract compatibility? And so it's less about like, which one is the smart contract platform? And it's just like, at what point does a protocol add that functionality? Just like, how do you think about that among the different protocols? Yeah, I think it's a really good question. And it's a tough question. And there's a different question. There's like a slightly, there's two different questions there. There's the question of like, what happens in the world? And what do you think is going to happen in the world? And then there's the like investor variant of that question, which is like, okay, well, then how do you construct  network effects, fiat on-ramps and off-ramps, regulatory network effects. These are all things that are moats around a layer one protocol. In Ethereum, far and away has the lead there, but it's still very early days. Then I think you'll get number two, number three, number four. Depending on how you think about it as an investor, that could still be a fantastic opportunity. If you look at social networking, which is another network effect driven business, Facebook was obviously the big winner, but LinkedIn did fantastically. Twitter is really important to  social media companies or other network effect things do. And so you might get one thing that's sort of the money chain, which might be like ETH. You might get something that's much better for NFTs because like, you know, scalability is such a challenge and gas fees are so high that like crowds out a lot of non fungible token use cases. And so maybe that just moves somewhere else. And so, you know, I think it's TBD how who wins and how they win. But I think that my best guess is that's how it'll be is like winner take most and then specialized chains for different use cases  So, I think that's a good argument for Bitcoin as money and that not being kind of fiat or kind of in the traditional technology format. But what else? Like, how do you think about the actual everyday life of a person somewhere in the world changing because of this crypto infrastructure? Yeah, I think it's going to be kind of like the phone in a sense, which is to say that it's going to change everything, but you will stop thinking about it as a separate thing.  these primitives, and then you won't even call them crypto companies. It'll just be, that's just like an app or that's just a company, right? So a really concrete example would be, you know, like Facebook is doing this, what used to be called Libra is now called Diem, which is the idea that you could have this way to move money really, really quickly between people all over the world. And of course, that makes sense inside something like Facebook Messenger or WhatsApp, and in a lot of other use cases. And so like Shopify is part of that network. And then try to make that happen. And they have all sorts of challenges. But you can imagine if they launched that, like,  What does it mean for a musician to make music but retain the rights to that music? Is there a way for them to essentially have the rights be digital and be guaranteed that they own them, but perhaps be able to resell them? Or what does it mean for a creator to be able to raise money? Creators are really interesting. Creators are like the new small business. Like 15 years ago, if you were a SaaS business and you went to a bank and you're like, hey, look, we have really good ARRR, will you lend us money?  you when you're just starting out and there's a limited number of tokens and those tokens give you benefits. You get to be part of an invite-only fan club. Maybe those tokens appreciate in value over time. When that creator is really popular, then those tokens are worth a lot of money. Creators are playing with this kind of stuff today. It becomes for the creator a financing mechanism and for the fans a way to support the people that they care about, but also potentially participate in the financial upside of identifying people so you become a talent scout.  a certain value for that ecosystem. The other would be something like, hey, Uber wouldn't have been possible without mobile phones with GPS in it. And therefore there was a technology leap. And then that unlocked a whole bunch of services, not just Uber, but many like it that use that GPS functionality. And so it almost sounds like you're basically making the argument like both will happen, right? It's not a binary world. Like some of it is just taking existing things in the world and now using tokens and protocols and smart contracts to now put them in this new technology form factor, but also because  Like you see them trying to explain this new thing, the internet, and they're just like to now to us, it's just like so obvious, but they're just struggling. And so you have these like hilarious videos and stuff that people try to explain the internet and the prevailing wisdom at one point was once people got their head around the idea that the internet was like the information superhighway, the natural conclusion was, oh, well, of course this is going to be great for CNN and the New York Times. Like they're going to be just huge businesses and Walmart is totally going to be able to sell stuff online and be  Procter & Gamble that gets to make the call. And so the question in crypto land is, yeah, like all of this stuff gets baked in to existing companies, Shopify and Facebook and whatever else. But like, what does a crypto native organization look like? And like, what use cases does that infrastructure unlock that you just couldn't do before? Because if you play that forward, I mean, Amazon was sort of an obvious one, like in the sense that like you could see e-commerce was going to happen. But a lot of the really biggest businesses that came out of the internet were the things  they can find you. Like these are all the things you're not supposed to do. And they're like the biggest businesses. Right. Um, so the question I sort of think through is like, what is the wave of stuff where it's going to look really obvious in hindsight, but in the moment you're like, that looks batch it like, why would anybody do that? Um, and that's really hard, but I think those are going to be actually a really big thing. So there's like this set of obvious stuff that we just talked about, like, you know, mobile payments. Um, but I think there's going to be just be some really, really wild stuff that I don't think we've like fully scratched the surface up, um, that that's going to start to happen. And the other thing that  Or, you know, have like a GPS. And so we could take like the desktop maps and say like, oh, okay, I can put a map on a phone now. We could like port it over. But it literally took like, I think Uber was 2010. And so that means it took about three years of people playing around on the iPhone for people to figure out that like the killer app was not that I could go somewhere, but it was that like other stuff could come to me. You had to like turn the idea on its head and that was actually the killer app for GPS. And so like, I think we're still like in the very early days of this exploration.  sometimes the best investment strategy is like, I'm going to go find the smartest people that are going up to the biggest markets. I'm just going to give them money. And like, why I think I'm smarter than like, they'll just figure it out. When it comes to crypto and decentralization, is the team or the person less important because you're now talking about a decentralized system. They don't have control and kind of, there's all these new frameworks or paradigms, or actually, is it still the same thing when you think about allocating capital? Like you're just looking for really, really smart people going after unique problems or hard problems.  great in crypto versus what does it mean to be great on the internet. And, you know, on the internet, you have people like Jeff Bezos or Travis Kalanick or Mark Zuckerberg create just huge amounts of value. And they had a certain archetype. There's a certain profile there. There's a certain set of skills. And I think what's interesting about crypto is that the skill set is very different. And so you have brilliant people like Vitalik, but he operates totally differently from Zuck, as you know, right? Like, and there's this sense of like,  of people that can really be successful here and why. But I mean, I think you can look at somebody like Vitalik and you're like, I don't know, would he have been successful, like going through Y Combinator? Maybe. But he's clearly, clearly the right type of person to be operating crypto network and be sort of the steward of that. Yeah. Talk a little bit about conversations with limited partners or investors in your fund and how that sentiment has shifted over the years in terms of 2017, 2018, people sound like they were just like literally throwing money at you like, hey,  institutions anymore. And like, this is their real problems here. Like censorship is a problem. Like all of these things that crypto people have been saying for years and years, and we all sounded like loonies. All of a sudden the LPs that had heard these people talking about these things sat up one day and were like, wait, maybe you're right. And that basically happened in like March, April. And I think that was, that was a pretty pivotal moment. But even, even before that, you know, I think you have to kind of break down like institutional investors into like what kinds of institutional investors. And there are like large family offices or ultra high net worths. There are endowments,  sovereign wealth bonds. We're not yet at central banks. We're not there yet. That's where the line is. I think the conversation, the big shift basically has been that every time, the best way, in my opinion, to have LPs set up and take note is if the person to their left just made a bunch of money. What ended up happening in 2016, 2017 was a bunch of billionaires had some friend or a friend of a friend who was a 100 millionaire and that guy became a billionaire.  Even inside every sort of group of LPs, there are some people that are just way more rational about it than others. And so I've been really impressed to the degree to which there are these like really smart, ultra rational investors. And when you meet them, how quickly they get it. And like the three things that those guys are all into now that all those people are into these like hyper rational, smart institutional folks and they get is crypto, marijuana and e-sports.  money going to be a thing? Like, of course. Like, what are you talking about? You know, is these fours going to be a thing? Of course. And so there's this element of like, uh, when I talked to a bunch of institutional investors, a lot of them will literally reference like my kid is all into this, right? And like, it's driving them. They hear them talking about it. And for whatever reason, they have this inclination. Like my kid's probably right. My kid knows nothing about investing, but like my kid's probably right. Uh, it's, I do think that that has a big impact though, right? That's yeah, that's hilarious. Yeah. I mean, that's, that's a fantastic investment pieces. You should just like,  And in almost every single situation, they have somebody who is younger than them that has gotten them in, right? So whether it is their child, a friend, you know, whatever it is. And so it's always fascinating to see that in those conversations, they'll say something like, oh, you know, my kid's been like every single time I see him, like he's always just pounding away at me about this stuff. But then all of a sudden they see market prices move and they say, wait a second, like maybe I should spend more time here or maybe actually this is the right kind of thesis. And so how do you think that that plays out not only from  thinking  innovative and things that are created when you're five or just like the natural order of the thing and you have the world to your point earlier, right? So like for like a 15 year old today, like all this stuff is just like how the world is going to be. But yeah, I think most institutions are not quite there yet. I mean, I think the other thing that that's worth noting here is like, they're not irrational, right? Like these are really smart people. And part of what happens behind the scenes is like how these decisions get made. And so like, I think like I didn't know this before.  catalyst. And this is where I think COVID really changed a lot. Everybody realized that if we're going to a zero interest rate world in USD dollars, USD denominator world, the euro is already there. Then if you have yield targets, if you're trying to make 7% a year, how are you going to do that? And so all of a sudden, people are open to the idea because they have to be. And so I think it's inevitable, but yeah, it's still very early days for anything that's not Bitcoin.  get the overinvestment, the thing is never going to accrue enough capital or enough intention or enough people to really make sense. And you see that there's this whole, if anybody wants to go read Carlotta Perez, there's a whole economic theory around why you need bubbles, basically. And it's an important part of innovation. And the thing that I think might be in a little bit of a hype cycle right now is essentially decentralized infrastructure. And in part, it's, I think, the people who are forward-thinking developers have experienced this themselves. Developers have an experience  And developers have been feeling that pain for a long time. And so now everybody sort of, I think is starting to understand that the pain is acute. I kind of liken it to the Bear Stearns moment in 2008, where like if you were paying attention, Bear Stearns was a really big deal, but the Lehman moment was like a year later. And so I think we're now building up to this like bigger and bigger stuff is going to happen. And the world is waking up to the idea that literally, you know, five to 10 companies control whether or not you exist on the internet and the internet is like your life. And so all of that is now a problem statement.  all of a sudden you can just go truly decent. Like I think it's going to be hard to build like a truly decentralized Twitter that just works in the next 12 months. Yeah. And it feels like we're now getting to the point where technologists understand like centralization is a risk, but maybe the users don't yet. And so, uh, I keep talking about like the develop, it's the developer's responsibility to build decentralized systems because the users don't care. But at some point in the future, users will care, right? It's kind of like encryption. Like now users do care about encryption, but, uh, maybe 10 years ago, like that wasn't as big of a deal. And so  like who wins essentially, right? Or where is it actually there's coexistence? Like maybe there isn't such a competition. It is literally just coexistence. Like, how do you think through that? Yeah, it's a really great question. I spent a lot of time thinking about this and have spent actually a fair amount of time talking to, um, to regulators and policy folks and, and, um, and people in the intelligence community as well, um, and law enforcement. And, and I think, um, you know, if you have to sort of think through it, I think game theoretically, which is like, who are the actors and what their incentives and what does that mean? And I think if there were only  best government in the world at this. And so what are they doing? Well, what the Chinese government has done is they basically said, you know what, we're going to let the supply chain for Bitcoin exist here. Like, yeah, make the ASICs. That's great. Run them here. Like, run your mining pools here. That's awesome. We love that. But you know what? We don't really love people buying a lot of this stuff. So we're going to make sure that like that's pretty much under our control. And so they hit this like perfect sweet spot where they like have influence over this stuff. They're building capacity. Like President Xi said, we're going to invest a bunch in blockchain infrastructure. We're going to subsidize that.  If you're doing any kind of goods transfer, if you're doing any financial transactions, all of a sudden, you have this way better system now. It's not like the old school 1970s Fedwire system that takes weeks for your cash to show up where you need because it has