 The  mining rabbit hole. In 2016, the S9 was just released. I just started filling and building racks in my dad's warehouse. These workers and employees were looking at me like I was an alien. We just started hashing. Then from there, I saw a lot of opportunity, fragmentation in the market, US miners struggling to order machines, the value of the S9s I bought in early 2017, 10 folding, and it really just led to the  working management consulting and I was a lead solution engineer at a risk management software company. Awesome. So when you start mining Bitcoin, how do you get from that to Blockware? So great point. So what Blockware is, is it's a vertically integrated Bitcoin mining and general blockchain oriented company. So just to give a background on Blockware and what it is, first and foremost, we're a wholesaler and large distributor  As a client, you may ask, where do I put these machines? So we host the machines. Blockware has placed over 45 megawatts of hosting equipment across different location facilities. And over time with our vertical integration, we actually co-partnered and desired to operate our own facilities. So we're a part of a facility in Kentucky that currently has about 20 megawatts running. And as I go into Blockware mining as an entity as well, my second entity,  just to finish the block blurb, we write industry reading, leading research. I'm going to cover some of our research today. I think we're writing a really nice piece and it'll be researched and available on our website. The title is Bitcoin Market Outlook in 2021. 40,000 is only the beginning. Pot, between me and you, we've got an amazing top track to run through there. Then also, we operate a Bitcoin mining pool. A lot of my messaging is and key messaging that you'll hear me say and I'm  in this report out into eight different sections. And I figured maybe we could kind of go through each section and give us a little overview of exactly what you guys talk in there and help people go in and download it. But the first section is all about mining rigs and kind of record demand. Elaborate on that a little bit. Yeah. And real quickly before we do that, I did want to touch on my second entity, my other business partner, Michael Stolzner. He has 30 years of derivative trading. It's block reminding. It's actually our investment vehicle. So I did want to  in talking about a record demand for rigs. So what you're seeing in this space right now actually is institutional participation as it relates to mining rigs. So if you look at an institution, and it's amazing what we're seeing right now, we view this Bitcoin uptrend as being fully institutionally driven. So with that, as it relates to mining rigs, you're seeing institutions that are investing hundreds of millions, if not billions of dollars on mining rigs  machines at a time and buying future batches. Right now, you're seeing lead times of nine plus months because of the institutional participation. That's fascinating. It's not only institutions driving and buying Bitcoin, it's institutions sucking up all the Bitcoin mining rigs, which creates lead times that are off the charts than what we have never seen before.  That just signals to us that retail has yet to enter. It's an indicator that the retail frenzy has not begun. If you think about the cycle of Bitcoin and what happens in different commodities and equities, retail is the last to enter. They jump in after all the smart money came in or the institutional investors came in. That's an indicator that we have not seen retail participate as it relates to this cycle. We expect the Google  board. We've seen them lose market share. Coinbase has stably held market share and has from Q1 2018 to Q4 2020, very similar volumes. But the most fascinating thing of this is you'll see the CME volume. So CME from Q1 all the way up to Q1 2018 to Q1 2019 was just about even with the others. In Q2 2019, you saw CME explode. And the reason why that's so important is because  by altcoins. Explain this one. Yeah, this is a great one. And so if you look in 2017, what we saw was a retail driven market. So at that time, Bitcoin was actually at its lowest market dominance. And it was around that time that you really saw that crazy ICO craze. And that caused Bitcoin's market dominance to fall to 35% compared to where it's at today.  market, you just don't see that same type of custody and availability. I will note that Ethereum futures contracts will start trading on the CME in early February. That could change the script. It's not like we're necessarily saying that institutions never will buy into altcoins, but they're certainly Bitcoin focus. That is fact. A little bit further, what we'll cover is some of the highlights and news that took place with these public companies that have entered the market.  If you look just from a perspective of US dollar supply, in 2020, we saw circulation increased by over 24% in the course of one year. Now, let's backdate, 75% of all USD that is present today did not exist. That is an oh my God factor that I'm sitting here thinking hyperinflation, hyperinflation. 2020 proved once  2020. Everything is going up. When you factor that in as well, this also created the perfect storm for Bitcoin. You saw that March bottom of 3800. People started to perk up and say, what's my best counter against inflation? The answer is becoming Bitcoin. That's why and why we believe a lot of the participation is taking place, created the perfect storm. Infinite QE, negative incident rates, all of this  most of the other things that you've talked about are reactive, right? In terms of like, hey, we can look at this and measure progress based on what people are doing. This one is really kind of proactive, right? In the sense that this is driving action. This is forcing people to go and move assets. Is that kind of how you look at it as well? Oh, I completely resonate with you. It's a total reactive. And just to highlight some of the few things that are the reactive is Citibank putting  who in the past was definitely anti-Bitcoin, put out their speculation that Bitcoin will hit 146,000. Recent news, Goldman Sachs is thinking about offering custody service. You have Stenney, Drunken Miller, Paul Tudor Jones entering. You have Mass Mutual, Square Cash App, PayPal. I'm really excited to see what PayPal reports for their next quarter earnings, which are on February 3. It'll be interesting to see the volumes and their talk tracker on that. Then one of the ultimate evangelists that we can't miss  You can see that we're in the early stages. So if you look at prior Bitcoin runs, the average volatility or downtrend during these bull cycles is about 30.53%. We saw that 27% drop happen a couple of weeks ago, which is really nominal compared to some of the prior runs that took place. And what's really important to put out and aligned to is the halving cycles.  turn in the year of the halving is 206%. If you look at the average return year after the halving, it's 3,400%. So with that being said, and don't quote me on this, but we're looking at analytics and doing some comparisons, Bitcoin at the end of 2021, if we're looking at a 3,400% gain, that would put it at $700,000 by the end of 2021. Do you think that's where it's going?  Thanksgiving until December 31st where we literally went from like a thousand to 18,000.  nice little bottle of champagne on December 31st. We can drink it together. I'll make you a deal. If Bitcoin goes to $700,000 this year, which I do not expect it to do at all, but if that happens, not only one will I come back and pull this up and I will tweet it out and say that you were right. But two is, in New York, I'll get dinner with you once we're allowed to and we'll go laugh about it. That is a wild thing, but data is data. If that's what the average returns are,  Absolutely amazing. All right. So when you kind of look at this, institutions, when they come in, what do they do? Are they buying Bitcoin or are they buying mining equipment? Is it like 80-20, one or the other? What are you guys seeing right now? So what I'm seeing right now is some fascinating inflows. I believe that you have public participants like Square, like some of these hedge funds that are taking percentages of purchases and micro-  take a look at these public mining companies and what they're doing. Really, I'd say it's skewed right now towards most of the money is flowing into purchases of Bitcoin. What you're seeing with these public companies is they're in foundry being a part of digital currency group, which everyone knows of grayscale, they're capturing a ton of the accumulation that's taking place. We have a whole nice chart in a research report that shows that. That also documents that this is  companies aren't buying these machines to just capture an appreciation, flip them and sell them. They're buying to mine them, hold the Bitcoin, and they're buying them because they're hyper bullish on Bitcoin going forward. Seeing really the emergence of these public companies like Mera, like Riot, who I'm a part of on the advisory board, like Bitfarms, and a few other names, putting their eggs in this basket is fascinating. I will not be surprised if there's a lot more public companies that are  sheet. Man, I love looking at micro strategies balance sheet with what they've done in the timing they made their Bitcoin investment. And if you look at how much their stock has been appreciated, it's really interesting. But yes, Bitcoin is going in treasury. It's on the balance sheet. They're capturing their quarterly revenue. There's certainly tax implications as to when they sell or how long they hold. So strategically, it makes sense for them to at least hold that for a year. These companies, I don't believe, they're not buying to  was he 85, 90%, maybe 95% of his balance sheets in Bitcoin? And seems to be working out pretty well for him. Oh, yeah. And I mean, he also purchased personally like $177,000 Bitcoin himself as a side trade. I think what really will trigger a massive run is when we start tapping into pension funds. And I've seen you write about this as well. Imagine capturing between 1% and 5% of pension funds. You're talking 1% to 5% of trillions  consume Bitcoin's market, gold market cap with Bitcoin as a digital gold narrative, you're just going to see that price appreciation. And, you know, it's already taking place, you know, there's websites that are just tracking by the minute, you know, Bitcoin's at this level. And, you know, and there's those tweets go out, which I love to see. Foregone conclusion, in my opinion, I absolutely think that's that's what's going to happen here. But, hey, what do I know? I'm just a guy on the Internet who who happens to have a lot of conviction and basically risked his entire net worth on all of it.  of addresses in the 2017 bull run, they appreciated by 60%. Right now, we're at a 18% active address appreciation. I'm looking for active addresses to hit that level and that'll be like, for me, hey, here's an indicator that retails in. With that, it could be an indicator that Bitcoin booms. I'm also looking at the number of whale wallets, as I call them.  and that can help you find the market top. The best traders in the world, and I've had some amazing mentors like Michael Stoltzner, who heads up block reminding, he has 30 years in derivatives and runs a company called Futrex. In the 90s, he was the largest Euro USD clearing house out of the Chicago Board of Trade, then was the Chicago Board of Trade pit boss. He's taught me a lot of grit and mentality. Also, Jim Ropel, who's a hedge fund manager in  as you may think from a company like Blockware Mining and Blockware Solutions. One thing that I'm actually looking at as well is hash rate. Something that we're seeing that other people may not be looking at is hash rate is typically a laggard during bull markets. Right now, and we have charts in the report that show this, but hash rate is lagging behind Bitcoin price. During all these historical cycles, the hash rate, Bitcoin price outpaces difficulty.  would make me think that we're there yet. So is it fair to say 40,000 in 2021 is just a start? It's just a start. And that's the title of the paper. And I will stand by that. We're just at the beginning, man, what a frenzy it was. I'm sure your mailbox blew up from December 15th to early January. I mean, I'm still behind on emails just like you are catching up from this market frenzy that took place, which is  I think like what you can learn from a book like that, from a master writer is a lot about morality, integrity, general philosophy, and just an amazing storyline that I really just resonated with. And it's a fascinating series of books.  And I try to get up early, try to exercise. I like what's going on with that company and it totally resonates for me. Early to bed, early to rise, leaves a man healthy, wealthy and wise. That's what my dad used to say to me. I love it. Yeah. It looks like some sort of family's background. Your dad is a fascinating guy. Absolutely. Last question is a little bit more fun. Aliens, are you a believer or non-believer? A total believer. And I was laughing like during the last,  assets like is it there now? Like what's going on? What about yourself? Definitely. I don't know. I don't know if little green men have come to earth, but, but, but for sure, something out there is just too big. Yeah, I agree. All right. So you can ask me one question. What do you got for me? What are your thoughts on Bitcoin mining? Like I, you know, I, I know pomp and pomp is, is a Bitcoin evangelist. In general, like what, what are your thoughts on Bitcoin mining and, and, and, you know, where do you,  to whether it's Bitcoin mining or actually using the protocol or things of Lightning Network, I just think they were going through a paradigm shift. It's less about me trying to convince people anymore. It's just like, hey, if you can't see what's happening, then you're just not looking. You're intentionally trying not to pay attention at this point. Yes, there's institutional adoption happening. Corporations are going to do this eventually. Central banks will. When it comes to mining, it's like anyone in the world's electricity can start to earn. That's a pretty powerful thing. I think that's pretty cool.  So this is pretty cool. And then as you kind of go down the rabbit hole, you're like, wait a minute, this Bitcoin thing is like literally, you know, once in a lifetime type opportunity and disruption. So I just naturally gravitate towards it. Oh, that's all. I didn't know that's what led you into the whole crypto space. Well, mining led me into crypto. And yeah, same thing for me. I like in my friend's basement, we had a bunch of GPU mining, or I just plugged in, we were mining Ethereum in 2016. And it's cool to hear that you're a part of that. Yeah, I think Bitcoin mining, you know,  on top left, you'll see our new report that we just released, 2021 Bitcoin market outlook, $40,000 is only the beginning. You can see our historical research there as well. Blocker Mining, reach out to us from the website if you want more information there. That's an investment vehicle we take on institutional and accredited investors. It did really well. It launched in December 2019. We caught the early cycle. We're rapidly expanding and really excited about what Blocker Mining's potential