 What's your favorite part of the show?  what exposed me to a lot of the more traditional financial services side of things. So I worked in their banking capital markets group and a lot of the post financial crisis regulations, a big focus on large scale technology implementations and risk management or other regulatory compliance initiatives. And then was introduced to Luca through mutual mutual friends and hadn't worked heavily in crypto. I was familiar. I'd read the Bitcoin white paper.  It was something that I knew the industry or I thought would get to eventually, which is one of the things I think we're gonna talk about today is as mainstream as adopting all of this. So at Luca, we build institutional grade software and data products to support middle and back office operations. Got it. And so I know you're not the founder of the business, but you lead it today. Help us understand kind of the impetus for the company's creation  through a lot of conversations that the right use case there wasn't just a Bitcoin tax calculator, but it was a cryptocurrency tax calculator because there was a lot of innovation going on and new assets being created on blockchains. And then around 2017, company pivoted towards institutions. It was a lot of the funds that now been created by that time and fund admins, some of the smaller fund admins were starting to take on crypto fund clients. And so we built  at an institutional grade for kind of middle and back office. To many people would seem unsexy and frankly, they don't understand it. So kind of when you go into a corporation or an organization, like what is the conversation like? What are the themes you're seeing? And kind of maybe how does that sentiment shift even over the last year or so as you've been a CEO? So it's all about the data to start. So if we're working for a customer and we're trying to figure out whether  a lot of downstream challenges for the middle and back office operations. First, just collecting all the data. Second, trying to make sure Bitcoin is Bitcoin. You look at Kraken calls Bitcoin XBT and Coinbase BTC, two of the largest exchanges in the US for the most commonly traded assets. So when you get to the other 7,000 plus assets that funds are trading on today, it gets much more complex. And then we fill in things like cost basis proceeds.  helping them pass an audit, tax reporting, financial statements, ledger entries, all the traditional financial requirements that usually people take for granted when they start putting crypto assets into their businesses. Got it. One of the things that's been really interesting to me is you just highlighted this kind of very elementary problem of just, hey, if two different exchanges call the same asset, two different names, then that can cause confusion. But also there's some much more new  And so how does that kind of affect a lot of these accounting standards? How much of that today across all of those different issues are still complex obstacles that people need to navigate versus, no, we're getting to the point where there's some pretty good standards here and you feel pretty comfortable that corporations moving forward, whether in the public or private markets, are going to have a nice foundation to stand on and everyone agrees on what that treatment and rules are? So absolutely, like you pointed out,  your mining applications, your staking applications, all that short-term income, all the airdrops that people experience on a recurring basis, all the net capital gains that they get, or receiving an income and applying something at fair market value. I think all of that is fairly straightforward. We might be missing very formal guidance, but it doesn't mean that the standards aren't there. We do have draft guidance. I know the AICPA has a ton of leadership groups and  there's a lot more education to go, but the good news is, is yeah, a lot of those basic functions, most of the standard setters agree on how we should address them. So one of the things that's interesting to me is that we're going to digitize the assets, then there's this element of decentralization, and then ultimately we'll get automation out of it, right? Where people can interact with protocols, machines can transact with other machines, and there ends up being just a more efficient automated system. Is there a world where we eventually get to the  So they currently have one of their funds that strikes NAV every single day. And that's because we worked with them maybe a little over a month to sort out some of the processes to make sure that their data flowed in and that we could accommodate that. It gets much more complex. The larger the portfolio and really where your trading activity gets into, mixed derivatives into it, mix DeFi and UniSwaps and all these new things that are coming out, makes it more complex. So we still have to figure those out. But there's absolutely a path.  Most of that data is not off chain. So it is from privately held centralized databases. So like that you would get over a Coinbase API or a Kraken API or whatnot. So a big portion of it is not on chain data for sure. Yeah. Walk through some of the challenges with DeFi. You mentioned that there are challenges, but maybe just elaborate on one or two of those that you guys are actively dealing with. It's really the same thing that I just mentioned is traditionally when someone chooses a liquidity  value associated with it usually. And so some of those very simple things we have to fill in using some other techniques, all definitely solvable. But some of the data isn't as readily available, and it's often much more incomplete than we need in order to satisfy some of those reporting requirements. Got it. And then maybe we could talk a little bit just about this idea that you've previously said a lot of what we're talking about today was in the innovation labs inside these organizations, especially the large corporations  you could argue a decade, probably materially, maybe the last five years. And as these traditional financial services companies are coming in, they're reading a lot of the technical white papers, they've got innovation labs that are exploring a lot of things. I think the biggest thing, and this is advice that I gave to any of the larger financial institutions that I speak to, is to don't look as much at the underlying technology, look at the ecosystem, because that's really where we're seeing a lot of innovation as well.  And it actually in some weird way feels like that's accelerating. Is that fair from your perspective? Absolutely. We've been waiting for what is happening right now before our eyes for several years. We've been preparing for it. We didn't know when it was going to happen specifically. We were all hoping it was going to happen soon. But it is kind of a domino effect. I mean, even by Luca's partnerships that we've announced with State Street leading our series C this past winter and partnerships with companies  some other crypto asset. We know it's Bitcoin today. I'm sure that'll that'll work its way down to the other crypto currencies over the course of this next year. But but yeah, very, very exciting. And then it's whether it's all the regulation like what the OCC has been putting out lately. I mean, allowing the custody of assets, you know, comparing what we're doing in crypto to things like like Fedwire and and and whatnot is really, really exciting. You mentioned a couple of big milestones that you've experienced  already been partnered with for over a year and we go to market with them for our Luka Tax for Professionals product and then SMP. And all of those we were talking to in commercial relationship capacities before investments and we were raising our Series C last year. So those big partnerships are natural companies to speak to. And so we wanted to focus on that, particularly in our press release because we thought it would help the industry and help with some of the adoption.  We plan on improving it to add all the features that our customers are asking for related to DeFi very, very quickly so that they can start using them right away and benefit from their back offices being organized as they're adopting some of these new financial products. And then continuing to scale our footprints. So it's pretty, honestly, the use of the capital is pretty basic. It's just to expand our business, continue to execute,  part that you've done and announced publicly is this partnership with the S&P and there's some indexes and some other work. Maybe talk a little bit just about kind of that relationship specifically and some of the stuff that you publicly announced. So we are providing our Luca reference data and Luca Prime among other data products to S&P to support them as they create their indices for crypto. They haven't announced specifically what  continue doing what they're doing, but hopefully with crypto assets involved in a much more material way. Got it. And would it be fair to say that majority, if not all of the business for you is really B2B, whether you're going B2B and providing software to those middle and back offices, or you're providing these data feeds and kind of reference data to somebody like an S&P, and then they may go B2C. So that's more of like a B2B to C type model. Or do you actually have direct touch points with retail and any of the products?  We have in a pre-launch mode and we'll be announcing it very soon here in the next week, a free portfolio management tool that is a consumer product that's absolutely free, which we would believe will help support the industry. And there's some very inexpensive tax add-ons. So if they need to do tax reporting on top of that, it'll be extremely cost-effective for the retail. So in that example, we are going direct B2C and we'll continue to build those out.  to then move kind of downstream into the retail market as well? Is that generally how you're thinking about it? Perfectly said. That's exactly what we intend to do. There's a ton of innovation that goes on in the crypto industry and so you get a ton of startups, a ton of companies that are doing great things. However, when we start doing things to institutional standards, it becomes much more challenging. It's much more costly. I mean, even just our annual audit costs to maintain our AICPA socks  that people can trust and that are accurate and that they can support and that they're very comfortable using when they're filing their taxes or doing any of those other things that could potentially put them at risk if they get it wrong. Absolutely. I got to ask for somebody who was a helicopter pilot in the Marines to running this business, what are some of the similarities and also some of the biggest differences between those two jobs? Sure. That's a great question.  for our customers and making sure that we focus on their needs first. You know, same thing as a helicopter pilot. You know, our customer was different. In that case, it was the ground troops or the infantry or anyone on the grounds that we're supporting. It's the same premise here, is we're solving problems so that they can rely on us. So we're in, I consider our company to be in a support position to other companies' businesses. For sure. Before we move into the kind of lightning round  move into and serve for the industry as it not only brings in kind of more adoption, both an institutional and retail space, but also different types of assets, different types of mechanisms, and kind of really moves to digitize most of the legacy financial system. So I mean, as our industry is moving fast right now, and particularly in the last six months, I like to say that it's picked up a lot here, which is exciting to see. And I usually resist a little bit when people say, hey, this is a new asset.  increase the liquidity of those assets and allow people to exchange them for one another in a marketplace. That's very, very exciting. I mean, you can apply it to real estate debt. I mean, you know, anything that's that has a store of value associated with it and ultimately create a marketplace that exchanges these assets in a new way compared to what we've seen before. Now, that makes some of these back office operations more challenging. So that's where Luca comes into the picture and we plan on, you know, stay bleeding edge for the middle and back  What is the most important book that you've ever read? Great question. So my first reaction here is Gates of Fire, which is about the battle of thermopoly in the 300, which I know everyone's seen the movie, but it doesn't do justice to this book. And it's just an example of setting the right examples of leadership, of standard setting that really fits into the overall culture  Has anything changed over the years, especially going from the military to PwC and now here, anything that you've kind of changed over time? Yes, I sleep less, I think is the story. I thought that I would get used to sleeping less from the Marine Corps. And I think it just made me missleep more instead. But I've gotten used to acclimating to it. But I think that the bigger takeaway, kind of like you hit it on the head  I see a trampoline in the background, so I'm assuming you have young children who probably are not making this easy for you. No, that's definitely a challenge. I think they help and they help keep the focus though for sure. They don't necessarily help sleep. I love it. Last question, a little bit more fun. Aliens, are you a believer or a non-believer? I don't see how...  like that, but definitely. Arms and legs or eyes, but I think there's something out there. I love it. You could ask me one question to wrap up. What do you got for me? Sure. I'd say, you know, where, what do you think is going to be the biggest milestone in crypto in 2021 specifically? 2021. I think we see a Fortune 50 company put Bitcoin on their balance sheet or at least Fortune 100.  to not only do it, but to do it and kind of publicize it, right? You know, some people would argue, Hey, look, somebody probably has already done it, but to really come out and say, Hey, look, we're doing this. Here's our thesis behind doing it. And we're committed to this, I think would be, you know, kind of, you went from retail investors to kind of, now you got these institutional financial service companies. You'll think, you know, more traditional corporations, publicly traded companies, and then eventually you'll get the central banks. So those are kind of the next two milestones, but I don't foresee it.  not on social media, just with the company. Yeah. I love it. That's an easy way to make sure everyone goes to the company website. Absolutely. That's better than going to my personal one anyway. All right, man. Listen, thank you so much for taking the time to do this, Robert. We'll have to do it again in the future. Yeah. Happy to come back anytime. Thanks for having me.