 Alright guys, bang bang got an awesome episode today with Josh. Thank you so much for joining us, sir. Thanks for having me on. Absolutely. You've got an amazing background in terms of you've worked at some of the most innovative companies in the world. And now you started a company that's really pioneering kind of this bio wearable space. Before we get into what you're doing today, I want to go back. Tell us a little bit about your background, what you did at SpaceX and Hyperloop. And then we'll talk a little bit about that.  selling used cars and then got the call I was waiting for and went and worked at space X for about six years. And that, that was for sure one of the highlights of my life. And, uh, you know, during, during my time there, I think I completely changed as a human being, uh, like end to end, just completely transformed the way I think about the world, uh, where I see myself on the hierarchy of intelligence, way closer to the bottom than I had previously thought. Um, but it was, it was an unbelievable experience. And I met some of the best people in the world.  generally, sort of an Occam's razor type approach where you just like go for the simplest solution typically and also attract really exceptional people with a big mission. So that was an unbelievable experience. I eventually worked on the astronaut life support program. So SpaceX was previously, you know, they were a satellite launch provider initially. And then the big transition came when it became clear that that part of the business was working and now it was time to  And for people who aren't familiar with that, um, that system is essentially a maglev train. So a magnetically levitating high speed train inside of a tube. And you evacuate all the air out of the tube so that there's no aerodynamic resistance. And so now with very limited power draw, you can maintain really high speeds. So much higher than a maglev train in open air can do. Um, so we, we built a full scale concept out in Las Vegas and I was, uh, I was able to work on that.  maybe there was an experience or some kind of training that really got you from what I'll call a civilian to now kind of be fully indoctrinated into this type of thinking and, and, and really kind of problem solving. Yeah, I think it, so it's a pervasive culture of simplicity. And the, the easiest way to describe this is like, as a really green engineer going into one of my first meetings at, at the company, my expectation was that,  not allowed. No one is allowed to use industry speak. I, as a, you know, fresh out of school engineer, understood everything that was being talked about. And it was being spoken about in sort of like an explain like I'm five approach. And it's very, it's like, it sounds a little weird initially when you hear conversations at SpaceX, because they're sort of like, well, what if we make it bigger? What if we make it like, what if we make it out of titanium instead of aluminum, that'll be lighter. And then we can add more, you know, the volume will be  may never get back to that same group of people in that same context at that point in the project to offer my insight. And just because I didn't have insight at that moment doesn't mean that I didn't in the future. And many, many times midstream in conversation, people would just hear an idea and say, well, why don't you try this? And the company, you know, SpaceX is a very build test iterate company. So it's, if you are waiting to build a complex version of a potential solution before you test it,  And they connect and like grab onto each other. And originally we were supposed to have to buy this system off an existing aerospace provider. And it was going to be on the order of, you know, close to $50 million or something like that. Um, and instead a team of engineers said, there's a simpler way to do this. And they built using McMaster car parts, which is like, it's an e-commerce hardware store online and snowmobile Springs. They built what we called the McDocker, which was, uh, I think it was on the order of like $20,000 worth of parts.  the way to the top. So like, I remember when the Falcon nine version 1.1 rocket first flew it, it tried to relight its engine. So, so rockets traditionally burn up and in, uh, on reentry. So they put their satellite in space and then fall back into the atmosphere and burn up. Well, um, space X was trying to land them and recover them and refly them. And when that first Falcon nine flew that was able to relight its engine and, uh, it wasn't able to land cause it didn't have any way to do so, but it relight its engine and slowed down.  And oftentimes you can get caught up in thinking about crazy complexity when at the end of the day, if you just describe it in its simplest form, that might be what you can do. How much of the language ends up determining the simplicity of the design versus the simplicity of the design determines the language. Like is there a causation there or they both go hand in hand? I really think it goes hand in hand. I mean, you, um, like by creating, I think by creating,  is like driven by simple language. You are keeping yourself at the root of the problem. You're not getting caught up in, you know, as you learn more about a space and you get deeper into an industry, you pick up on jargon and descriptors that are much more abstract. And by default, like if they are abstract descriptors that you need to be deep in the industry to understand, they aren't the core of the concept. Like if you look at the Wikipedia description of a system,  You can create a culture that is like competing for simplicity. And I think that actually ultimately means elegance because I feel allergic to complexity. Generally, you know, the deeper we have to go, the more parts that you have to bolt on to put things together. There's just more failure modes. There's more people that have to be in the loop. It, uh, it generally creates bloat and so fewer, simpler, more elegant in my mind. Yeah. The whole idea of like simplicity equals beauty. Uh, I think it's very, very true and it's cool to see it kind of, uh,  for this idea? What was the problem? How did you come across it? And why did it kind of catch your eye? And you're so passionate about it. Yeah. Um, so essentially levels solves the question of what should I eat and why? And, uh, you know, we have wearables that tell us a lot about what's happening, you know, with our step count and with our heart rate and such, um, a lot of exercise and sleep tracking, but we don't have anything to answer a fundamental question, which is, uh, where is my energy coming from? And, uh, how well is my body functioning?  fundamentally underlies physical fitness and mental fitness. So we spend a lot of time trying to perform better in the gym and perform better at work. Um, but at the end of the day, we never, we never think about the foundation for both of those, which is how well are we producing the energy for our brains and bodies? And so, um, that's the, that's what levels of seeking to do is to optimize metabolic fitness by using real time data in as essentially a, as closed loop, a feedback style as possible. Meaning when you.  physical fitness, mental fitness, and metabolic fitness. So the decisions we're making, uh, they compound over time into a positive or negative result. And if we don't have feedback on whether we're heading in a positive or negative direction, we have no way of achieving metabolic fitness because we don't know which direction we're heading. And so metabolic awareness is that feedback. It's the moment where your body has a closed loop of a data stream, essentially to your brain telling you positively or negatively how well you're doing. Um,  So the nutrition decisions you're making, your stress level, your sleep quality and your exercise. And we pull out insights to help you understand specifically how well your body is functioning and where your areas for opportunity for improvement are. Got it. And so as you're doing this, maybe let's talk about kind of the traditional wearable markets. You talked about polls, you talked about step count. There's a whole bunch of them, you know, everything from a whoop band to an Apple, which is a,  what's going in the body. So how do you actually measure what's going in the body? Like what is the product look like today? And what is it doing with how he puts it on? So, um, it's a complicated problem. Ultimately, uh, metabolism is, it's describing the chemical reactions going on in your body. You know, the human body is essentially a large chemistry set with a lot of chemicals being released in response to other chemicals. And so it's, it's not like a,  So in this country, we have an extremely concerning yet largely unspoken about epidemic of metabolic dysfunction, where, you know, the university of North Carolina released a study in 2018 showing that 88% of adults in the United States are metabolically unhealthy. And the CDC is constantly releasing scarier and scarier updates where younger and younger people are getting, uh, you know, type two diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. All of these concerns.  But, um, you know, it's, it's much easier to focus on the outputs than it is on the inputs. It's very tricky to get like really good data on what's going into the body. So the way that levels attacks, this is by highlighting for the, for the user, you know, for that member who's using the levels product, we highlight for them the way their body reacted to a specific input, right? So you eat a meal. Uh, let's say you have a pizza. Well, you tap that into the levels, uh, interface, take a picture.  Insulin stores glucose as fat. So I gained body fat as a function of this. Um, and then we encourage you to try something different, to compare that input to, to a different set of inputs. And so this time we, we maybe recommend have that same pizza, but this time take a walk around the block. So take 20, 25 minutes and immediately after finishing that pizza, instead of sitting down, go walk around. And now you see a completely different output, which is that for many of us are the muscles in our posterior chain that are powering that walk.  And the load you're putting on your hormonal system and how your body is forced to respond and allocate those resources. So that's where we focus is at the end of the day, we want to make sure that the person who needs to make better choices is being presented with all the information. And we only want to pull in as much input as necessary to highlight an, an insight essentially. So we don't make you tap in calories or macronutrient count or kind of anything that most nutrition apps make you, make you focus on. We instead just focus on closing  And essentially what it's doing is when you have diabetes, the insulin glucose feedback loop is broken down. So basically when, when you eat carbohydrates, glucose gets into the blood. That's a, it's a form of sugar. It's in your bloodstream. Uh, the hormone insulin has to be released by your pancreas to get that glucose out of your blood. And if it doesn't, it can start to cause serious tissue damage. So for people with diabetes, they, they really have to have a full time high resolution awareness of their blood sugar levels. Historically, they've had to prick their finger.  Uh, over the past, roughly 10 years has allowed people to go from pricking their finger, you know, dozens of times a day to having a continuous full-time data stream right to their phone. And that is telling you glucose and say five minute increments, uh, without having to prick your finger without any mass or inconvenience. And, um, and so that that's the development process for the tech. It's typically a wire date, wireless data transfer from this little patch that you wear full-time for about two weeks directly to the phone. And, um, you know, we're now  objective data. And so that's currently the application we're using CGM for, and that platform I expect will include many more analytes in the coming years. Yeah. And what's so interesting to me about this is the obvious thing would be, hey, you had this kind of persistent flat glucose level, you ate a bunch of candy, now all of a sudden it spiked. You shouldn't do that anymore. So kind of a very binary eat this, don't eat that. But you highlighted an example  output, or you were just measuring the internal kind of consumption, both of those things don't tell the whole story. So you kind of need to understand both in order to really give people kind of a true recommendation of here's the best thing you can do to be as healthy as possible. Yeah, yeah, I definitely think that it's both. So the situation is that people have for a very long time been scarcity constrained, right? For most of  would have had, it would have come across an entire lifetime. And that's not a, not a joke. You know, so, um, we, we now have this situation where because we didn't, I don't think we evolved, uh, sensory feedback for the quality of what we're eating because every calorie was positive. It was going to keep you from dying. Uh, we, we don't have the system to give us the feedback that we need. So when we eat those potato chips or we eat that candy, you know, we are relying on very, very abstract feedback mechanisms. And some sometimes.  have to build new feedback mechanisms to give us that sensory response that we otherwise wouldn't have. So there's that problem, which is that we genuinely do need this as a function of where we are in our evolution. And then, secondarily, there's no sort of one size fits all. And this is where it really gets complex. There are some high level things I'm comfortable saying, like candy is not a good idea. It's just sugar.  They put 800 subjects through a week of continuous glucose monitoring and made them eat these standardized foods. At the end of the trial, they were able to show that two people could eat the exact same two foods. In this case, it was that banana and a cookie made with wheat, and they could have equal and opposite blood sugar responses to those two foods. And so one person flat on the banana, big spike for the cookie. Another person, the exact opposite. What that indicates is that they're also experiencing opposite hormonal responses. So that insulin release.  And I think much of this is context. So I actually believe that only a small fraction is genetics driving those individual responses. And the rest is something like stress, body composition. Uh, so, so basically how much fat you have on your body, how much muscle you have on your body, how well slept you are, how much cortisol, uh, and insulin are circulating in your bloodstream at any time. That's all what dictates how your body's going to respond to a specific meal. And so that's why the levels, the levels system is focusing on  is chronically elevated because you're in a state of essentially enhanced fight or flight mode. We can highlight that as opposed to someone who's eating candy all day. That's a little bit of an easier connection to make. Yeah, it's fascinating to me that you're able to get such a great understanding of the holistic picture. You mentioned earlier metabolic health, and I want to make sure that people really understand this. I think this is kind of the crux of everything you're talking about here. What exactly is  I think that's a good way to describe metabolic health. It's a complex subject. There's a lot that you could dig into there. But, you know, what's important is that many people assume that metabolic health is something binary. So I'm either very metabolically healthy or oftentimes people say, I have a fast metabolism or I have a slow metabolism and I'm metabolically unhealthy. The reality is that when this has been studied and international, essentially conventions of diabetes experts have come out and said,  making every day, the nutrition exercise, sleep and stress levers you're pulling every single day combined into a metabolic profile. And so, you know, we really want to reframe the conversation and get people to stop thinking about this as something that's out of their hands or like a switch is flipped and start getting us to think in terms of focus effort and repetition. If I know what is causing a positive and or negative response in my body, I can modify those behaviors, not just by removing it. You know, if I, if I love cheesecake,  And eating better means avoiding these massive hormonal kicks to my system, which ultimately can break it down. Got it. The other part of this that to me is really fascinating is there's some, I don't know, taboo things you can put in your body that everyone seems to be really, really religious about. So I'm going to throw a couple of them out there and you kind of just throw me back whatever comes to mind when I say them. The first one is alcohol. What's kind of the thought process there?  Um, and that that's essentially how you can metabolize ethanol. So, uh, it turns it into triglycerides, which are then stored on in body fat. In order to do that, it, it seems to shut down the production of new blood sugar. So what you end up with is a situation where, um, on a glucose monitor, you have a drink or two and this various person to person, but there will typically be either no response or an actual decrease in blood sugar. And what happens is that the blood sugar is actually,  Um, I use sparingly and typically earlier in the day. What about, um, what I'll label as like the keto diet. So basically I'm going to eat no carbs. I'm only going to eat meat and, uh, I'm basically going to be as strict as possible, um, with a fanatical focus on just meat consumption. Yeah. Well, I think that there are many ways to put together a diet that avoids the sort of energy toxicity that we touched on, you know, where you have a ton of sugar and.  my co-founder Casey is, uh, she's a plant-based vegan. So she only eats plants. She doesn't eat any meat. And she has, you know, between the two of us, we have totally different macronutrient profiles. She eats a lot more carbohydrates than I do, but, uh, she actually has better blood sugar control than me. And so that's another counterintuitive piece where she's using a lot of this really nuanced knowledge about how her body metabolizes specific foods and in what order. So like fiber fat content along with those carbohydrates can modify the way her  is actually doing what you think it does. And there have been plenty of people who have come in having kind of predetermined assumptions about a specific, either a specific food or a philosophy or dietary approach that have been blown up in the face of better data. Absolutely. Uh, intermittent fasting seems like another one of these themes or trends that people are grabbing onto. How have you guys seen that impact some of this? So, um, intermittent fasting with a glucose  your body goes into this very elegant mode where it is taking what you have on, on yourself, your, your sort of existing body fat, and it's converting it into the appropriate amount of blood sugar to keep your brain functioning. And so you'll typically see like a nice slow decrease and then a very flat blood sugar line. And, um, most people feel really good. And when you see that data, when you see that feedback loop and realize that, um, you can actually maintain this for days without any calories and you're not going to pass  And so, you know, I think that's a really great approach. And I do a lot of it myself. It helps to kind of release you from, from the grasp of food scheduling as well. You know, it's nice to be able to do one meal instead of three sometimes. Absolutely. Uh, the other thing that I find fascinating about all of this is, uh, multivitamins and just what I'll kind of label as, uh, not food yet trying to get rid of the virus.  And I tend to, I eat a lot of avocados and I do add bananas in here and there for potassium. Those are the ones that I've noticed the symptoms or side effects associated with too little of that, you know, specific, uh, vitamin or supplement beyond that. I, I tend to be skeptical. Um, if there, there isn't good research connecting a, um, you know, a specific. Effect of, of too little, then I would argue that you're probably, you know, a little bit more than you would think.  about kind of what you're measuring and how that can be impacted, but the actual device itself and kind of this growing class of things I put on my body that measure something going on inside of my body, how do you see that evolving over time? And is that something that levels will say, look, you know, we've got one product, we want to eventually expand into an entire product suite, or is it just staying, you know, really, really focused on that glucose monitoring? Yeah, I think we're just cracking the shell on bio wearables right now. I consider  And, um, and so we're, we're opening up an opportunity to get those micro optimization receipts. Like you're, you're, what you're doing is working or not working. And here's how to do it better. Um, and to continually feel like you are moving in a positive direction. Glucose is one piece of this. It's a really important, you know, I mentioned some, some stats in the beginning. It's a really important problem in society today. Glucose dysfunction and, and, um, all of the side effects associated with it are ravaging over 100% of the population.  And probably deeper into kind of lipids and triglycerides. So ultimately I think you'll be able to get a really good. Immediate view on your, your full metabolic health, not just your glucose regulation. And it'll probably be, be, I would imagine in a consolidated form. So you'll wear one thing on your body and it will do everything that your current wearable does. Plus it's measuring molecules below the surface. So it's a good way to measure your blood pressure. And then you'll have a good way to measure your blood pressure.  if you have more data and you're able to track it in real time, then you can be more effective in the recommendations and ultimately the behavior change. Yeah. I mean, we have a theory of behavior change that it is closed loops that make the difference. So most people do not want to be unhealthy. And ultimately it's by prolonging the length of time between an action and the negative reaction to that action, by prolonging that you allow the sort of behavior change  feedback, we can help to supplement people's senses of positive and negative when it comes to these things like nutrition. Um, and so I do think that the timeliness of a piece of feedback is crucial to its value to the, to behavior change. So we're all about minimizing feedback loops. We, we don't really, um, focus on, you know, blood tests where you do it once and you get results two weeks later or something like that. They're nonspecific. It's much more temporal. So it's, uh, you eat lunch and you see how you respond to that minutes later.  the minimization of size, scale, and cost of electronics, we can now build these closed feedback loops for a huge number of data