 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a very special treat for you today. I've got Everett here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. So let's jump into this and tell us kind of your background. How did you get into the finance world? And then we'll get into building Rho. Yeah, totally. So I started out when I was in college, I was really interested in markets. I started a couple of companies when I was younger and then started trading stocks.  was how few people understood what was happening even while it was happening, even inside one of the largest investment banks in the world. And at that point, I got really interested in global macro. And I started reading what Peter Thiel was writing and some of the other luminaries in the space, like Sandra Ruck and Miller and other people. And I felt like these were the people that really only got it, that understood what was actually happening at the time, not even like in the future.  After you did that, you eventually end up teaming up with a partner and you start Rho. Tell us a little bit about just what the impetus for the idea was. Yeah, I mean, it was pretty simple at the time. It's gotten more complex, but it was really that FinTech had been going after the very bottom of the market for a very long time. It's basically since FinTech had started. If you think about FinTech kind of starting in 2010, primarily on the consumer side, it was companies like Chime that went after the  the bigger they were, actually the more problems they had, the more complexity they had, the harder it was to be really good at servicing them, and the more technology that they needed to do better. That was my top-down 30,000-foot view. I came in as an investor type. My partner, Alex, who I teamed up with, was an operator. He was chief product officer of a company called List, which has a couple hundred people between New York and London, and had scaled a couple other companies in the past. He would hit these growing pains every day.  compelling solution for these types of hybrid businesses. What does that look like in practice in terms of the various touch points you have with the customer? Yeah. I mean, so we started out just building the basic banking core infrastructure, checking account, we have a treasury management product and a card product. This is the building blocks for everything else that came after that. Then we started going past. Building a comprehensive budgeting platform that allows companies to set  is like the stuff that actually helps people get their job done every single day. And so that's where we invest all our time. And as we grow, like, you know, we think about what do we add that's adjacent to our product that, you know, CFOs and finance teams are using every single day that's interfacing with banking. And that's where we will continue to grow. I mean, we just launched accounts payable, which again, it always blew my mind that that was like a separate product to begin with that a company like, like build.com, for example, can be so big performing such a, you know,  another bank account. Yeah, you can do low fees and all that stuff that's been done a hundred times. Uh, that's to say that someone won't make money doing that, but that wasn't the game you wanted to play. Um, you know, what the market did need was like companies need help as they grow. Uh, and they need help from a personal level and they need help from a technology level. And banks weren't automatically overnight going to become great at building technology and software. Like they're not right. Like most of the software that you buy from a bank or the software that you rent from a bank, I guess.  come towards us. We're open to anybody, but I would say we're not the best option if you're a company that's just getting started and you need a basic checking account. There are tons of people that can do that for you. As you start to get bigger and bigger and have more people and more complexity and need an all-in-one solution, that's where we're the best. That's where we will stand against anybody in the market and when. That's how we got there. We don't have an industry-specific vertical. We're not banking for startups or banking for e-commerce or banking for  transition from whatever their original banking service was to you and kind of how do you think about, you know, is it a, somebody who doesn't appear to be a competitor because they're just so far, you know, in a different part of the market, can they basically entrench themselves and make your job harder? Or how do you kind of convince people to basically, you know, abandon the solution they started with and really move to you guys? It's like, it's one of those things that it's actually not as hard as it sounds. People like, people do build  a lot of ways very low tech. And so from a it's not that bad, but it is like something that people overstate all the time. Got it. Having COVID-19 and the pandemic, the macro environment, like all the kind of craziness and uncertainty and chaos that happened in 2020. How did that affect your business? Did it accelerate? Was there some obstacles? It definitely accelerated. I mean, I think in two ways, both in terms of, you know, new  in the past year than where they were before. Got it. And then in terms of where you guys go from here, right? What is kind of the product roadmap look like? And how do you kind of see the business evolving? I mean, I don't want to give too much away in terms of product roadmap because I know our competitors watch everything we do these days. Come on. You know, look, I mean, we're trying to just continue to make like the CFO's life simpler, the company's life, the employee's life simpler.  I'm Rick Andreessen, I forget which one of them quote, right? But that everything is either bundling or rebundling. Unbundling or rebundling. We were very much in the rebundling business and believed that the time is now for that. I think it's everything about startups and about, especially about that is about timing. And so yeah, so we'll keep rebundling. Got it. You mentioned CFOs and it's interesting that you specifically target one person in the executive team of these companies and you kind of know,  the employees all the way up to the CEO, but the CFO is really the decision maker and the buyer for us. And he's the one that's evaluating all the service providers and choosing Roe versus others. I think there's two things that really motivate that person when it comes to this particular space. One is they understand that no product is perfect and that having a level of support and a person behind that is incredibly  they're always going to have questions or there's always edge cases. Banking is always a game of edge case. That's one. Two is like, you know, every company is a little bit different and being able to allow them to set up their integrations, the way they run their accounting, you know, the way that they do budgeting, like all that stuff. There is no, we start, you know, we kind of started out with a, this is the way it should be. And that's kind of like a great ethos from a product manager perspective, right? Like don't try to give the customer too many choices. That's not true in this world. You want as much flexibility as possible.  customers in a kind of totality of the actual customer base? Is there anything there that you guys have done? Yeah, I mean, we try to, so we'll continue to like productize them more, but we try to put our customers in specific verticals together with the same account representatives. And he's able to connect them all the time and connect them, you know, if he's covering e-commerce or another one's covering specific areas in venture, be able to connect them with each other, connect with investors.  facilitate that. Got it. Makes sense. What's been the most surprising thing since you started the business? I think the most surprising thing has been like, I don't know, I guess, I mean, I guess, like, I guess the most surprising thing for me, coming from like a non-tech background has been just like the product development cycle. And the fact that like you, you know, there's truly like no shortcut, like it is time times people at more  accomplish X, but you guys haven't been able to do it yet. Whether it's just, we're not there yet in terms of building the product. There's some other limitation, maybe even regulation or whatever it is. Is there something that sticks out in terms of you guys are almost chasing it, but haven't yet done it? I mean, there has honestly, there hasn't been much like we, you know, we've always like said, I guess what this is yet another thing that's been surprising is like that there's kind of nothing that you can't do. Like we would always start with something like that and then work backwards and find a way to do it, whether it's through a partnership or on our own.  digital world is now getting tons and tons of attention. You guys being in financial services is somewhat tangentially related. How do you think about that space and are you guys doing anything there or will you do something in the future? Yeah, I mean, we started out building a lot of decentralized tech on our ledger. We ended up using parts of it, but not all of it and went more traditional approach at the beginning. But it's definitely something with myself, my co-founder, we're super enmeshed in.  abilities and earn dollars. In terms of other stuff, in terms of Bitcoin, I was a macro analyst and VM for a long time. The smarter guys that I worked for would always tell me to focus on the supply side of any market because it's the most predictable, whether you're looking at oil, whether you're looking at stocks, whether you're looking at... You can actually solve backwards from supply and that will generally give you a pretty good indication.  that would, you know, that would, like, this is exactly what we would look for, basically. This is exactly what I would look for as an analyst in a market, like, where's the market where supply's going down and where there's like, you know, there's inherent demand that's growing. And it's like, really that simple. So I think it's, you know, the market, it's super volatile, it'll move every day and, you know, it might go up or down 30%, you know, but like, it has, you know, the right characteristics. Absolutely. And it's pretty incredible, I think,  and settling at the end of the day, not just like trading intraday. It's not just like any market. It doesn't take that much to move out. Absolutely. Talk a little bit about kind of the decentralized finance movement, right? So, you know, whether it's being built on Bitcoin or Ethereum or wherever, just this idea of like, let's build these decentralized applications that replace a lot of the same financial service or banking functions. Have you guys looked at that or kind of what your thoughts there? Yeah, I mean, we've looked at it. I think, you know, I think there's a really bright future there. Again, I think  to do sort of stuff in DeFi, they just want a better product. And so our perspective has always been like, if it gives our customer a lower cost of interest, if it gives our customer a better borrowing experience, we will embrace it. I would say today, it's still far off, but it's moving very fast to the point where I think that there's a real opportunity there. And so much of credit and of finances is,  I mean, like, multi-billion in terms of like, like the assets of our clients on our platform. And I think we'll be there pretty fast. Like what gets us there is like just continuing to put our heads down and execute. Honestly, I mean, we spent two years, you know, with like really no product, sorry, with no market, focusing on product before we launched. You know, we think very firmly the best product in the market wins. We've done like basically no marketing. Like we really are, you know, focused on learning from our customers, growing around them and building out that way. So,  Like that's up to you, but you know, enough. And so that's sort of where it came from. I love that. In terms of the FinTech space in general, it seems like everyone is spacking, going public, raising monster rounds, like just the interest from the public markets and largely stage growth investors is off the charts. Is that something that's kind of a bubble or  with our investors. They're like, ah, this is a bubble, so valuation should be here, blah, blah, blah. And I was like, no, it's a new asset class. It's not a bubble. Venture at the time was $500 billion versus PE, which was like $2 billion. Now it's like a billion versus $2 billion. But I absolutely, sorry, trillion versus two trillion. I absolutely don't think it's a bubble. I think that there's two things that are happening. One, interest rates are zero, right?  up that can compete with 50, $100 billion companies that exist in public markets today. And as an investor, would I rather put a billion dollars into Stripe or whatever the new Stripe is or like T-SYS or one of these like Worldpay or someone like that, right? I can guarantee you it's going to be more valuable in an earlier stage company that can replicate what exists today in public markets than what exists in public  more efficient, how much more profitable, how much more scalable the digital versions are, right? Or kind of these like wage technologies. And some of it's literally like you're a digital business and the competitor you have as a digital business, but you're using technologies that are far superior and therefore more scalable, more efficient, you know, kind of more valuable to the customer. And in some cases, literally you're going up against a bank itself, a fax machine, right? Like, like it really is all over the place. But it seems like you guys really have an advantage from a position you're coming  is more serious, what's the most important book that you've ever read? That's a good question. I think the most impactful book I ever read was a book called The Intergame of Tennis. What is that? So it was written in, I think, 1979 or something like that. But it's about a 100-page book. It's pretty short. And it's really about embracing a performance mindset. I was given to me when I started trading.  flow and but if you're doing anything else right if you're running a portfolio like you have insights that other people don't see and those are hard to kind of get at like your brain is constantly telling you you know, no like and you have to unlock that a little bit or if you're building a company and same thing like so I Thought that was a really good one. I've read it about four times. I should probably read it read it again But uh, but yeah, I love that. I've never heard that book. So I'll definitely check it out Next one's a little bit more personal and this is a question sponsored by eight sleep which has got this  Let's see, I'm basically, my sleeper balls around her, basically. So when she goes to bed, I try to get to bed and then she wakes up earlier than me and it's like hitting me on the head, you know, whatever, 6 a.m. I recently started asking this question. So I don't have a ton of data points, but every single person with a kid under the age of three years old makes sure that that is a known part of the change in the sleep routine. So it's a big change. The young child is now the boss, it seems like. Totally. Absolutely.  intelligent life, but they're not little green men that visited earth type thing, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think that's right. The universe is pretty big. Uh, so there's probably some, something out there, most likely mathematically, but, uh, you know, they probably haven't been here. We probably haven't been there, but I don't know. There's a lot. Yeah. You gotta ask smarter people that, that one that's, uh, that's over my pay grade. There's a guy in the, I think he's from Israel. He was like, uh, in charge of, you know, extraterrestrial search in Israel or whatever. And, uh, now he's coming out, he's older and he's claiming that there's a good  the next wave. How do you think we shape out here?  the current iteration. If you really think, like I think a lot of people compare digital to analog, I always talk about there's almost this like middle step where it was like analog that went to really electronic, but with electronic Q-SIPs. And so there was some, you know, computer enabled type transactions, but if you look at like the technology you're using versus some of these legacy banks, like you guys are really digital. Those banks are more kind of electronic Q-SIP and so it's better than analog, but like there was still some bureaucracy and, and, and some pain points in middlemen and all that.  digital finance and I eventually want to be in digital decentralized finance. Bitcoin's probably the only thing that really kind of hits that spot right now. It's had this incredible fun. But like when you look at how big is that market, like most people are talking about like, you know, does Bitcoin go to a hundred K? I'm thinking like Bitcoin's a hundred trillion dollar market cap at some point in the future. And again, I don't know if that's 50 years from now, right? Or 20, but it's not tomorrow. Right. You know what I mean? Like it's pretty far away.  you kind of look at the business you guys have built, there's days where you probably feel euphoric and it's like, we're going to be the next top-five bank. And then there's days where you're like, oh my God, the house is on fire. And sometimes that may happen in the morning and afternoon in the same day, just given the challenges of building a building. So I think that people just have to remember, there's going to be price corrections along the way. There's going to be protocols that fail and kind of all of that type of stuff. And so you can be bullish on a really long  and if you're a company or you're a CFO or just want to learn more, you can book an appointment with one of our team members. And you can find me on Twitter at everycookny. I'm not very active though. We're also at rowbusinessbanking, sorry, rowbusiness on Twitter. We got to get you on Twitter and tweet, man. I've been following you for a while, actually. I, you know, I, yeah. I'm expecting now for you to just start  Obviously, this is against the floor is fantastic. So I'd suggest people go check it out road.co or go find you on Twitter. Awesome.