 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a very special treat for you today. I've got Isaiah here with me. This is his second time on the podcast. Thank you so much for doing this again, sir. Man, so glad to be back. It's been a long time, man. It's a long time coming. Glad to see you, Paul. Absolutely. So we're jumping on today because last night we were in Clubhouse and we were in a room. It was me, you, Delane, Chris Lyons,  the book and then tell us a little bit about the book series Bitcoin Black America.  peers form. So when that came about, one of the things that it piqued my interest was, of course, I could make money from it. But also, too, there were problems in computer science that were finally solved, like Byzantine, the Byzantine general's problem was finally solved. So that's one of the things that piqued my interest. But I love the fact that, you know, back then, people thought it was for drug dealers, they thought it was a scammers for multi level marketing. And I got, you know, my own family members and friends were like, what are you doing, man? What is this Bitcoin thing you're talking about?  and down 85, driving, driving to people's houses just to be laughed at. Speaking to financial groups who were looking me up and down like, who is this 25, 26 year old kid telling me I don't know what I'm talking about. Uh, you know, cause I used to, I used to go there. I used to say, Hey gold, who cares about gold? And you know, I used to make bets. I would say, Hey, I bet you on Bitcoin. It'll be past goals, market cap, and they would never go for it. So I've been through it a lot. And it's just good to see that once the book came out, I was able to package those, those experiences and that knowledge.  right? Those are the two main things people say, oh, the adoption is happening in those two places. But you're really talking about what is essentially a developing sector of the US economy, right? In terms of black America. And maybe let's start with just some of the problems that you see with that community interacting with the legacy banking system. Like some of the stories you've told me were very, very eyeopening and frankly, shocking, knowing that, hey, this stuff happens right here in the United States. So maybe help people understand just like what the problem is  that we can actually develop. And the reason I thought, you know, in the Black community, we would have a shot is because traditionally or historically what we have seen, we have seen wealth just the amount of taking out of our community through laws, through different practices. Some of the banking practices, like you just said, that have been very egregious and concluding in the book, I have all of my examples from 2012 up to now. So it's not like this is, I'm talking about a long time ago before civil rights, we're talking about recently and they've  is something like Bitcoin where if you can free your money, you can also free your industry and free your community. And in the black community, all we're looking for, nobody I know is looking for a handout. Nobody wants you to give us anything. We just want the freedom to be able to explore. And the things I've seen historically is that we don't really have any choice but to find another option, at the very least for leverage. When you have any type of business deal, anybody will tell you, if you don't have any leverage, there's no reason to show up.  see it at the table that you need, the voice that you need to have leverage to say, you need to either change your practices or we'll leave. That is how you flex your power. And that's only possible when you can actually have a plan B, like Bitcoin. So because of the historical nature of the financial markets in the US and the emerging markets of black people, Coinbase just did a poll. 75% of black people who oppose that they would buy crypto. That's also compared to the least or smallest demographic  to me is this idea of you can protest, there's a violent path to pursue, or there's this kind of financial and money path. And as you were talking, what it reminded me of is I think, you know, the Jay Z's of the world, the Drake's, the Kanye's, they really figured this out over the last kind of two decades or so, kind of pay me an equity, if I get enough money, I can have a seat at the table. If I own the actual businesses, I can have a seat at the table. And so that required immense effort and frankly, some level of heroic  higher percentage of Black Americans who will walk in for a loan and not get it, or they'll get the loan, but they have a higher interest rate versus a white counterpart. And so, like, how pervasive is that issue? And then we'll talk about how a decentralized kind of digital world can solve a lot of those problems. Yes, so those issues have subsided, but they do still exist. And one sector that we see at the most is in the business world. In the business world, you know, a lot of times there are certain factors  you have a industry where you have the same sort of loop of money going right back to the same people and if their network is mostly white which most people hang with people in their industry, that's what you're going to get over and over. Bitcoin releases that. So now you can invest anybody around the world technically using a free money system. And I think that that is something that should be spoken for as far as the barrier to entry because when we talk about the banking system and trying to get money here and trying to get all that  What zip code you are? What do you need it for? KYC, that's a debate we can have later. Shouldn't even matter. It should really be, if you have the collateral, here's the cash. If you pay it back, here's back your collateral. That's it. Very simple process, but there's all these steps in between to convoluted. But now that it's possible, the black community can usually, or usually you can't do this, but now we can actually use Bitcoin as collateral, get cash loans for businesses, build those small businesses at a time where a lot of businesses are dead.  finance world, whether it's on Bitcoin somewhere else, forget, you know, kind of where it ends up being successful, but just the idea of decentralized finance, really what you're talking about here is it doesn't matter who you are, what language you speak, what nationality you are, what your skin color is, your education level, none of that stuff matters. If you've got, you know, $100,000 worth of Bitcoin and you need a $20,000 loan, you can post that $100,000 of Bitcoin and these decentralized protocols, just recognize somebody gave me $100,000 worth of Bitcoin, here's your $20,000 of a stable coin or US dollar, whatever.  you know, human error, trying to mess it up with somebody trying to change what Bitcoin or what crypto is meant for. So we do a great job of that. And in my opinion, I love the fact that our industry, we don't care what type of human enters into it. You have to prove yourself in the crypto market. I mean, as you know, we laugh at billionaires. Warren Buffett gets criticized all the time. You know, people say have fun staying poor to Mark Cuban. Like, what? You know, I mean, I love it. I mean, even though it's, you know, pretty, pretty crazy, people have to remember  yourself. I think that's what a lot of black people do not think about the financial industry. They think of suit tie guy with the briefcase. He comes with this index fund. Jibber jibber talk. I don't understand, which as you know, a lot of times the financial industry was built that way. It was built to be very confusing. So you just hand it off to a financial manager, take your 10%. I don't even want to talk about it. This industry, Bitcoin is opposite. Everybody I know will teach you. I mean, you can ask anybody. They'll teach you at least the beginning, the start, they'll point you in the right direction. They'll build a whole website.  down to earth way to describe inflation. And so it seems to really resonate with people. Yes, so inflation is the slow killer of wealth. And the best way I can describe it is that if you use the frog in the pot theory, if you put a frog in a boiling pot of water, if you turn the heat up immediately, the frog will sense danger and jump out, right? So anything that's gonna be done to your community won't be overnight. It'll be slow and gradual. So you put the frog in that pot of water and you turn it up slowly,  community. It has took your purchasing power to where grandpa could have a job and your grandmother could stay at home. You could still have a house and a car to now you could have a two income household and barely afford an apartment with public transportation. So that's what inflation has done to our money over time. Purchasing power has decreased and I want people to understand that the only way to win against inflation is to have your money in an asset that beats out that inflation year over year. And right now we're looking at 15 to 20% inflation rates with the printing of money with more  When you talk to people and you start educating them or they read your book and they say, hey, you know what, I need to actually get involved here. What's normally your recommendation for how somebody from the black community can get started in Bitcoin? Is there a certain site you want to send them to? Is there a way, whether it's dollar cost averaging or something else? Like what's kind of the first step that you normally tell? First thing I tell them, yes, three easy steps. Buy it, store it, earn it. All right. So if you want to get into the industry, you got to have skin in the game. So  you don't really own Bitcoin. You have a Bitcoin IOU. And then once you have it secure, you can actually earn Bitcoin. So you can use a service like Foldat where you can spend the wheel, you get free stats every day or earn stats back on Visa purchases or a lolly. L-O-L-L-I. If you have a spending problem, I buy way too much Postmates, but I get three and a half percent back in Bitcoin every time. The good thing about that on lolly is there's other stores as well, thousands of stores. So you can earn Bitcoin. So you're not just buying it.  It's like you're just it's just a crypto bank at that point if you keep it on the exchange and remember we're trying to have self sovereignty Yeah, talk a little bit about just the underbanked in America, right? My understanding is that there's a pretty big population especially in the black community that is underbanked meaning that maybe they have some version of a bank account or some version of financial services, but they definitely don't have everything that Maybe people on wall street would expect them to have and so something like Bitcoin actually can help close that gap because really you just need an internet  that is the only barrier to entry is connection to the internet. And then once you have that ability to connect, that gives everybody a fair shake at being banked because in the black community, we have almost 20% of people are unbanked. We have money in the mattress or you have a cash-based business, black and brown communities where that happens. That is something where people thought, if I hoard my cash, I'm saving, I'm keeping it later, you have to understand that dollar is getting less and less in value every single day.  Bitcoin is not that. That's not the same thing. So this is a much, much different way.  We've got a whole new wave of investors just because the barrier to entry was low for Bitcoin and cryptocurrency. So I love that about this industry. Absolutely. Before I let you go, I got two more questions for you. First, tell us about the books. You've got the first one out, very popular. You are probably the only person I know that got Jack Dorsey tweeting about your book, which was pretty cool. You've been on CNBC recently and it seems like people really started to kind of pay attention.  taste in their mouth after 2017. They didn't know what was happening. They thought the market was crashing. It was over. So that's why I put out Big Point in Black America. And that gives solutions such as how to use them in the Black church, in HBCUs, how to have blockchain groups, things of that nature, and other solutions as well. In the second version, I actually discussed the Big Point in Black America tour, talking with Black people all around the country so that you can see that we are still very early. There are people who did not know you could buy a fraction of a Big  are coming, the sense of urgency needs to be there. So that's the second chapter. Uh, the third one, everybody's favorite. Fuck the banks. Uh, this is the second part of that, but this one is literally only things that banks have done and the, uh, the hypocrisy they've shown just in 2020. This is just 2020 because last time, you know, I put it is 2012 to 2019 stuff. Just to keep it short. I want people to realize this is just last year. This is why COVID was going on while you thought everybody was asleep. They were manipulating markets.  one of my favorites Bitcoin is reparations. It describes the need to take reparations rather than ask for them. I'm not big on saying, hey, can you pay us back for what we've done before? That could take decades. If it's Bitcoin, you have the opportunity to take it. And I'm one of those people that I'm not about to sit around and ask, let's just take it and do it our way. Next, I talk about decentralized finance, the promise there with being able to, as we discussed before, collateralize your crypto and taking away the racial part of it,  the  cools you off so you can sleep deeper and get better REM sleep. I've been sleeping on it and I feel like a new man. What's your sleep schedule like? Are you one of these people who sleeps 10 hours a night or are you operating on four or five? Oh man, I'm about at two or three. I have a, I have a two month old daughter and I like to watch charts from 2 a.m. to 6 a.m. during the Asian markets. So I don't have a sleep schedule. My mom has always thought I was weird. She was like, you're the only person I know that's a night person and a morning person.  Listen, man, I really, really appreciate you taking the time to jump on here. You're always high energy. You got lots and lots of great information. And if anyone wants to go to Bitcoinandblackamerica.com, they can either get the first book or they can pre-order the second book, all independently published. Basically, you're doing it all the right way. So thank you so much for doing this, and we will definitely have to do this together in the future. Yes, sir. Thank you for having me, Pomp. Always good to talk with you. And congrats on the marriage, my brother.