 Here we go Should be going live now See how we get here Here we go. All right, my friend. We're alive. I'm going to tweet this out real quick So we get a second people in here. How are you? Very well, very well, excellent. Happy to be here talking with you  I've been locked for many months. So I think we have the longest lock in history.  Let's just get started first with who you are and kind of your story before you started to build this decentralized infrastructure for Bitcoin.  web, the dot com boom and what was the foundations of the web that we live today. So that's how I started with technology. And my view or my objective was exactly seeing how we could use technology to create a more egalitarian or society-empowering individuals. And then when I got in touch with Bitcoin in 2012, for me it was evident before  Bitcoin into the slums and doing experiments in the mid-apps and everything. And then I realized in order to fulfill the full vision of Bitcoin becoming the official infrastructure of the future, we needed to extend Bitcoin with other protocols to become that. And then we got together with the original founders of RSK at the end of 2015 and we started doing that, extending Bitcoin  good friends from the web days to really reconnect with Bitcoin. And what happened to me is that back then we had capital controls in Argentina. We have capital controls again now. But it was almost impossible to get money in and out of Argentina. And I had a web development company back then. And it took me like a month to get the money from my customers abroad from Europe and the US into Argentina. And I was losing 10 percent of the money in that process. And once  okay, this is how truly open an inclusive financial system should look like. This is truly where the financial system should go. And then after that, I was like 15 days reading about Bitcoin, not sleeping much. And the first thing I was reading about was more about the monetary systems. I read the history of money, how the monetary systems of the world work, how the financial  with a GPU computer, meeting in cafes in Buenos Aires to buy and sell Bitcoins, starting doing meetups, the early meetups in Argentina and then in other countries in Latin America. So that was my early connection with VidCon. It's an absolutely incredible kind of journey you've been on. Let's talk a little bit about IOV Labs and kind of what you're doing today. So what was the genesis of the idea to start the business and then we'll get to RSK in a minute.  the process, we realized that we needed other layers on top to scale payments, to solve user interactions like having name services or aliases, have secure ways of storing data. That's when we came out with the idea of the RSK infrastructure framework on top of RSK. And that's when we changed the name from RSK to IOV Labs, which comes from Internet of Value Labs, because we think what we are doing is creating  trying to take Bitcoin from just a single currency, kind of score value medium of exchange, and really building an entire financial system around Bitcoin. And then there's another world, which is the kind of Ethereum type world where people are building decentralized finance, and there's a lot of experimentation and innovation. I think that you and I see pretty eye to eye in terms of both of those worlds have a importance, and they serve different purposes. So maybe talk, let's start with the Ethereum world.  American Bitcoin Conference in January 2014 and I saw the Vitalik Peach when he presented smart contracts and everything, but in my mind, I mean the idea was great, but I thought that pulling up a new network, a new infrastructure network, and more importantly, creating the level of liquidity and the network effects that Bitcoin had achieved in a completely new network would take many, many years. So for me, the shortest and  more time. And so I think Ethereum did a great contribution in terms of experimentation of protocols and things, but also it's the big team of its own success because now the bottlenecks they have will leave them to have to change the core elements of their platform and more important the economic incentive model and the actors. So they are in a crossroads where they need to  consensus protocol from RSK is one called Decor Plus that solved some of the consensus problems, consensus protocol problems of Ethereum, which is Ghost. So we did innovation where we thought innovation was needed, but we also captured all the value from the Ethereum community. And I think going to the point of DeFi, I think DeFi, you know, decentralized finance is actually the ultimate goal. I think the first  You know, that is scarcity, that digital gold model is what makes Bitcoin the best store of value you can have. So, foundations are very important for this new financial system that we are building. So is it fair to say that what you're building is decentralized finance, the way that you're pursuing that is to use Bitcoin as the core unit of account and then infrastructure around Bitcoin is decentralized in nature.  and kind of the, really the testing of the censorship or non-censorship of the Bitcoin layer versus the Ethereum layer. Is that fair to say that that's the two differences that you see? But ultimately the kind of the finish line or the goal of both of these communities is the same? I think you're completely right. I mean, our goals are exactly the same. Our strategies or tactics are different, but conceptually we want and we have made some contributions that Ethereum is taking  same infrastructure they have. They don't have to change anything of the infrastructure. Because by securing both networks, RSK and Bitcoin with the same miners and creating incentives in the same token, RSK becomes part of the crypto economy of Bitcoin. So there is no conflict between RSK and Bitcoin because we are contributing, both networks are contributing to same infrastructure, you know, security infrastructure.  to conflicting security infrastructures will create tension. And that might be like I said, so I think that's the other. That's why I think although in the short term we are in equal terms and we are aiming for the same things in the long term, RSK is an important protection layer for the Bitcoin economy and for the infrastructure. Absolutely. Before we move on, everyone who is watching live right now, please make sure that you smash the like button so that more  out in the future?  infrastructure, but there's also trade-off. I mean, it's adding more functionality. Ethereum has a separate infrastructure. What I do see is I think for each security model, there will be a winner. So let's say that Bitcoin is proof of work based on SHA-256. Ethereum is based on KICAC. So it's different. You know, you will have ASIC or specialized hardware for each one of the protocols. Maybe Litecoin and Dogecoin are like another  value transactions and everything. I think that's Bitcoin. And then you will have 20 percent that will be distributed among the long tail of different security models that will be suitable for our use cases because POS very likely is very good if you are only handling economies with 50,000 people and a few tens of millions of dollars. But it's not good if you want to have the reserve of value of the world. So I don't think we will have like one dominant network. That's why I talk about the Internet of Value. It's a network of  So there are other, the pioneers of RSK are building the products on top of, and the solutions on top of the infrastructure we build. So our focus is mostly on, I would say three elements, interoperability, because this is like, we need to have trustless transfer of value between these different networks. And again, I think that's important for anti fragility of the ecosystem as a whole. If you have one network to attack, then it can be  the safest two-way bridge between two blockchains that is the one between Bitcoin and RSK. And we also have a two-way peg bridge with Ethereum. So we have interconnected the two main crypto economies. So that's one thing. The other thing is scalability and it's leveraging is not only our research, we are leveraging on the research that, you know, Lightning has done on payment channels. Now we are working on enveloping  need  is based on legal agreements. And basically what needs to happen is we need to interconnect both the new, the future infrastructure, the legacy infrastructure, and start translating the value from one to the other. And that's what's happening now. So the other challenge we have is how we create these flows between the traditional financial system into this new financial system. And then how we retain those flows, how we prove  the state design financial systems into a truly global financial system. And that's a direct attack to the power of the nation state. I mean, it's breaking up state and money, you know? So I think that's what's coming. Let me ask you this question. So when you're talking about kind of a legacy financial system and building those bridges to have a kind of transition or a flow of funds from the traditional system into this kind of decentralized digital  coins, what is now called stable coins, no? Because I think you are asking people to, many people, you are asking them to do one leap of faith and come into a new financial infrastructure. And at the same time that you are asking them to do that, you're asking them to start using a new asset that is not familiar for them. So if you want stable coins are the  just then people start thinking about it and then you fall into the rabbit hole because that's what happens to everybody that gets into it. The first thing is you come for the price rise or appreciation and then you stay for all the educational process that implies questioning how the financial system of the world works. So I think all the things are in place. We just need those things to mature. The biggest friction we will have is regulators.  That I think is what's happening. I don't think there's any missing piece now. I think the pieces are there, but we will see more and more resistance from the status quo to this movement because this will change who are the incumbents and the people in power. Do you feel like when the regulators kind of turn and say, hey, this is not something that we enjoy or like, is it something where 50% of regulators will try to embrace it and 50% will try to fight it?  for example, in the Caribbean, the banks are unbanking middle class people just because they want to do the risking. So that's the place where you have the opportunities, where you say, well, I mean, for me as a small jurisdiction, this is the opportunity to join a global economy, to start doing agreements with other countries and have a unified front and have access to things that the traditional global economy  will join faster because they see an opportunity of joining this innovation and becoming relevant in what's the future of finance.  And some of them decided to support core developers, because if you are smart and you have a lot of your assets bested on a particular platform, you know that having your own eyes into the platform development and keeping the platform honest makes sense. So I think at the end, it's about more, it's like the moment Goldman Sachs  to your putting your money at risk. But also there's like a process of understanding this. It's like there's an educational element to it because you need to understand that you're playing a different game in a decentralized network and in traditional, you know, because again, the engagement model and the security models of traditional, of centralized systems is based on insurance, legal contracts. So it's a different mindset. Here is you, the famous don't trust verify.  or so, asking as many of them as possible. And if you stump him, then good for you, but probably not. One last question before we get into the Q&A is, tell us more about the actual like RIF infrastructure that you have, and kind of the RSK and IOV products in terms of when you spend your day building, what are you guys building? And for those that don't know anything about the business, kind of give us just a layman term overview  like anything, it starts like centralized, Bitcoin started with Satoshi, then Halfini joined and then you started moving from centralized to decentralized. And RSK now is fairly decentralized, we have no control on the network behavior, we only keep developing the protocol and proposing things, improvements to the protocol and more and more the other participants in the network are the ones taking over new improvements. So that's one thing  to the back to the gold standard, but being Bitcoin, the gold, the reserve asset. So I think that's great. It's a truly peer to peer monetary system. And on top of that, you have a team that created RSKSwap that is the equivalent of Uniswap where you have a decentralized exchange and an automated market making protocol. Then you have sovereign that is bringing lending and margin trading. Other protocols from Ethereum are coming.  for truck drivers in the US. So you have that connection with the real economy and optimizing the logistic industry. Then you have co-events that is connecting the banks and financial institutions of Latin America and using these open financial networks, network asset backbone to interconnect countries that don't connect well among them. Then you have GroupoSaurra helping the gas and oil industry  On the Rift part, as I said, what we do is we supplement this smart contract layer and the Bitcoin store of value with peer-to-peer protocols. Now with the platforming that we are seeing in Twitter in many places, this is becoming more and more relevant. What we do is we build protocols for secure peer-to-peer communications, protocols for decentralized storage, decentralized naming services.  into the internet peer-to-peer protocol. So that's a little bit of, well, not a little bit, a lot of. I'm gonna cheat on one more question, but I have one more before we go to the Q&A is you're outside the United States and you're in South America. Help people understand if they live in the United States, what is the current kind of sentiment and maybe the benefits of Bitcoin to countries abroad versus maybe in the United States where the dollar and the financial system  hyperinflation, corruption. So everything around you is unstable. You don't have any place to protect your value. And people is hatching against the measures of the government all the time. So in that context, even for people who is thinking short term, if you have 50% inflation per year, or in cases like Venezuela, you are talking about thousands  in Argentina sending money back using dollar on chain to their families in Venezuela using these networks because the traditional system gets a 10% cut. So in the emerging world, in most of the economies in the world, I would say Bitcoin is a necessity. It's not an option. Then you have, of course, the top percent of the population, which we are part of, that can save money for two or three years,  add more wallets in the future? Yeah, absolutely. We help wallets. I think we have been working with Edge Wallet, which is a very nice Bitcoin wallet. And we have been adding some in Asia like Math Wallet. So we keep helping wallet providers integrate the technology. And we have a reference wallet that is the R wallet, that it's an open source wallet that we use as a code way.  Absolutely. I'm very good friend with Sani Ray and then he was at the center of that dispute. They actually won Unocoin, won the trial with the RBI, the Central Bank of India, where they tried to buy force, shut down the crypto activities and they won and I think they did a great service to the crypto community. And I think India is  I would say thousands of years in hard money, in long-term money, as I like to call it. So for them, Bitcoin is, and also the technology, adoption is huge. So mobile adoption is huge. So I think they are ripe for disruption there. So I think I have big hopes in India. And also it's becoming, India already has the same size of as population as China.  to  other venues where you want to apply. So that's a very good one. And then I think, you know, to be part of crypto, you need to be specialized in crypto. I mean, you can take whatever you do. I don't know what we promoted in the early days where there were no many places where you could use crypto. And we were telling people, OK, you can translate all money, dollars into Bitcoin. But something better you can do is like offer your services, offer your products in Bitcoin and be part of  definition has a hard limit of maybe 700,000 transactions per second and the protocol will evolve very small, very slow in that sense. But what you have to check is the amount of volume transacted because Bitcoin is like the core settlement hub, but then you have the exchanges on top, you have payment processes, so you have this layer two. When we talk about layer two, usually  of the network growth and the Bitcoin success. Yeah. You just published our login as open source and you'll be bringing it to Taringa, I think you say, Sam. The largest Latin American social media site with 30 million users. Talk a little bit about our login and kind of what the impact could be if that's adopted by more and more companies. Well, yeah, at the end of 2019, we acquired Taringa  economic aspects be managed by the community using the open finance and the peer to peer protocols we are building and also infrastructure. So in the future, the idea is that if I'm a Taringa user, I will run the application on my mobile phone and I will be hosting data for other users. So the full infrastructure, economical, you know, social and infrastructural elements of Taringa will be run by the community. So and again, I think this is more  giving away the control to our assets, our digital assets to third parties.