 All right, guys, bang, bang. Got a very special guest. Probably one of the earliest internet entrepreneurs, Kevin Rose, is with us. We are recording this as part of the Stacks Conference, which is BlockStacks, a virtual event. And so there's been a ton of great speakers and lots of great information. So highly recommend you go and check out the rest of them. But Kevin, thank you so much for taking the time to join us.  And I was like, wait, what is going on? And so I went and I listened to the episode and I guess you had listened to Chamath Palapatiya right in like the heart of the pandemic and the economic crisis, pretty much just say what he meant. And he really kind of went off. And so it was cool to kind of hear your thoughts about one of the episodes. But maybe let's start with your background. You know, you've worked on so many important pieces of what I kind of considered that the internet, you know, economy, maybe just like, how do you do that?  tech and computers out there and desperately wanted to figure out a way to get to the Bay Area because I just had been reading about how everything was going on, you know, especially in 99, 2000. And so I said, well, I got to get to SF, figured out a way to get kind of a low level job working in San Francisco, moved out there, fell in love with the city. Eventually, it took me a little while to love that city. And then, yeah, started my own thing in 2004 when the kind of Web 2.0 was just getting started.  you were to dig something back then or eventually later, you know, about a year later when Facebook added likes or you upload something on Reddit, people used to forget it would actually have to take you to another page. Like when we first launched dig, you would have to say like, dig something would take you to another page and say, thank you for your dig because there was no way to do it in line. And so when they came out with asynchronous JavaScript to make that happen, you could actually click something and see the page refresh with the number. And as silly as that sounds today, that was like bleeding edge back then. And so that's,  I'm like, oh, I use dig every day or literally, you know, I remember using dig so much. How does that feel today or even back then? You know, it's, I think that anytime you can have a small little impact on the internet and change just a little tiny piece of it is it's a beautiful thing. And I would say the biggest one was probably when drew the founder of Dropbox came up to me and was like, uh, we launched on dig and that's what really blew us up.  the Twitter folks. Zuckerberg was really curious about digs before he added like, so he came over to my office and just sat on the floor with his slippers and talked about how it worked. It was like all those early days, but no one was thinking it would be this big. It was just like, well, how can we make our websites better? There was still mobile. It was like, how can we just make our websites better? What features can we add to attract more users? To watch and see how Twitter and Facebook and some of the other bigger platforms, Reddit and others have changed the world is just  I just considered them, um, you know, really valuable lessons that I wouldn't make today and ones that I had to go through. Yeah. And obviously being a little bit older, having more experience, it helps in the hindsight. Um, there talk a little bit about the evolution of content moderation, you know, as you built that kind of first site, um, and you had to break a lot of ground and kind of figure things out. I don't know how many really, you know, examples you could pull from, you know, even Zuck had you to go through that.  I'm just the technology that they have today on the machine learning side and the things that they're doing to identify spam early on that we didn't have back then. But I look at what's happening on Twitter with the issues that they've had around moderation. And I really feel it's when you've been behind the scenes and you see what happens, you realize just how crazy it is. And the general public typically doesn't see this type of thing. And so like, for example,  is false moderation. And from just a standard consumer on the site, you're like, yeah, this, this thing had thousands of votes. Why is it not on the front page? But what you don't see is behind the scenes, 80% of those votes came in a, a, not a natural way, but a way that they've determined to be fraudulent. So that can be people going directly to the permalink site without actually naturally discovering it through the kind of upcoming section or any other page. It could be a bunch of new accounts all voting on the same thing.  it just turns into scandal or quote unquote deep state trying to keep us down or whatever it may be behind the scenes. And in reality, there's a bunch of shady stuff going on. And so when I see that happening at Twitter and other places and just, when we added messaging or the ability to communicate behind the scenes and you see people all getting together in big groups, like trying to all zero in on an article to try and promote. And it makes me feel very fortunate  Hey, don't click on this link, but go to the product on website, you know, scroll down. We're ranked about, you know, 30th right now. Uh, you'll find a shot on there and then up. And so it's funny to kind of see, um, the constant cat and mouse game. I think, uh, it, but what that does lead to though, is you've mentioned a couple of times, like almost malicious actors, right? Or, or kind of bad actors. Um, and so how did you guys previously deal with this, uh, a day or maybe it's for the other companies you've invested in. Um, and then now we're seeing more,  And so sometimes we had like, to your point, like there are people that come in that have great articles that just want to get more exposure. And so they tell their friends go try and find this organically and voted up and blah, blah, blah. And that there's not really a lot of harm in that. There's confusion in that. Like I remember one time when CNET, they had probably 75 of their employees go and sign up for dig accounts and all dig the same article and they were pretty much like, Oh, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going  something good. In this case, it wasn't, it wasn't a bad act. It was like the legitimate article. They were just trying to give it a little extra love. Now there's, there's the other side of things where you know, you have a spammer, you know, you have someone that is really trying to promote paid content or content that is just like, you know, the typical spam that you would see in your inbox, you know, stuff like that. So we would do all different types of things, including we had a system where you could set a flag on someone's account or a series of accounts or hundreds of accounts and tell them they were called like silent accounts.  actual physical banning of people. Like we did that by the, you know, we probably, I don't know how many we had by the time that I left it, but it was in the hundreds of thousands, if not over a million accounts banned, you know, it's, it just, um, there are certain times where people are so malicious that you just can't, they can no longer be active on your platform and you have to do everything you can. Like, I mean, hate speech, um, things that threats, like I had to have  And almost not creating content, but more so trying to manipulate it. That's very different than if I'm the one who's actually creating the content. I'm saying things that are malicious, hurtful, kind of violent, whatever. And both from a moderation standpoint, is it different? But also there seems to be more sensitivity and much more anger around I'm being silenced versus I can't take an action on a site, right? Like to me, the silencing component seems to be where all the people  saying, we don't want you in our store anymore. We don't want you in our house anymore. This is our private company. And it's completely within their rights to say that. I mean, that's, that's the beautiful thing about America. Like we can say, I built this service. I don't, you're not, um, I have a series, a set of rules and guidelines. You're not adhering to those. And so you are no longer welcome here. And I, I, I'm not directing that at Trump. I'm directing that at, I mean, this is all users. Like that's the beautiful thing about these private businesses.  And there's just a lot of confusion there. And I tend to agree with you, right? That like, look, these are private companies and they're basically reminding us that they're private companies and they can do this, right? And I think people may have forgotten that or be confused. Does the analysis change or kind of how do you see the difference when, let's say it is a random 25 year old person in the United States who isn't well known by any measure and it's just kind of going about their day  Yeah. It's, it's, I dunno, this is above my pay grade. It's, it's difficult in that I feel if it's hard to say what you would do if you were sitting in that position, right? Like I feel there's importance that, that you want to allow the information to get out there and it's going to get out there one way or another, whether it be like, if someone gets cut off on Twitter, they can go to their private email newsletter. They can go to their website. They can go to a thousand other outlets. Most of them have large followings of people that they can text with.  technology wise to completely decentralized systems that will allow these to exist no matter what is set. Now they may not be in the app store because obviously Google, Facebook, Samsung, others, they control the content in their app stores, but the content could live in a decentralized fashion that cannot be censored. And that's a lot of people working towards building these systems. And there's a lot of good in those types of systems, but I think that's a good thing.  When the traffic is encrypted, there's not really a way to do that. It's just a whole can of worms. There's no easy, elegant solution here. Yeah. You actually started to touch on what my last question was going to be just around. It feels like the more and more that decentralized companies, which by the way, has been the default. It has led to incredible value creation. It's probably been, I think, pretty undeniably the best solution so far.  it. How likely is it, do you think, that we get what I'll call kind of mainstream decentralized, whether it's a social network, a mobile app, a website? And really, the perspective I've had on this is like, I don't know, maybe five years ago, definitely when you started Digg, if anyone said, hey, I'm going to build a decentralized website, they kind of got put into the like, oh, you're just paranoid category? Like, why does it need to be decentralized? That seems to be changing now. And so is it something where it's like, yeah,  granted it's going to be much slower, right? Like decentralized systems in general, they don't have the crazy edge servers and caching and all the other stuff that a centralized service will bring you that give you, you know, crazy response times that load the page in a quarter of a second. So, uh, some of these systems are going to be certainly slower. I certainly believe that, um, you're going to have a lot of the, uh, types of users that were banned that are spreading certain types of information, whether  It's gonna be a question of whether or not anyone, like do people put this in the bucket of kind of like the dark web, where only a certain subset of people that know what they're doing and know what they're getting into go to, or will there be any legitimate users on there that kind of somewhat make the platform seem like it is a place to hang out for an everyday user, if that makes sense? Yeah, absolutely. And I mean, we would be doing everyone a disservice if we didn't talk about Bitcoin  place where a few things are coming together that are giving it renewed life. Not renewed life. It's always been alive. It's just the question of adoption. I think there's a few different levers that are happening all at the same time. One, it's just age is a big deal. Every week, every month, every year that goes by where this thing has been hammered on and pounded on by everyone, and there is increased confidence in the technical feasibility, although that's been there from the get-go.  that was Square Cash. Everyone's like, oh yeah, I've used Square Cash. Maybe I'll use that as mine. Then it was Robinhood and a few others. But now, the big, big players, not the Square isn't a big player, but PayPal is much larger. They're going to get in the arena and say, there's money to be made here. Let's go ahead and offer this to our consumers. I would imagine we start seeing that. It wouldn't surprise me if major banks start doing the same thing. When that happens, it's just really going to unlock a lot of demand.  I'm pretty excited about the future of Bitcoin. It's being extended, block sexting some interesting stuff to extend it as well, create smart contracts on top of it, things of that nature, make it more Ethereum-like. The industry is maturing quite a bit. It's pretty exciting. The crazy uncle question I always get at Thanksgiving and now over Zoom, Thanksgiving is like, should I buy Bitcoin?  across all asset classes. And if you can just put it in there and forget about it for the next 10, 15, 20 years, and then figure out has this grown to a point where it's 10, 15, 20% of my overall assets? And if so, consider doing some, you know, moving around and pruning to make sure that you have the allocation targets that you're looking to hit. So, but I am, obviously, if you are a brand new country getting started today, you're not going out and buying printers and printing money.  It's like Tesla and Bitcoin. It's like, well, yeah, because they understand maybe some trends that older folks aren't quite aware of yet. So we'll see how it all plays out. But I tend to think that your perspective is pretty accurate and spot on. Where can we send people to find you on the internet and find out more about your work at True? Yeah. So trueventures.com is where I invest day to day. So I'm a partner over there. We invest in the very early seed stage Series A.  And you can sign up for that over at chemros.com. Awesome. Listen, thank you so much for doing this. Uh, you know, as I start off saying, uh, you've literally built some of the, uh, the coolest companies on the internet and, uh, but a huge part of a lot of people, um, kind of following your footsteps. So, uh, you know, one, congrats on all the success and two, thank you so much for, uh, for joining us today. Oh, dude, it's my pleasure. Like keep doing the great shows. Cause I will, I will keep listening. You are, you're definitely one of my default podcasts. So thank you for that.