 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got a very special guest for you today. Mr. Rick Edelman. He is the number one financial advisor in the world multiple years. I would rattle off all the years, but there's been so many of them that I can't remember them all. So thank you so much for doing this, sir. Oh, it's great to be with you, Tom. Thanks so much for having me. For sure. You've spent a long time and been very, very successful as a financial advisor. Walk us through  We were infuriated that he would tell us to do this. And it made us realize, you know, getting good, effective advice, not so easy. And you know what? We're going to learn how to do this on our own. And then we're going to teach others what we've learned. And that was the basis for forming our practice. We were in our twenties in a community where we didn't grow up, didn't go to college, had no family. And so we were all by ourselves and started out to basically right the wrong and to  money works and how to make it work for them. And the message got around. We began doing college planning seminars for elementary school PTA groups, young parents with young kids who don't know anything about this stuff. You know, it was back in the eighties, nobody ever heard of financial planning. And so most folks back then never owned a mutual fund. And so word spread and I was invited onto the radio and later television. And so today,  in an entertaining and fun way, because let's face it, it's a boring subject. And as a result of all that, we've now become the largest investment advisory firm in the nation where the largest independent RIA in the country serving 1.2 million households, managing about $230 billion of assets. And Edelman Financial Engines is also now also the largest provider of advice to 401k plans in the country, about 140 of the Fortune 500 are our clients.  obviously have built a business and been an entrepreneur. What's the one lesson that you wish that you could have told yourself when you first started this journey before you had $200 plus billion in assets? Is there one lesson that would have been incredibly valuable for you? We learned a lot over the years. A lot of it was confirmatory. The benefit I had is that I grew up in an entrepreneurial household. My mom and dad ran a small business. Sitting around the kitchen table every night at dinner and listening to them talk shop,  furniture, everything we own to provide as much cash as we could to the business. My very first office space, I had someone who allowed me to go into their office and I'm not kidding, they literally gave me a window sill. So my very first office was a stool along a window. And on that window sill, I had a telephone and that was it. So you do whatever it takes to get by, minimizing expenses to devote all of  that allows you to do it for such a long period of time. You've probably seen almost everything. And for my friends who are financial advisors, I've heard some pretty crazy stories in the good times. Last year was one of those times that weren't so great in terms of a lot of volatility in asset prices. There was a lot of uncertainty, a lot of chaos. What were some of the things that clients were coming to you and your colleagues, either with concerns,  in 2000. And yet last year, 2020 was unprecedented because it was a health crisis in addition to a financial crisis. And the unpredictability of the pandemic, the unexpected behavior of the stock market is really one for the record books. And there are going to be a lot of PhDs produced with dissertations on all of it. And making it even more horrific and complicated was the presidential election and its outcome resulting in the horrific  to stay focused on the longterm, look out 10 years from now, 20 years from now, that's hard to do when the headlines, when the videos that you're seeing on the evening news are so shocking and so polarizing. It's hard to do that. And so what we're finding is that some folks are allowing their political views to color their financial decisions. Those who are very, very angry at President Trump's defeat  their political views, their social attitudes from their investment strategy. Because when you mix the two, you're normally doing it for the wrong reasons at the wrong times and the outcome will not be what you wanted. It's so funny because basically what you're describing is not only are you a financial advisor, but in some way you are a therapist, a psychologist and many other things that don't kind of come with the job description, correct? Well, yeah, we've always felt that way. I mean, we're not professional social workers or psychologists  Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies. And my understanding from the approach that you've taken is you've actually been very forward-looking and somewhat embracing of innovation and saying, look, this is an interesting asset class. Maybe walk us through just how did you come across Bitcoin and crypto and blockchain technology? And what has your journey been with this asset class? Yeah, I've always been a planner, meaning look to the future. Where are we going? How are we going to get there?  I went to the first exponential technologies ETF, which was launched by iShares about five, six years ago. And as part of that, I try to spend time with futurists, technologists, scientists, experts in a variety of technology fields. And several years ago, well, maybe, gosh, it's almost a decade now, I had the opportunity to interview Ray Kurzweil. I interviewed him for my TV show, Public Television.  which I did in late 2012. I then became an investor in Singularity University and a lecturer there as well. And at Singularity, I learned all about these exponential technologies, AI, robotics, nanotech, biotech, bioinformatics, 3D printing, big data, fintech, edtech, and of course, blockchain and Bitcoin. This was 2012 and I'd never heard of Bitcoin before and I was very curious, trying to understand why  and their clients. And second, the crypto community is inventing some pretty nifty whiz-bang products and services. Now, the blockchain is going to prove to be one of the most powerful innovative technologies, I believe, since the internet itself was invented. And we're only just now beginning to see its impact. And it's going to have transformative effects on commerce on a global scale in all industries.  for example, and nanotech robots that will be traveling through your bloodstream and things like that. But they couldn't explain the impact on personal finance. And that was my research for much of the last decade. And I finally figured it out. And it culminated in my publication of my most recent book, The Truth About Your Future, which is a deep dive into exponential technologies, what they are, how they work, and what does it mean for your personal finances, investments, taxes, mortgages, insurance, career and college, homeowners,  the 21st. And we're already seeing that. If you look at the biggest companies in America, they didn't exist in the 20th century. You're looking at companies like Twitter and Google and Amazon, compared to, for example, Kodak, which filed bankruptcy the very year that Instagram was sold for a billion dollars. And so we have to understand these new exponential technologies. And Bitcoin is one of the most tangible ways that ordinary investors can engage  all these nifty WizzBank products and services, but it's the advisory community that are the gatekeepers to investors and their assets. So Readec is the bridge to bring the two of them together. And we've launched a certification program to help advisors get the knowledge they need and then to be able to demonstrate that they've become experts to their clients by holding the certificate in blockchain and digital assets. So it's been very, very exciting as we've been developing all of this for financial advisors. So today, the financial  had the eureka moment and now there's education? We know we've been being educated for the last two or three years and now we're close to execution. Is there maybe a distribution of those different points in the spectrum? How do you just look at where our financial advisors when it comes to crypto currently? We're still very, very early. We are in a slow metamorphosis. It is accelerating, but it is still very early. Up until relatively recently, I'd say within the last year or two, advisors were  years ago. That's not the Bitcoin world of today. There has been a massive metamorphosis in the infrastructure, in the echo space that exists, and what people thought of five or 10 years ago, which was probably accurate, with an attitude that this won't last, it will eventually go to zero, it's a fad, it won't sustain. That is shifting. The attitude is now morphed among the financial advisors I talk with of, I thought it was going to go away to now  And they need to be able to be more communicative and informative for their clients. And so advisors, I wouldn't yet say are on board. I wouldn't say that advisors are, for the most part, enthusiastic or optimistic or willing participants. I'd say their skepticism remains high and that's healthy, but they are willing to acknowledge they need to learn more to either prove or disprove their skepticism. And I don't care what their conclusion is. If you want to walk away hating Bitcoin, fine.  make your decision, that lesson could be used in many, many different facets of our society for sure. So it's good to hear that that's kind of the approach that you're taking. What are the obstacles in your mind, whether they're market structure issues or regulatory issues, or maybe just uncertainties that you think most financial advisors are either hung up on or paying attention to? Like, are there certain things where you're saying, hey, you know, there's this regulatory issue and when this gets resolved, there will be  that doesn't exist. So how do you know, what are the products and services that exist out there that I can recommend for my clients? So that's one is how do I do it? Related to that is the regulatory side. How do I comply with my obligations as a fiduciary, as a licensed financial advisor regarding my KYC and AML obligations, for example? How do I track  the service provider going out of business because they aren't financially stable. So where can I custody with safety? And along the way, how do I know that I have price integrity? And in fact, those are the two fundamental issues remaining with the SEC and their deliberation of examining applications for an ETF. Custody, how do we know the asset will be well cared for safe? And number two, price. How do we know that the price is legitimate, that it's fair,  community is not waiting for the SEC to do that. We already have a wide variety of products, a number of very established exchanges. Fidelity is engaged already with Fidelity Digital Assets. You have companies like Kingdom Trust, a qualified custodian with $19 billion in assets that allows you to buy, own, and trade Bitcoin and other digital assets, even in an IRA account. You have a number of private placements that will allow you to invest as  lot in the last five years. And what advisors think they know about Bitcoin is, for the most part, outmoded, outdated information that's no longer valid. And as a result, they're doing themselves a disservice and their clients by not learning more about what the opportunities are today. And so you, again, as I mentioned, are very, very forward thinking. You've really embraced this as one of the potential things that will be important in the future, along with a bunch of other technologies and industries. I know that you've invested  interested in that you're able to help them put into the portfolio. Like, how do you think about here's what we're actually doing today for clients in crypto? So at Edelman Financial Engines, we have a very specific methodology of managing money and we choose to limit ourselves to 40-act products, ETFs, and mutual funds. And there's a real simple reason for that. The vast majority of our clients are not accredited investors. They're middle-class Americans, hardworking folks,  So the advice we're giving our clients is number one, don't invest in this space until you have the knowledge. Bitcoin and other digital assets do not behave like any other financial assets you are ever familiar with. They have nothing in common with the stock market, the bond market, the oil market, the real estate market, the gold market has nothing in common. So you need to get educated first and foremost. That will help you determine if you want to go beyond that. And if you do, which we're not necessarily recommending, limit your investment to just one percent.  But if it goes broke, if it blows up on you as it may, the 1% isn't going to destroy you financially. It'll be annoying, but not devastating. So the 1% allocation can dramatically lower the risk while materially increasing the return of a portfolio, thanks to the fact that Bitcoin is a non-correlated asset. It's not really negatively correlated. It is non-correlated. And if you truly believe in diversification, a non-correlated asset is exactly what you want to improve your diversification.  It's fantastic to hear you say this because I think you're spot on in terms of the non-correlation. There's also this element of potential asymmetry. And so a small allocation can drive a pretty material impact. And then the diversification, there really is no other asset that at least currently provides some of those elements all in one asset. Talk to me in terms of when you look at crypto and Bitcoin, there's a big focus on get off zero, get in the game,  completely move away from that and 6040 is dead. There might not be kind of a one size fits all answer here, but just how do you think about that debate and the multiple perspectives in light of the customers and clients that you have today? Yeah, we have to evaluate based on the individual client circumstances and Goldman Sachs announced earlier this week that they think US Treasury is going to be negative for the next three years, negative returns.  options for investors, and it's partly recognizing that we're not about to see a dramatic increase in interest rates anytime soon. The Fed says they're going to keep rates this low for the next three years. It's a conundrum. The only way to answer it, I believe, is on a client-by-client basis. There is no one-size-fits-all. I don't think in Edelman Financial Engines that it is a 60-40 typical exposure. I think we're probably closer to 65-35 on average.  long-term, intermediate, or short-term? Are they high quality or high yield? Are they corporate or government? Are they US or foreign? That's really the key issue is what is the asset allocation within the bond portfolio? And how can you manage that portfolio through an effective rebalancing strategy that allows the portfolio to not only compliment the stock side, but to enhance the returns and reduce the risks along the way? So I don't think it's a question of in or out, yes or no.  laid out kind of the different ways you can just cut the asset allocation to bonds can drastically change that answer. Is that also true in terms of nuance when you look at Bitcoin and kind of the crypto industry in terms of whether it's different vehicles, different types of assets, or do you think that right now people are making a very binary, should I get exposure, should I not? And we're not yet at the point where people understand the nuance well enough to start making, you know, hey, should I get  80% of the market. There are 5,000 coins out there. A lot of them are fraud. A lot of them are fad. Most are going to fail, disappear, go away. 1,000 of them already have. So out of this huge array, there's Bitcoin with 75%, 80% market share. Ethereum has another 10% or 15%. So between those two, you're pushing 90% of all the money in digital assets in those two coins. And I'm not even going to bother going into why those two  compared to those two. So you could do that if you wanted. And then the question becomes, how do you buy Bitcoin? Do you go buy Bitcoin directly from an exchange, somebody like Coinbase or Gemini or Kraken, or do you buy Bitcoin via a security like GBTC? Or do you buy it from a private fund like at Skybridge Capital or at Galaxy? Or do you do a more exotic trading strategy with multi-coin or some of the other funds that are doing long short?  accepting for fees and the timing of when you bought and sold, but it's the rising tide, lifting all boats on a tidal wave, flooding them all. So I don't really think at the end of the day, it's got to matter a hell of a lot. It's really interesting to kind of hear that perspective because I think that you're actually correct for sure of just getting exposure is probably the most important thing. It's kind of like in a portfolio, the asset allocation may be more important than the security selection or likely is, same thing here of just  Let me just tell us a little bit more about it.  include them in your practice management, how you deal with record keeping, tax reporting, rebalancing, the different products that exist in the marketplace and the differences between them and understanding how to communicate this with clients and how to incorporate it into your practice. So that by the time you go through these 10 modules, which you could cram into a weekend if you felt like it or spread it out over several months as your choice, you will have the working knowledge you need to be able to talk intelligently with your clients, answer their questions and determine most importantly,  riadak.com. Awesome. Before I let you go, I always ask everyone the same three questions. The first one is a little bit more serious. What is the most important book that you've ever read? And you've written so many great books. So maybe let's do one that you did not write, but that you've read and it's had a major impact. Well, of course, the Bible has to be number one. The number two is probably stereotypically Atlas Schrud. I'm a huge fan of Amran. And I'm a big  amazing sleep matches that I've been sleeping on and I've been spending way more time trying to sleep. So what is your sleep routine and kind of how, if you've been doing this for 35 years, there's an element of sustainability of just being able to not only grow the business, but just survive. How has maybe your sleep schedule changed over time, right? When you're on the windows, still starting the business, it may be different than today, but just how do you think about sleep and how that's evolved over the years? Well, God, personally with needing lots of sleep,  restful your sleep really was. And so what I've learned is that the best way to get a good night's sleep is to go to bed exhausted. A lot of folks I discover go to sleep at a boredom. They've just been watching TV or reading a book or they got nothing else to do so they'll turn off the lights because it's that time to go to bed. And so it's hard to turn the brain off because you're just not exhausted. So my attitude is to work really hard, play really hard and sleep really well. So go to bed  So basically can really sleep in a cold environment. And I didn't understand how impactful that was. And as a kid, you just basically think of, hey, I just go to sleep with whatever the temperature in the house is. But I guess in terms of getting deeper REM sleep, did the cool technology really work? So it's pretty cool to see, you know, once you become intentional about this actually being exhausted and ensuring you get the sleep, it actually makes you more productive during the day as well. So it's- We've had one interruption lately. We got a dog three months ago.  pretty smart folks in the field of astronomy. And Gene and I collect old astronomy books as a hobby. There is no question, there is no doubt that there is life on other planets. The problem is that they are so far away that we do not know how or when we will ever be able to communicate with them because of the distances. So technology has not yet been invented to be able to communicate with them, but to  One is, what happens when I die? And the second is, are we here alone? And for whatever reason, I think that's a great framework because I think that the second question of are we here alone? You know, 10, 15 years ago, people probably had a harder time believing and kind of thinking about it. Now, though, I tend to think that the majority of folks say, yeah, it's probably true that it's also irrelevant because of the distances. So the real question about aliens is, are we being visited by aliens? Are we going to be  you get to ask me one question to finish up what question do you have for me? Well, who's the favorite person? And this is not a self serving question. I'm going to let you off the hook and say you can't name me. But who was the best? What was the most fun interview, the best memorable interview you ever gave? This one is gonna be a weird answer. But there's a guy, Mackenzie, who came on, who nobody in the world knows who he is. He literally DM'd me on Twitter, as have a bunch  And it was one cool just to kind of hear his story with Bitcoin and digital assets and kind of how he learned about them and why he was intrigued. But he said a single line that I think really summed up most people who are listening to this podcast, actually, in fact, probably most of your clients as well, which was he said, look, I'm not trying to take over the world. I'm just simply trying to provide a better life for my kids. Right. And it just hit me over the head. He said, you know, I have the pleasure, as I'm sure you do as well, of talking to so many ambitious  constantly. I trade emails with them all the time and communication with our clients frequently. And I can tell you that the so-called men on the street, the everyday American, they are the smartest people on the planet and we learn from them all the time. So my listeners are the ones who ought to be hosting my show and instead of me doing the talking, they ought to be. So that's a great experience that you have. That's brilliant. Yeah. Where can we send people to find you on the internet or  you so much. You're an absolute legend. Just thank you for really kind of pushing, I think, the pace of adoption and frankly innovation when it comes to financial advisors with Bitcoin and digital assets. You're doing a fantastic job and we'll have to do it again in the future. I look forward to it. Thanks very much.