 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got the original OGs of this podcast back together. We'll get to that story in a second. But I've got Jason and Mike, co-founders of Blockworks here. Thanks so much for doing this, guys. Yeah, thanks for having us, Paul. All right, let's jump right into your background. Where did you guys meet and how did you start Blockworks? Yeah, we both went to Emory.  like  No offense there, Jason. But honestly, I had worked at a really small boutique consulting firm. And the thing there is you're selling your brand and trust and all that kind of stuff. And it's really hard to do if you don't have a name, especially if you're two 23-year-old guys, which is what we were at the time. But that was the beginning for it. We were the only two within our friend group that really got bitten by the Bitcoin bug. So we took the very traditional route of we were passing podcasts back and forth with one another. We were passing articles.  And everyone in this room paid the same amount of money to organize this event actually made. And what we were going to do was we were going to host events to help us build that brand image or that kind of name and trust in space that would eventually lead to consulting. But that's when we got started as an events company. And so we have a bunch of hilarious stories. I think that we're going to talk about today. One of them probably starts with the event that I spoke at. Was this the first one you guys ever threw or was this one of the early  quit our jobs like the psychos we were after kind of one event. We had this plan. We're like planning out. Yeah, we're going to do this for like 12 months. Our salaries are going to support us. Blah, blah, blah. One month later, we both quit our jobs. Mike Paul's trigger quits his events. As you guys join me, I quit my job. And we host a May event, May 10th, about 10 days after we both put our jobs, lost money that we're complete idiots. And then the third event we had was June 28th, 2018. I think it was called like capital raising in the age of blockchain or  Absolutely, Mr. Pauliano. And so you show up with Paulina. We have this like, like, bad little, you know, venue in Chinatown. You show up with Paulina, you speak. We auto subscribe you to our newsletter and the rest is history. Yeah. So I don't even know if you remember this part. You called us back into your office the next day after that to talk about stuff. And that was that was like a pivotal moment for me and Jason, you know, getting that  It was in a little sketchy part of town of Chinatown there. And when I was walking into the event, you had to go through this real weird looking place and go upstairs or whatever. And there was a second there. I was like, I might be walking into a complete scam. These guys might try to kill me. And then I got to this, oh, OK, this is a nice thing. There's food here. They must know what they're doing. And then a bunch of people came. I don't know. It was like 200, 300 people, whatever it was. And I was like, all right, maybe they actually do know what they're doing.  And then you kind of called us in and launched the podcast with you and that kind of kicked off the whole business. So the story you guys have told me since then is I don't remember how a podcast came out. I don't think I even knew really what a podcast was. And at some point it was like, oh, we should like do a podcast. And I was like, I don't got time for that. And you guys were like, well, what like basically if all you do is you just walk in the room, record the conversation and leave and everything else is done, would you do it? And I was like, sure.  made the jingle. So that's when people hear the podcast or what used to be off the train. That's the origin story. So what's the biggest takeaway from how you guys got started in terms of like, there's a ton of ridiculous things, but you survived and eventually thrived. What was your biggest takeaway starting? I mean, there's a lot of takeaways, but honestly, I think one of the big takeaways, especially running a bootstrap business, is just to do stuff. And when you do stuff, you kind of create your own luck. Honestly, that  different things and doing stuff. Yeah, mine is. The thing I would say is just ruthlessly cold call and cold email people and just don't take no for an answer at the beginning when you're launching a business. I mean, if you if we stopped emailing you after those first 11 emails, right? Who knows what would have happened. And I mean, we saw that so many times like, I don't know, I remember we sold one time we sold a family office dinner, we said 15 family offices were going to show up. It was the night before we had two attendees  Hey, it worked. So you guys built out a pretty large business. There's podcasts, there's ad sales, you've got a newsletter. And then you decided like, hey, we want to kind of take a step back and really be intentional about what we do moving forward. The name went from Blockworks group to just Blockworks, you know, a big rebrand there. And you're now relaunching as this financial  We worked with Meltem Demirs and Joe Carlson and we studied billionaires and Ted Sides of capital allocators and Peter McCormick. So we've got the largest podcast network in the space, one of the largest podcast networks in financial media in general. Our events business grew from like these six to 10 PM events to large scale conferences that we hosted in places like New York and Chicago and London. And so we built kind of a very successful events and podcasting business over the last few years that does work.  in crypto. And it's been really interesting to watch, even over the course of the last five or six months, when you see the types of people that are getting involved in this space, the kind of Paul Tudor Joneses and the Stanley Druckenmullers of the world, right? That's one group of institutions. That's kind of the macro hedge funds. But as this space continues to grow and onboard new cohorts of people, there are going to be some kind of like the corporate people or the enterprise blockchain people who are going to be, want to be interested in how is this going to help my business? Then there's going to be a whole other group of people, like kind of the tech people, the developer focused crowd.  retail, right? And so many of the media companies that exist built their audience, you know, built their company serving the audience that existed, which was at that time a retail audience. So there really hasn't been much opportunity until now to actually build a media company that is exclusively focused on serving that new cohort of people that are going to come in. And that's what we're really focused on doing on the editorial side of things. So yeah, that's a little bit about our science. And when you think about like the existing media  the CDCs, the Bloombergs, the Yahoo's Finances that are trying to cover this from more of a traditional viewpoint. And then you've got this like explosion of podcasts and YouTube channels. And so there's all this content. But what it sounds like you guys are really saying is like all that content is focused on educating the retail sector. Really what you guys are doing is more almost B2B type media where you're going to go and try to create content that is valuable to these institutional investors and help them get up to speed. Is that a fair way to kind  company  snarks and all that stuff. And they just kind of throw their hands up and say, this isn't for me. I don't care about this. This doesn't connect with my life. So really, when we say we're building an institutionally focused brand, you got to really put yourself in the shoes of these people and try to understand why are they caring about the space? And that's the guiding light for content. I mean, you speak to these folks all day long. I just pulled up one of our, you know, another crypto media company that one of the ones that you just mentioned. Let me read these three articles. Trade Santa is giving away Christmas gifts.  to how Bitcoin's intertwined with things like central banking, Fed activity. It's just not getting covered from an institutional light. And that's the next extension of our business, is this editorial arm. Got it. And so when you guys think about the body of work that goes into this, is this going to be audio, written, video, a combination? How do you think about the actual editorial output of what you're going to have? I think it's a combination of all those things. I think when it comes to content, it has to conform to a specific  really interesting medium as well. But I think overall with the mix, we're kind of, I mean, Jason can talk a little bit more about the reasons why we decided to play in certain mediums, but the overall guiding light of the content, the audience that you're serving is the same, but it has to be different depending on the medium. So on the editorial side of things, Pomp, so we've just doubled the size of the company in the last 30 days, a few of the, and we're hiring for a lot more roles for any listeners out there who are interested in joining a crypto media company. But we  institution would come to you to read about. So they're not reading about cyber chain or whatever other crazy thing, sushi swap, and kind of all the really nuanced, highly speculative, but yet highly experimental and potentially highly innovative things, but just two in the weeds. What is the type of content that they'll be reading? Yeah. So we kind of segment our content into four different buckets. One is asset management. So literally just covering the space of asset management within  but maybe it's like an investment bank that's buying a crypto company to start a trading desk. Or maybe it's a bank or large asset manager that's kind of moving into custody, basically covering existing financial services and how they're starting to play in this space. Three is macro. So Jason kind of mentioned this before, but there are some topics like central banking and CBDCs are a really good one, that that's a really great overlay in between, obviously, digital currencies is an idea that was born in crypto, but that cuts right to the heart of kind of traditional finance.  lead generation, there is affiliates. Ecommerce, yeah. Yeah, like, how did you guys think of or how are you thinking about monetizing the business move toward? Yeah. So the first thing that we did is we looked at every single media company, right? And this is everything from Hodinkey with watches to the Wall Street Journal to Bloomberg, which is more of a data company to things like Morning Brew. We looked at every single media company that our business has always been based around sponsorship  Basically, our conclusion was, you look at the evolution of digital media over the last 10, 20 years, really decade, I guess I'd call it, B2C media raised a bunch of money and basically got their lunch eaten by social media. Big companies like Vox and BuzzFeed made huge bets that they would leverage social media to build their platforms. What they didn't understand though is that the value accrued to social media and that it didn't actually accrue to these digital media companies.  editorial front is a B2B media company that monetizes their sponsorships and ads. And then on the podcast front, you look at the podcast space, Wondery just got bought for what, 300 million by Amazon, Gimlet got bought for 200 million by Spotify. The podcast space is booming right now. And so what we're trying to do is basically leverage talent to sit at the, talent is sitting at the center of this B2B media company, which we think is a really unique model. And we think that every media company in the world  and will be highly successful. But the sentiment in 2018 is a little bit different than the sentiment 2019 than 20. And like now it's 2021, it feels like everyone is using hashtag Bitcoin on Twitter. They want to tell you about how they bought their first Bitcoin in 2018 and they're ready to rock and roll. So like how did you guys see that sentiment shift over time? Yeah, I mean, it's funny.  take effect in a big way. And one of the other problems with Bitcoin overall is that it's always been too small. Scale has always been a huge problem for these guys, where it's like, OK, I'm a $10 billion asset manager. I want to put $100 million to work. The space was just straight up way too small. So I think right now, as we're talking right before this Bitcoin hit $40K, so I think there definitely is some danger of being euphoric settlement. That's not making a comment  months ago, Bitcoin was a dirty word. And every one of these podcasts, every one of these guys is talking about it. And they're talking about it in sophisticated ways. They're using good arguments and they're open-minded. And to me, that's a really powerful way to measure the sentiment of the overall space.  You can't be the odd duck left out.  any other asset. And so now you've got the portfolio managers of the largest asset managers in the world. They might not own it on their funds portfolio, but they own it inside their personal, personal portfolio. Yeah. Well, and I think we're just at a point now where like everyone realizes, frankly, what most of the corners are saying for a while. This is a necessity. This isn't a privilege. This is a necessity. You have to have this in your portfolio. It's the single greatest protector of purchasing power. And it's the only asset in the world that could  So there's Bitcoin, the asset, and Bitcoin, the network. And Bitcoin, the network as a payment settlement network is arguably more interesting than the asset. Bitcoin, the asset will get bigger than gold. At some point, there'll be the flipping and it passes gold. And that's really interesting. Bitcoin, the settlement layer and the network will become magnitudes larger than the asset. And that's interesting because that really globalizes the world and actually really  to  and multiple approvals. It's a nightmare working with the existing financial system. So, look, you can look at price, but at the end of the day, it is just kind of a better product than what exists out there. Yeah, obviously I agree. What are the things that you guys are looking forward to in 2021 in terms of, obviously, once you get this launched, either milestones for the industry or milestones for BlockWorks?  looking forward to in the space over the coming year. Just keeping on what's happening right now as more and more people get into the space, not only is it exciting because obviously, the price of Bitcoin and stuff like that, but you just get more diversity of thought and opinion and you kind of build out the infrastructure and everything just feels more real. So I think just watching as more and more people come into the space, build good products, build successful products, figure out business  there are four themes to look at in 2021. The four main Bitcoin themes are going to be one, corporates are going to invest 1% of their cash into Bitcoin. Every corporate is going to be looking at this. And just like a lot of funds, some of them might not do it, but everyone's at least looking to invest 1% of their cash into Bitcoin. The second thing is funds are going to invest 1% to 5% of their portfolios into Bitcoin. The third thing is financial advisors and RIAs are going to start recommending Bitcoin.  the M&A and acquisition space heating up. Those are the four big themes that I think will take place this year. It will be pretty damn exciting to see it play out.  the  JP Morgan about Bitcoin. There's a really great article by I think Andreessen Horowitz put this out a couple of years ago now. Basically, it's the idea that everything follows price and on these big uptrends in this is already started. Because what ends up happening is the price ends up going up, the media ends up covering it, a bunch of eyeballs get on the space, and then a bunch of people end up moving into the space.  Yeah, and it also just feels like as more people come into the space, they're more experienced and got a different skill set. In some cases, they're more intelligent, right? Like it's kind of like almost professionalized some of what's going on. But at the same time, what's really important is keeping the same ethos and the same edginess and the same kind of absolute fanatical obsession that has made Bitcoin what it is. So it's almost like you're going to end up having both sides of the coin where you've got kind of a professional  I have somebody. I know you I bet you do. Many people many people are sitting there. Keep giving me all this. This night nonsense but I got one guy who he's working on some other things for me too but he is fired with the means. I may or may not have a meme sitting in my in my arsenal right now but I'm not used to yet. So I'll be recording this and don't from 40 down to 37 fives you know just make sure  On a micro level, I mean, this sounds kind of, I don't want to promote scam stuff, but there's some pretty intelligent scammers out there. Like every day I get hit up in my direct messages on Twitter. That's some like, you know, my son just died. Like, can you send me some Bitcoin? I don't want to promote those though. So I won't use that. I'll think of a better one. But those are, I mean, I don't know if that exists in other industries.  I hear about Yale's portfolio manager buying Bitcoin. I don't know if that'll ever cease to amaze me. I'll be honest with you.  this crazy game, go ahead, but there's another path. So I guess I can say it. Their cost basis in the first fund is $5,500. Not too shabby. My friend. Not too shabby. Nice little tonic, sir. So they're doing just fine. All right. The two questions I ask everybody, and then you guys get to ask me a question. What is the most important book you've each read? I think for me, actually, Jason introduced me. So you're about to get a two for here, Jason. But I think the ascent of money was  I got two answers. One is the one to make me sound sophisticated. It's the book I'm reading right now, because I'm a history nerd. It's a team of rivals about Lincoln, but that's the one to make me sound more sophisticated than I am. Honestly, I mean, it's almost like a little embarrassing to say, but the books that change, it's a series of books that changed my life when I was 18. It's for you. Exactly. Not the seven part series. I did love that one. But no, it's, it's, it's a book called Think and Grow Rich. There's a book called Rich Dad Poor Dad. It's a book called Richest  And so yeah, it was the thinking grow rich, how to win friends and influence people, rich dad, poor dad and richest man Babylon as cheesy as those might sound. Those are the three books I read when I was 20 years old that changed my life. So that's good. I think we could have been in a book club. No, I wasn't talking about it. Aliens. How much do both of you believe? Nope. One hundred percent. Not only do I believe in aliens, I think there is a really good chance  I think everyone's allowed one conspiracy thing that they're allowed to believe in and this is mine and I fully. It's not a conspiracy, it's science. Yeah, I agree. I'm right there with you. Jason? Nope. Why not? I was in the room the first time you asked this question. You think I'm crazy enough to say no? I just want to see your response. Of course aliens exist. I took a 10-day trip to Cairo, Egypt two years ago by myself, 10-day trip.