 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got a super awesome guest today. I've got Lauren here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Oh, thanks for having me. I'm so excited to be here. Alright, so you work with the New York Yankees and you essentially try to help the entire base of athletes get better mentally. Before we get into that, let's talk about kind of your background. Where do you grow up? How do you get into this line?  sports psychology existed until my senior year of college, actually, I was getting my degree in kinesiology and thinking I wanted to go into physical therapy because it was the only thing I could really see interested me in terms of sports. And I got injured my senior year of college and I had a little bit more time. I played soccer in college, I should mention. And I wasn't able to play anymore. So I was still able to be on the sidelines, but my role changed vastly. So I decided to  ham, Curly Lloyd, Abby Wambach, but I thought like, what would my soccer career look like? Would I have enjoyed it more if I would have had these mental skills kind of in my arsenal? And so that's when I decided, you know, wow, this is this is something I could do to help others where they wouldn't look back on their career and say, man, what if I had these skills? What if what would it have looked like? So that's kind of what led me into that. And I've been super passionate really ever since then. And I think the biggest reason was because  it matters most in under extreme circumstances. Got it. And so as a mental conditioning coach, like talk through just like, what does that really entail? What is the relationship you have with athletes? What is kind of the day to day look like and kind of where do you focus in terms of actually working with these people? Yeah. So really what we do, our job is to teach mental skills and help our athletes develop mental skills, mental toughness.  to recognize some of those skills that might be lacking are areas of improvement in terms of the mental side. And so my relationship with my athletes is, well, I should start by saying the culture at the Yankees is you don't have to be sick to get better. I think whenever you put this idea like mental in front of anything, there's kind of a stigma attached. And they, I walked into a really great culture when I first started with the Yankees four years ago. And that was already  And we do that through, first, the most important thing is building a relationship with those people. And our athletes, because you wouldn't tell anybody something super personal about you. If you didn't know them, you didn't trust them. So that's probably the most important is to build that trust and relationship first. And then we work with them with, whether it's a one-on-one session, whether it's group sessions, a lot of them take place like in the dugout, in the outfield, when we're chagging balls during VP. It's not the traditional  is it everyone in between? Is there a difference? Like how do you just think about if you're like, hey, I'm going to the ballpark today. Is there a certain framework you use as to who to help or who to evaluate first or kind of take priority? Well, I think it's, I think asking like who needs more mental toughness is the same as asking who needs more physical strength. You know, it's, it's very similar. It's everybody needs,  adapts to maybe either negative thoughts, fear, self-doubt, adversity, feeling like, oh, I've got it. I'm going to cruise now. Like being able to override those default settings all comes through with that mental strength. And I don't think there's a position that necessarily like needs more than somebody else. I just think it varies by the person. Some people, they are naturally born with a little bit more resilience than others, but also the more important piece is that our brain is so  especially when they turn the, when they cross the threshold of mental performance into, um, into a clinical, um, issue or a clinical symptom, signer symptom, then we, then that might be something we want to address immediately. And there's, I guess urgency might change, but in terms of one being more important than the other, I don't necessarily agree with that. And you mentioned earlier, kind of like being born a certain way, uh, how much of it is literally you're just born more mentally taught.  that does have an impact as well. But I think the coolest part about the mental side is that it can be grown and developed. It's just like people that, you know, are naturally athletic. They come out with these like they never work out, but they're just jacked and you're like, why? Who are you? But it's like that. It's yes, you can have that. But then also it's this other piece that you can continue to build. You can continue to. And even if you you're born without it, it's all it is is we have these default settings in our brain. It's like an iPhone.  And so I really think that, you know, while yes, that does play some of a role that even if you don't have any of it, you can still become mentally tough. It is not a limiting factor. Yeah. And what seems to be really interesting about this is that repetition, right? And so probably the most popular question that I got asked for questions for talking to you was how do I become mentally tougher? Like what are the things that either you do for a baseball player, a business executive?  go in one of my videos because I think especially with the new year, everybody's creating these new goals and you know, everybody, I mean, we've all been there before where we've like set a goal and like a month in, it's nowhere to be found. We have, we've just completely eliminated it. And I think one of the tools that has always helped me, and this is kind of one of the foundational pieces of mental toughness in my mind in terms of building it is consistency, is repetition.  or do abs for five minutes. We're lowering intensity, but we're remaining consistent. And so consistency, long-term consistency trumps short-term intensity. And Bruce Lee said that. And I think it's so important because little by little, a little becomes a lot. And so when we can string together these really tiny wins every single day, they don't have to be big. They can be really small. And I love this analogy that James Clear uses when he talks about  they can do in a month, in a year. And so that's where I would say like one of the biggest foundational pieces is being consistent. And so one of the things that you can do to be consistent in is increasing our awareness. You can't change anything if you're not aware of it. So first thing is awareness. And one of the ways that I do this with a lot of my athletes is journaling. It's one of those like really, really a lot of people think it's boring. A lot of people may think it's mundane. It's not sexy. It's not like super cool, but  is something you can name either went well or that you did well. And then two, what can I improve? Because if you're not improving, we can become stagnant. And so we want to continue to evolve and change over time. So what can I improve or what can I do better? And then three, what did I learn? Like what's the lesson that I pulled from this? Like what was the final piece that I can then take and apply to my next day? So as we do that, we can start to learn these patterns of behavior. And once we see these patterns,  playing baseball at the highest levels and trying to win a World Series. At the same time, that consistency over long periods of time, it reminds me a lot of like the long baseball season, right? So we play literally 182 games and it can really wear out people. And so is there this belief that there's almost like this journey where people will be at their highest mental peak at a certain point, then they'll go through kind of these troughs and they'll kind of fluctuate back and forth and maybe you almost want  you cannot improve consistency unless you're consistent with that thing. So when we start, when I talk about the lowest common denominator, I talk about, you know, you can't improve a habit unless you have one. And so if you if we first establish it at the most basic level, then we can improve from there. And so I think, yes, I think that when it comes to term consistency, especially over one hundred and eighty two games season. Yeah, there's going to be days where you're not going to feel like it.  matters. All that stuff. I think it, I mean, we're talking about a human here. Yes, they're athletes, but they're humans at the core. And so if we don't take care of the person first, yeah, we can burn out super easily. So I think that, but having said that, I should say that a lot of these guys, we look at, you know, Kobe Bryant, we look at, um, you know, LeBron, we look at some of the best in the world and they are insanely consistent. Like Derek Jeter, for instance, I never worked  twice, now you're creating a habit in the opposite direction. And so I think that's the really important part is that it's OK if you make a mistake. It's OK if you're if you don't follow through one day. But how quickly can you respond? So it's more of the response to those downs than it is to not having them at all. Yeah. And speaking of kind of downs, one of the things that's unique for sports and maybe for some of the people who listen to this who are high profile investors or founders is there's also media  like you know whether you're doing well or not. And so there's this mental kind of conditioning and strength that you have to have yourself, but then you also have to deal with what other people think. And so how do you kind of help people navigate the difference between those two things, yet they're still related? Yeah, well, I think the first thing is knowing what fuels you. Okay, we have people that totally shut off social media completely or any kind of media at all because it becomes a huge distraction.  one, we have to know that. And then number two, your opinion of you is so much more powerful than anyone else's opinion of you. Everybody's going to have one. And especially like you said, the Yankees fans, if you do well, they love you. If you don't do well, like they hate you. And so that's the important piece is to know that it's it's easy for our attention to be pulled to these highs and lows. But what we that's, I think,  every player to some degree goes through a slump. They have a period of time where they're not great. And what we tend to do is we focus on this outcome. And I think a lot of times the fear comes from either the fear of failure, failure of failing, or the repercussions from failing, the articles being written, what people are gonna say. And where our focus needs to shift is from instead of the outcome, because a lot of times what we do is we will  And I asked him, I said, all right, so if you success couldn't be defined as getting a hit or hitting a home run, whatever that is for you, how would you define it? Meaning if you went up to the plate and you did A, B and C, that would mean that you're successful regardless of the outcome. And we came up with three things that he could control. We have to redefine success to be within our control. So it became, you know, making a good swing decision, being on time and having an external focus. If he did those three things, he said,  takes care of itself. Right. One of my favorite examples is I think it might be Bill Walsh or somebody talks all the time about like, look, every play in football is drawn up to be a touchdown. Like there's no play that somebody draws up and it's like, hey, we're only going to get one yard here. No, it's a touchdown every single time. And it's dependent on 11 people on the field all doing their job. And when a play doesn't score touchdowns, usually because somebody, one of the three people or one of the 11 people didn't do their job. Right. And so I think that focusing on that process  the morning rather than go read negative headlines. If you get up and you read three positive, you don't have to read the article, just the headlines themselves. You're drastically more likely to end the day to say that you had a good day rather than a bad day. And so those are kind of cheesy, positive mindset type things that there's been a bunch of academic studies around. Are there similar types of hacks or little things that people can take away from our conversation that you're like, look, here's something that we tell athletes that they can do that's kind of a quick five minute or less thing that can  is actually a study done by Amy Cuddy, a really famous one about body language. And a lot of times, we believe that, or I mean, it's true that our thoughts can influence how we feel and how we feel can influence our physiology and that can influence our actions. But what is also true is that your body language could also influence how you feel and can influence your thoughts. And so by simply holding a power pose, which is like the poses of winning, when you have your hands in the air, like Superman,  It may work for some, but it doesn't work for me. And the way that I look at it is you can feel one way, you can think one way, and you can act completely independently of that. You can feel unconfident. You can think, oh gosh, I'm nervous. I don't know if I can do this. And then you can hold yourself with confidence and you can act based on what you know is right. And so feelings and actions don't have to match to coexist. And so I think one of the things that we can do  you may not feel confident, but you don't have to feel confident to look confident. And so hold yourself, you'll carry yourself like a champion. Hold yourself with your head high and your shoulders back. And then the second, another one that I really like is really calming ourselves down using our breath. I mean, that's one way, if you want to control yourself when you're feeling out of control, start by controlling your breathing. That's one of the like kind of the dominoes to controlling our physiology, that when you start to control your breathing,  blood vessels constrict, our breath shortens and our heart rate just starts pounding like crazy and our heart rate variability actually goes down. When you simply do something as a challenge like I got this or bring it on, you're not saying it's easy, but you're willing to take it or face it head on and you're not avoiding it, the opposite actually happens. Our body responds to prepare you to meet that moment.  your body responds. Yeah. I think that's really inte you're talking about, you know, to the batter's box, uh, that's or in season. Uh, one of the th sports specifically, it's an end date to the season. a player and say, hey, yo the top of your mental g to do all the physiological you're putting yourself i you've got to control your these things you're talki  way. And then when they c got to get back in shape a little like, how does the in se work when it comes to ment kind of mental strength. think that there's, you k you can't take a break, l guys usually take four we it looks like depending o and that's okay, you kno from it all and just gett was fine. However, the w  And we were both doing breathing exercises to slow ourselves down. And we, I was like, Oh my gosh, we were such nerds, but we, we didn't realize we were both doing it at the same time. What is he? Is he also in like mental conditioning? No, he's a professional golfer. Okay. All right. So you just told him everything that he's supposed to be doing. And he listens. Well, he doesn't really listen to me, but he listens to a lot of people. He's like, Oh, I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this. I'm not  just saying the moment in a game, I'm saying pressure moments in general because that skill is universal, not just in sport, but in life and business and everything. And so I actually, what we do with our athletes, if they can't play, we find different ways where they can use these techniques, whether it is in the weight room. And one of the ways that we can even do this when you're not, you know, in game is, you know, we may not be able to create the same pressure in terms of a situation, but we can create the same physiological response.  can't lift heavy in during season. So I think this is another aspect where you're still working on it throughout the off season, even as little as what you can and cannot control. I can't control that. I'm, you know, we don't have a season right now. I can't control that. I can't, you know, hit against live pitching, but I can control and then fill in the blank. And so I think that there's a lot of opportunities to still use it and to still build it in the off season. What's the upside of stress? One of the things that is kind of talked about more and more,  So there's a couple things, but the way I kind of look at really difficult situations is our life, like we can't avoid stress. Like a lot of us, like I want to eliminate it and I'm like, okay, well, sure, you might be able to eliminate some, but you're not gonna eliminate all. And so I actually think our, a lot of our time is wasted on trying to like eliminate it because we're just not gonna eliminate every bit of it. So I care more about how our relationship with it,  because it can really push us past our comfort zone and it can be a really good signal for growth. So I would never tell anybody to avoid stress. I would just tell them to look into like what their relationship is with it. And I think that we can't expect athletes or our employees or anybody to respond well when they're under pressure, when they're under stress, when they're faced with adversity or obstacles, if we haven't trained them. Like one of the things I  I would actually challenge you to create some space between the stress you're experiencing and your response. Again, we want to train our response, not necessarily eliminate the trigger, which a lot of times can be stressed. And so a lot of times has to be trained. And again, we can't expect our athletes to perform well under pressure if we're not training them under pressure. So I think it's huge. I think it's a separator when it comes to, to performance, especially with elite performers.  And so I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question.  in a young age. But I think what a lot of people mistake that as is is that we're just going to push them really hard and we're going to put them in really tough situations. Now yes and no. I think one of the biggest thing pieces of advice well people ask me now while I don't have kids I can I've seen what it looks like on the other side. Meaning when these things aren't implemented what it looks like at the pro level when we draft them. And one of the biggest things I tell parents is  my water bottle. You know, there's those little things. And so I wouldn't say that you need to go out to the field and put them under all this stress and make them feel insanely uncomfortable to where they hate it. The point is for them to enjoy it and to teach them how to cope with the natural things that sport and life offers us by not just trying to say it doesn't exist and take them all away, but teaching them productive ways to cope with it. One of the things that you can do and actually talks about this in the book, Parent Pep Talks, is create kind of these controlled  they do that one thing they said they were going to do within their control, put a marble in the jar. Over time, it's going to be a great visual. And there's something about either putting a marble in the jar or Xing off on the calendar that is insanely motivating because there's nothing more motivating than seeing ourselves make progress. And so that's a great way when we want to make progress in something that doesn't, isn't immediately visual is to create a visual around it. Yeah, I love that. Two more questions for you before we go to wrap up.  I mean, there are a couple things. I've gotten calls in the middle of the game, which they should not have their phones. And, you know, something happened on the field and he got thrown out of a game and ran into the locker room and called me and was in a very heated, very frustrated, understandably so. But it was like, that was not an easy situation to handle because there was a lot of moving pieces  the core of something that is really upsetting to somebody or the core of something that you would have never thought that was the reason behind this action. And I'll give you an example. I had, you know, within our system, you know, the other mental coaches, you know, in the mental conditioning department could probably attest to this as well. We know all of our guys, like very, very well. Like if somebody walked in to a room of all of our guys in our system, we would either be like, we either got even a trade and we haven't heard  So I immediately I take the blame and I go, maybe I haven't developed a good enough relationship. So I'm going to spend more time trying to develop that. And it's man, it's like no matter how much attention I would try and give that relationship, it was like kept getting shut down. So I thought, man, maybe I, maybe I said something, you know, I'm not sure, but I wanted to get to the bottom of it because, um, because I've worked with this kid before. So I just want to make sure I didn't offend him in any way. So I went up to him and I actually got to the batting cages early and he, uh, he, he was the only person that  I just don't think I'm very good at speaking. So whenever somebody of authority talks to me, I just try not to speak. And I was like, interesting. So he met with me a couple of days later to kind of dive a little bit more into it. And what we ended up finding was that in first grade, his teacher told him he's not good at speaking. Ever since then, he has avoided speaking. And so the way I like to break this down is that our beliefs  dealing with this kind of like inner battle with something that happened in first grade. And so the way that we work through these things is we take the identity, we just work it backwards. We take the identity. What kind of person do you want to become? And he's like, I want to be the person that isn't afraid to speak in a big group setting. And I was like, great. Well, then what action do we need to insert? Do we need to insert there to solidify that identity so that your belief catches up with that? And he goes, I need to talk more. Yup.  Or is it more so just, hey, you need to now think of yourself as somebody who enjoys speaking. And so when the opportunity presents itself, like we'll leave it up to you, but you need to speak more. And then you trust the athlete to kind of actually put it into practice. I'd say a little bit of both with him in particular, I wanted to hold him accountable and he asked me to. So what we actually did is I set him up for success in our meeting. So when we had group sessions, I would prompt him with the question before the meeting even started and ask him if it was okay if I called on him.  by changing the identity and then just again, the persistent and consistent activity of reinforcing it can really have an impact. One last thing I want to talk about before we do the rapid fire to finish up is kind of external forces. So we've talked a lot about kind of internally what you can do, your identity, your actions, kind of everything that I would consider natural and internal. I saw a bunch of questions people had around external forces. So everything from like micro dosing all the way to  if you want to improve this stuff. Yeah, there's one of the biggest things that I truly believe in is like your environment is kind of like this, the invisible hand that shapes a lot of our behaviors. And there was actually a study done at a hospital where they wanted to increase the amount of water sales and decrease the amount of soda that was being sold in these sugary drinks. And all they did, they didn't tell people they wanted them to buy more water. They didn't promote more water.