 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have a very special treat for you today. Cliff is here and he's one of the rare people who comes on and he's done the work. He's he's run a real business, scaled it, been super successful. So thank you so much for for taking the time to come on and talk. Hey, good to be with you today. And I appreciate the opportunity. For sure. Let's just start with your background. You grew up where, got into law and eventually entered into law.  And I was 11 going on 12 and to see that in my family, literally lose our home, you know, and that was impactful for all my life. Yeah. And I remember when my youngest kid was 11 years old and then I told him, you know, when I was your age, we were evicted from our home. And he, my kid just couldn't believe it. Just couldn't believe it.  for five years. I was in Washington, D.C. took a law degree at Georgetown University. Lived in Baltimore, Maryland for a couple years, practiced law while my wife was in graduate school there. Then we returned to the plains. My big idea just because the economy was so hot and what I didn't realize it was overheated by a by an oil boom that was debt fueled. And so within a year after our moving back all that came unwound. I spent a couple years in a business law practice here but I saw that  epidemiologist eventually became a PhD in epidemiology. But I decided I need to kind of stay here and help help support her get through that process. So I left a lot private law practice went to Sonic. I was 29 years old. So here I was, I mean, amazing enough 29 years old and general counsel of a public company called Sonic. How I got into business, our company went through two LVOs. They talked about that in the book.  COO. It was like nine years, so it's not like it happened overnight. But I'd had an opportunity to really learn the business. And so that's how I got onto the business side. And a year and a half, I'd say after I became COO, I was running the company day to day. My boss left and rather suddenly, but he left the company and the board turned to me and said, you want to be COO? And I thought, well, I'm already running the company, so why not?  transition from that general counsel role into eventually the CEO role and then kind of set you up for success to thrive as the CEO of Sonic. Great. Yep. So, so one, I got to say, I think one of the biggest factors was I was young. And because of that, when I joined Sonic, I've been practicing law four years, if I've been practicing law 20 years, I might not have been malleable enough to move over the business side. But I was 20 years old.  But we won. We didn't have a CFO, technically. And this meant that I really just got to learn the business. My boss wanted to buy the company and he wouldn't do that from the outset, but that was hard to pull off. But I think part of his thought in hiring me with a business background and maybe expectations beyond ordinary lawyers,  point when he joined the company and I joined the company. But we were able to buy it in, I got invested, you know, as a stockholder. So, yeah, but they gave me a little bit different view of things. By within two years, we had a lot of motivation, contractual motivation to buy out our institutional partner that had joined us in 86. Three years into the deal, the price was going to go up. And besides that, they wanted out, they need to show a return to their investors.  cash out of pocket in 86, I put out in 2,500 bucks. And two years later, I pulled out over $600,000. And so one was the leverage with the leveraged buyout and two was the turnaround that started occurring and the value of the company was exploding. So suddenly, here I am early 30s. Now I've got a kid. My wife and I had had our first son, we're both 30. And so now I'm  They said advise the team on how to go public. So I took a central role in that for the next year and more. And we were successful in taking public. So once again, two LBOs and IPO dealing with all aspects of this, but particularly from a corporate finance standpoint, I didn't have a finance background, but I'd gotten an extraordinary on job training, you would say. And so this was my introduction to the  pre-sarbanes oxley and I kind of thought fine this would be a this I'd learned more doing this had good team in place and you know the good auditors and so on good board so I said yes to that and then it was a year later when I said okay I'm gonna leave and he said not out become COO just run the company so this was it was a gradual process but a very real one a personal and professional development for me before I was made  Was it improving the product? Was it better marketing? Was it investing in the brand? Was it just simply hiring great people? Like when you look back and you say we had this epic run of success, here is the playbook. What do you say? Well, in a way, all those things you just listened. The answer is yes, yes, yes. Yeah. So a series of things that came together just as I became CEO.  90s and our franchise leadership and us, but really our franchise leader was very concerned about that because they did not want to get to the end of the license agreement. And then, you know, all of them have scores of stores that, you know, could lose their licenses. So they wanted years in advance to renegotiate this. And we were willing to because we built the value of the brand. So this was 93, 94. And I just moved into the COO role, literally, as that began.  We wanted more authority as a franchise or modern franchise or which we didn't have and authority to require, you know, single agency for advertising. Authority to require buying off of a single contract for goods across the system. Authority to require every few years of a trade dress upgrade at the store level. So we got all these things in there plus we got a modern rate royalty rate, which was a little bit different.  The authority we were building, it really in a way had both of those because the new license agreement was the du jour, the new license agreement was the law that we had. But the process that we were taking the whole system through meetings to talk about facilities and uniforms and menu inconsistencies and so on was the street cred piece. So that by the time we reached the finish point on the street cred piece, we had a new menu, we had a new unit,  We built several parts of our company, including our purchase and distribution. And we bring in a brought in then a guy named Drew Ritker. And Drew was fantastic on negotiating with these new requirements we had under the license agreement that everybody buy from the national contracts. Patty started driving same store sales with some new promotional activities because we required under that new license agreement, everybody had to be on the same menu.  I said, well, tell me about the program. And so he proceeds to tell me about an ice cream program he's got. And I say to him, well, what does your top store do with this ice cream program? He said, well, my top store does 30% of its sales on ice cream. I said, you must be kidding me. I said, well, tell me more. I said, don't change anything. I'm going to send our marketing folks out there and you show them what we're doing, what you're doing. And so he did. And a year later, we rolled the thing out of Inland. And I said, well, tell me about the program.  And we've now brought on this retrofit. And so once you get into, I became CEO in 95. In 96, you start getting some benefit of Drew Ritter's purchasing. 97, the drinks and ice cream come into play. Average store profits from 96 to 97 jumped 40% for the operator. I'm not talking about the company. I'm talking about the average operator in what was then 12 or 1400 stores.  benefit from all this. And so, and so, Anthony, we can talk about this run up. When I left the system, it was began to push 5 billion in sales. But when I became CEO, it was about 800 million. In 1997, we hit for the first time ever 1 billion in system wide sales, all stores franchise included 1 billion in 97. It had taken 44 years for the business to get 1 billion.  And it was, it was just on a tear. It was a great run. It was fun. Yeah. And obviously the success that you had, uh, not only gave you a bunch of experience and skills, but, uh, this book that you wrote, a master of none. Um, I think the part to me that stuck out the most wasn't so much the individual stories or the experience or the skills. It was the mindset and almost like the philosophical take you have on business. Um, and we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we were able to, we  to you and your career and how that made you successful? Well, so the title of the book is Master of None. The subtitle is How a Jack of All Trades Can Still Reach the Top. So in some ways in this book, the subtitle is equally important to the title, if not even more so. But you know, this is that'd be an awfully long title to the book, How a Jack of All Trades Can Still Reach the Top. So it kind of turned it upside down. At any rate, so has it been important  I might have, really in all my endeavors, I might have benefited from somebody pushing me harder, but usually when somebody pushed, I walked away. So I was an avid reader, good student. In my book, I talk about really one of my first leadership positions, which would not be customary, I think, when you think about an executive, a public company.  because the high school was undergoing a tremendous rapid change because the court ordered desegregation. And so that was a huge growing experience for me. So, but I've always had a wide degree of interest. Yeah, enjoy not unlike a lot of people, I enjoy food, I enjoy travel. But so I think coming into the business, I probably discounted my ability or my capacity to move into a leadership position because I didn't  And in such a way, history and law are good counterparts to each other. Because history does let you go back and see where events occurred and can be analyzed in such ways to draw conclusions or see different paths that might have occurred. Historically, you had leaders done one thing or another. Law is an analytical piece of finding similarities where other people don't see them  I suppose not want to look back and do a post-mortem on something you screwed up. My reaction is no, you must go back and look at what you screwed up to not repeat it. So it was a different approach, I think, to understanding the business and how you could manage it. So I think I was always a generalist. I enjoyed, you know, I played piano, but didn't take lessons. I played guitar, but I didn't take lessons, you know. And so this was just kind of me  I look back at my career, late in my career, and then thinking about the stories and considering a book. I did come to see myself as a business leader. Okay, I had to be a good manager here and there and throughout. But the main thing I saw was I was running a franchise organization, small independent operators of our concept who were very independent minded. And you had to find ways to sell them continually  as a foundation for a good leader and seeing it as an empowering element in my own life rather than a limiting element that jack of all trades.  you know, what you're doing every day. On the other hand, if you decide you want to go into even something technical, let's just say, in the technology world, you better approach it with some flexibility because the pace of change there is so fast that if you are narrow with what you approach, even in the technology field, if you're narrow on what you're approaching, you can be irrelevant in two years, you know.  and use these skills to be open to opportunities that come along and ones that feel right for me, intuitively feel right that I can embrace. But the, so in the book, yes, the discussion about being too narrow can do two things. One, the world can just bypass you.  create their opportunities for themselves. I think most opportunities we don't create what we do is prepare. And then the old adage that fortune favors the prepared, you know. And so if you are prepared, it looks like you're lucky or whatever. But if you're prepared, your heads up, your eyes are open, you can seize opportunities. They come along that you would never see otherwise. And I think the more narrow you are or narrowly prepared, more narrow on your work, more likely to have your  But that exploration, that intellectual curiosity really kind of carries the day. Is that fair to say? I think that's fair to say. A lot of it is intellectual curiosity. You got to be a curious person about how the world works and what's about, what may be about to occur, why it's going to occur and how you're going to handle that. You're going to embrace it. You're going to avoid it. Yeah. And so I think being curious and open, those two elements are two of the most critical elements of having a rich life, I think.  think of that could help people become more curious or kind of at least get started down that path? Well, it depends upon who you are, who I am that you're talking about. If you're talking about within an organization, as an example, I often, very often work to make sure that I was including a broad cross section of our team in  headquarters building. The building is not what has to be new. It's the layout that is different. But I'd been now, I've been by the time we were designed this, I've been CEO of the company six or seven years. We were in a high rise downtown, main and main. I had top floor corner office, private bathroom, marble floors, you had to go through my secretary space to get to me. And what I found was the longer that went on, the more horribly boring it was. I mean,  I designed it first of all so there's not a single corner office in the whole building. Every corner was a conference room. Secondly, went to modular furniture so it wasn't about who got to fight over what size desk or what size chair. Everybody in the whole place had the same chair. I had the same chair because everybody else. And my floor was not in the corner, wasn't even on the south floor. I went to a middle floor and I sat in the middle of the building. I had a desk out on an open floor using  the physicality of the office space work against building silos so that all employees could see each other every day. And it was an enormous contributor to just that. But you can find processes as an executive leader, you can find processes to break down walls to include people from other disciplines and key projects that you have and so on and so forth. Okay, well that's for the executive leader.  tasks or beyond your department, beyond your comfort level to help you grow, etc. So it is a question of acting on your curiosity. It's one thing to have your curiosity, it's another thing not to act on it because you don't act on it then, you know, okay, well, it's an academic point. So, but if you're if you are a naturally curious person, and you're in an organization that's run by silos, and there's no way around it, well, you know, you probably need to look for a new employer.  somebody who's the executive of a large company can go in there for a phone call, can go in and meet somebody that nobody knows, or literally at one point the Prime Minister of India came and sat there, right? And everyone's walking by and you know, kind of see the business being conducted, as you mentioned. So it does have a very different effect than, oh, the CEO's office is up on the top floor, right? It's almost like the physical proximity can have an impact. When you think today,  this sounds like, feels like, the circumstance in which the generalists can benefit rather than the narrow specialists. So I think at a really younger age, the issue is get a good education and particularly in areas and on pass that do demand critical thinking skills and analytical skills.  instead of trying to pursue something that you think from an external standpoint, on a resume or whatever, something that looks good, pursue something that feels right to you from your own intuition and your own talent and skill sets. And then beyond that, remain open to opportunity that comes along, keep your head up, eyes open, remain open to opportunity,  is closed. Whereas if you say yes, and if you learn a month or two later, six months later, that you just really can't pursue this path, you can always go back to somebody and say, listen, I got to shoot straight with you. I thought we could do this, but I don't think we can do this. I thought I could cut this, but I think we need this additional talent, whatever. But the point is, learn how to say yes to opportunity and figure out how to do it. Because if you say yes, you're going to get full engagement. If you say no,  me something, you know, they're going to be a little surprised, a little disappointed, you know, with that mindset. One of my favorite business stories ever is the gentleman who ended up coming up with Hot Cheetos. He was a janitor at the business before he came up with that idea. And he tells the story that he was working somewhere else and he gets the job as the janitor. And on his first day as he's going to work, his grandfather says to him, you make sure  as a janitor, he's now applying to something that people think is much more aspirational, right? But it's the same exact qualities. Yes. And he was also a guy who was within an organization where he won, he would keep his eyes open because the CEO, I talk about that example in my own book, because the CEO invited that kind of input. He developed it at home based on some street food experiences that it had.  I've been going from Sonic for two years, but my hunch is that at this point, Sonic has to be doing six or $700 million worth of ice cream. And at that time as a system, we probably did 25 million, you know? But it wasn't just the increase in sales. My then CFO would like to say anything. He said, I love any promotion where it's something mixed with air or water, you know?  just different way to look at the business over and over and over again. Yeah, it's amazing. I wrap up each conversation with three questions. The first one is a little bit more serious, which is just what is the most important book that you've ever read outside of obviously the one that you wrote? Most one of the most I can say maybe one of the most important books I read outside of the one I wrote. And just a book that sticks out in your mind.  And it was a fascinating book that I mean, it was appropriate for my age, but it really kind of, one, it got me into enjoying reading all the much more, and two, it kind of set me on a path that, you know, you can really be kind of quite aspirational. But in my adult life, I've mostly read biographies. And in some ways, going back to my 20s, series by  And eventually becoming president of the United States, you know? It's absolutely incredible. The second question is a little bit more fun. Sleep. So in 2020, I made a massive focus on, Hey, I probably should sleep more. I was one of these people who was flying around, took 120 flights, literally, I think was sleeping kind of four or five hours a night. And I met the founder of 8Sleep and Mateo was like, Hey man, you probably should sleep a little bit more. What is kind of your  years old, I started delivering newspapers. And this meant getting up 3am every morning and delivering newspapers, come back, go back to bed at 5am. The number of nights now still where I wake up at 3am, work for a couple hours and go back to bed at 5am is more often than I've cared to admit to. But this is a little bit of a pattern. I'd say in my years as being CEO that the most common  I also now go back to sleep often for another three hours or so. So not uncommon for me to get seven hours sleep now, but it's often, often proven. It's improving. I know the sleep experts would say, look, you need continuous sleep, but yeah, I can't do a whole lot about it. I wake up 3am and I'm wide awake, you know? Yeah. I don't fight it. I don't fight it anymore. You know, I just get up and read or work on some projects and until I get sleepy and I go back to bed and usually  at it. So I do think the universe is a fascinating thing. And it's hard for us to imagine what all really is out there, because we are limited to our own reality to a greatest degree. And so we try to reinvent things, even to the extent we think about them being there, we reinvent them in our own  and other fearful sort of things. I have a hard time going there, you know, but there are interesting things we all see and read periodically about things that appear in the heavens that lack any explanation. So who knows? I don't know. I'm not into the alien,  master of none, how a jack of all trade can serve as a top. And it is absolutely fantastic. And as I started off the conversation, it's just very obvious that you've done the work and, and, you know, frankly, just thank you for taking the time to write it all down and share the knowledge with folks. Cause I think, you know, folks like yourself who, who have literally decades of experience building companies successfully there's just so much information that you have that you can share with others. So highly recommend everyone go get it. And just thank you so much for, for taking the time to write the book.