 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have a treat. Once again, Dave is back. The year in review is out. I have no clue how the hell you write this every year, but thanks for coming on and talking about it. Yeah, it's always my pleasure. We had fun last time and went for a long time, too. You have a hard stop today. So I think that's you saying, Dave, don't run us into Tuesday. I would literally record with three or four hours with you,  I started to get nervous about markets. So I had gone into equity. I'd been bonds till 87, went into equities after the crash. When a colleague, I read about the crash, I go, what's that about? He said, well, you should go into equities despite that crash. So I moved to equities after 87. And then I got serious and I made a lot of money being a tech bull and thinking I was a genius. And then I got nervous. In 98, I started liquidating by mid-99. I was out 100% out.  I turned into a bear in the late 90s and I really never recovered from that. I think it's very hard to be, the guys who are unbelievably good are the bear bull combos and I don't know how they do it because I don't think the markets have ever been sane since, I don't know, the 80s. I think they were sane as hell. And so I'm laboring over the question of where do they go from here? And I think I can make a hermetically sealed case  drop to the mean, which would be a 50% or more correction, probably 60% would get us to historical means. Treadwater takes 35 years at assumed normal GDP growth. And there's combinations of time loss, which is time scares me more than price, and price loss. And you can make the assumption we're going to stay above the mean, but then your returns are going to stink because you're not buying a revenue  you're still buying a stream of revenue at twice the price and therefore half the return. And so I think the idea that you're somehow gonna get it even a 5% return. I make the case using some buffatology and stuff that even during good times you make about 4% total. And so I recently wrote about inflation and of course it's like a flame war on Twitter because everyone thinks they know what actual inflation is.  from the perspective of like, we see what the nominal returns on a lot of these investments are, but the key being, well, what are the real returns really depends on what kind of inflation do you think that we actually have regardless of what the official numbers are? Well, there's what we have and what we're going to get. And then what we're going to get is not here yet, of course. The one we have is somewhere between those two, I agree with you. So, Chaput, what is the inflation index by guy named Batowski? Yep, Ed Batowski.  And they're paying four grand a month for an apartment that's got people shitting on the sidewalks in front of it, right? I mean, it's just- It's as big as that room you're in. Yeah, right. Exactly. So what's interesting to me about the- I think the Fed is lying. I think they must know they're lying. I think they keep making stuff up to justify what they're doing. So history, they're trying to make sure history doesn't write a bad chapter that we at least accept it. I don't know which. I've labored for 20 years, whether the Fed or  I think it was in that book. He said, to inflate away debt, which appears to be what their model is, you can't inflate it away unless people don't understand it's happening. Once they do, then they correct for it, then you lose the effect. So it needs to be a covert inflation. So the line would be consistent with the idea we're going to inflate away the debt and we're going to try to convince people that we're not inflating away the debt so that the bond market doesn't collapse and various bad things happen.  believe or not believe, is it maliciously inaccurate or is it just inaccurate in some cases? What do you think? I think that the inflation levels, one, on a geographic basis are different, obviously, two, also socioeconomic status or kind of buckets experience different levels of inflation. For some reason, everyone always just uses those CPI numbers. But, you know, my favorite question to ask people right now is what do you think the difference is between the top 20 percent of Americans inflation and the bottom 20 percent of Americans in inflation? And so if you say to me, hey,  paycheck to paycheck, they're just holding their wealth in cash. And if they're also the people who have the highest propensity to experience higher levels of inflation, the, you know, think the goods and services that they consume, like there's a really strong argument that I don't know, bottom 20, bottom 40% of Americans have 10 plus percent inflation, right? Then you put them in cities and you kind of like start stacking this on the deck and you say, well, no wonder the wealth inequality gap is just exploding in two different directions, right? I want to cut higher than top 20. Okay.  the channel, Steven Roach, who said, now that's the total asset to take their house out more like 700,000, which is a scary number. And demographically, they're boomers, right? Not to say there aren't some from the other demographics, but you get to the top 5 percentile by patiently investing and saving and doing whatever. And so, and getting promoted. And so that tends to be the boomers. And then I did the analysis and said, okay, so let's assume top 5 percentile guys are about to retire. What do they get? And if you assume they can take out 4%,  people. Now there's, you know, there's social security, you can throw in there and stuff, but I, you know, it's really hard to dial it back, I think. And so I think you got to take out a chunk of money. So I think you have to have 25 multiples of your annual salary to retire. That's my focus. One of the things that's also interesting is I think we're now at close to or at 50% of the US government budget is, or no, I'm sorry. I think it's going to be 50% by the end of the 2020s. We'll be allocated to the US government budget.  do the issues they have are going to persist, but they're actually going to accelerate. And so does this all end in like some big bang and like the whole system blows up or is there some other like pressure release valve in the system that we need to move towards to kind of maybe not solve the problem, but just like mitigate some of the damage that people see on the horizon? Well, I think a year ago, I would have said I can't see the big bang theory working. Not that I didn't think it could happen, but I couldn't see it. I couldn't intuit it.  and we're floating on a bed of air. And so we've resolved nothing. We've added a huge amount of leverage to the system. I think what's being underestimated is the number of sort of, we'll call middle-class, the people who were paying their mortgage, paying their rent, paying, and they might've had some small grocery or some small business, not the millionaire next door, but the 300,000-air next door, something like that.  Let's say people who were in their late 30s to maybe early 50s. They essentially went through the financial crisis. Many of them either got wiped out or significantly impaired. They then start to rebuild, whether it's a savings or a job or whatever, but they're overly conservative. They've got the pain and kind of the mental anguish from that financial crisis. And so really that decades long equity bull run right before the virus hits, they don't participate in the first  getting stimulus checks. They've got all the time on their side. Sports are shut down. This is the new gambling, all those kind of narratives. But the older generation, they're selling their equities because they don't want to have 50% less. They're OK with 25% less or 15% less. And then all of a sudden the market turns around and takes off and they basically got shaken out of equity positions that they would have been better off holding. And so it's really interesting to kind of see an entire generation who really has gone through three separate crises.  I looked at 20 metrics evaluation. They all pointed to a 50% overvaluation and the market's gone up since then about 35% and GDP has grown about. If you ignore the COVID beating, GDP has gone up around, call it 5% total in those two years. So the numerator has gone up 35% and the denominator has gone up a few percent, making the valuation another 30% higher basically. Let me ask you this.  Now, if you look it up, you'll see numbers in the 20s, those turn out to be fraudulent numbers. And you wonder how they committed the fraud. Go look at Horizon Kinetics, they did a full analysis. Triple Q is a Berkshire Hathaway-like unit. It has the earnings to give it a P of about 100. So does the Russell. And so there's just an, there's what, 14 to 18% zombies in the S&P, these are the two.  pay their loans. So that shows you the mess we're in. So no, if it stays up here, it means that you're going to get the P tells you you're getting 1%. It's like the analogy I use, I also for metaphors, if you buy a Toyota, good car, good solid Toyota Camry for $300,000, you're going to get hurt in the trade-in. Might be a good car, but you can't pay. I went through the fangs this year. I'm stunned at the valuations of the fangs.  If it gave back all hundredfold, meaning 1% of its current price, it would still be losing money and would lose access to the credit market. So here's a company that went up a hundredfold and loses money. That's insane. Salesforce.com, price to cashflow is ridiculous, gets put in the Dow, they take out Pfizer. What kind of insanity is that? Salesforce.com is a bad joke compared to Pfizer or Exxon, the ones they took out.  how many more doublings do they have? A lot of the exponential said Amazon is not going to become a $10 trillion stock because it's still just retail. They've almost taken out retail. So, you know. What do you think people should do? Like if you were talking to a son or daughter and they said, dad, this is really bad. I have no clue what to do. What's your advice to them?  go 60, 40, just start, get started. At some point, July average. By the way, someone did a little math for me. The Nikkei, obviously, as I said, they've been sitting on a donut cushion for 30 years. The Nikkei still 60% recovered from its 89 high. People don't understand that if you're really in an overvalued situation, then it can take decades. I have a plot that I've drawn two years in a row now,  time to not make any money. You got dividends from that, but you also have taxes. You have taxes on the inflated returns, so nominal gains produce taxes that are not fair. And my brother's calling me. And so, people don't realize how long you can tread water from overvaluation. From 1929, it was just eternity before you were even for the last time, not the first time.  rudest of awakenings or the meanest of regressions, as they say. So before we move on to some non-financial stuff, Bitcoin, I know that you have a whole bunch of views, but are usually pretty realistic and honest. What's your thought there given the recent price rise and then kind of overlaid with all the nonsense going on in the traditional market? Well, you know, the Hondler podcasters like to have me on. I'm a bit of a  point will come head to head with sovereign states. And at some point, you'll either be able to stay below the radar of the sovereigns or you are going to end up in the battle of the bastards on the battlefield. And I'm going to bet on the sovereign states. I don't mind not owning it. I would have sold it. If I bought it again, I would have sold it again. So I most would have traded it. I would not have been able to hold it through the run. You have to marry  a guy kept saying, well, I don't think we're gonna, but he didn't give me a reason why. I said, well, at some point, they're going to make you either go uncryptoed, they're going to want to tax you, and they're not going to want to give up their unique hold on currency, right? They live and die by currency. Look at the battle over the dollar reserve currency status, what's going on. I think Bitcoin, they talk about sovereign cryptos. We both know how stupid that is.  I think it will be the sovereign collapse. The actual sovereign nation or just the central bank slash currency of the US dollar or other major currency. I think it requires a collapse of the monetary system, the Bretton Woods system. I think it requires something that even as a hodler, you're not going to want to go through. You'll be glad you have Bitcoin, right? That I agree, but it will be a period of great. It'll be the dark ages, sort of.  That's my bet. What I think is also true is that the prominent famous HODLers now, the ones that you're going, oh, I can see these guys doing this. They're going, oh, my God, hedge from manager X just became a HODLer. That's fantastic. I don't think they're strong hands. I did a Twitter poll and the poll suggests that a lot of people think they are, but I think they're traders. I think these are guys, these are like the guys who front ran the Robin Hooders and stuff Robin Hooders.  Eventually, he didn't go with it because he's a derivatives trader. The last thing I wanted to do was own money in a fund where the guy is hardwired to run when they go and get stuff. That's his job. I can picture getting beaten up and then I'm saying, okay, we're wrapping up the fund. I go, I don't want you to wrap up the fund right now. I've suffered. I didn't go with it for that reason. I think this big money  are directly correct in kind of the skeptical argument. The two things that I think are part of the conversation and important to pull up are one, there is a very large base, about 60% of Bitcoin in the circulating supply that hasn't moved in 12 months, even with all the volatility. So they're not institutions on the most hands, they're usually retail and that base is very, very strong holders, right? And when there is high degrees of volatility.  if you take the top 40 percent of the, if you look at the largest 40 percent of the followers, it's a small number of people. There's some extraordinarily wealthy guys at the top there. And I would expect them to hang on. What I'm not convinced will hang out of it are the hedges who this year announced they were buying. So those folks, here's what's interesting about them. People who are going and buying Bitcoin and just putting it into some sort of cold storage, they've got direct  today. If something bad happened, it would actually trade at a discount to NAV. But that Bitcoin is quote unquote being held. Now it's not in the sense of investor. Central fund of Canada is the precious metals. So they're similar to all the metals. They don't actually what they were doing is they were buying metals and skimming. I didn't like that part of it. They were taking the premium and boiling it down. But the people who own the shares weren't getting. We're getting some of the metals here. Yeah. So let's talk a little bit about  in relationship to, we're talking about on the finance side, the virus, the government made a shutdown and kind of does that stuff persist? Is that a thing that just happens during an election year? And then it kind of dissipates. Like, how do you just think about that? Well, I think you're right on all counts. Um, I didn't, I did what I called the anatomy of our, of the riots and, and there's different players and they serve different roles. And so you start out with the top shelf of the guys who flat out pay  organized. And I don't think that I don't know, I don't have a good feel for where that organization has come from, but they got money behind them. I wrote about a guy who went to a bunch of them and he kept seeing the same faces at different cities. And so there was serious organization. I think that crystal meth toting, Antifa guys are being paid to show up and beat heads and smash windows and stuff. I think they're on someone's payroll.  stuff of video footage of ballots being dragged out of closets and stuff like that. And testimony of people saying, you know, I watched a loaded truck that I drove from New York to Pennsylvania. And I think the case is pretty good for a wholesale election fraud. And it traces the Bayesian. And I didn't know that until, I don't know, two or three weeks ago. And then this documentary going along showing what  And then they show this video of a guy who is supposedly Xi Jinping's right-hand man, one of his key sort of inner circle, giving a lecture to an auditorium full of people. And the subtitle, people say, well, how do you know what the subtitle says? I go, there's a hundred people in my building who could show that to be bullshit. They're not gonna try to fake subtitles. Everyone speaks Chinese, every other person here. And he starts out, he's this personable guy who's talking to the audience and he says,  we give him another wad of cash. And he says, that usually works. He says, we couldn't do it. And then he gets to the end and he says, and now Biden's going to be in the White House and the whole audience laughs. And he says, we're okay now. And I can't watch that video and not wonder, A, why are they so brash? And do they really own our government at this point? Do they really have control? And do stories of sort of Obama's ties with Beijing and stuff, are they real?  think that it was election fraud, if so, how and kind of like walk me through your thought process of how you even just evaluate something that a year ago, if we talked about, people would dismiss as absolutely insane theory that the elections are rigged, that now all of a sudden is a very serious debate in our country between two political parties that seem to be getting farther and farther apart on a daily basis.  There used to be videos, people showing here is how you hack an election computer to get whatever vote couch you want. And these YouTube were being posted as long as YouTube has existed. So computer hackers have all claimed that the election is absolutely perforated, that anyone could rig it if they wanted, but it always seemed like, well, probably the two teams are just battling. It's like playing capture the flag, you know, and who cares? And the bottom line is that as long as the two candidates were both  saying, look, this is our guy, whether we like it or not. How many detest it? And clearly, there's a serious neocon group who's never signed off on Trump. They're never Trumpers at the highest level exist. But we didn't know the percentage. I picked up something this year that was very strange. I wrote about the bailouts. I wrote about the corruption. And I was scraping data about politicians' families who got bailout money. And I sort of rounded them up from different sources. I put them into one bullet. And I noticed  It's just an odd correlation. Just one of those right now. That's just my spidey sense picking up something that I don't yet understand. So in any event, so the entire left hates him. Some percentage of the right that we don't fully understand hates him. The entire media hates him, including a decent percentage, I think, of Fox News. I don't think Fox has ever been 100% Trump. You got Tucker, yes, you got Hannity, yes, but you got a bunch of people who really didn't seem to play the Trump card a lot.  it. Right? Well, that's you demonize someone and then you say, now you got to do it. Um, so you got the intelligence, right? There's no question the intelligence guys are after Trump. And, and then you say, okay, they had four years to prepare for the election. They tried to get them on impeachment, Russiagate, the whole thing. They couldn't bring them down. Did they really forget to rig the election? So I use kind of the counterfactual argument. I cannot fathom that they didn't. And I, I've watched, looked at the data and I  And I was so far out on the limb talking about all these dicey subjects that I think I decided to protect myself. And this morning I was thinking about writing a blog on that topic and saying, I didn't quite get that right. Yeah. What's so fascinating to me is I've started the conversation with people of forget this election, for example, or as an example, just do you believe that there has been election fraud in the past?  the outcome of the election is, you know, what the will of the people is or how everyone to describe it. But you can ask them, why did they do the front then if it never influenced the election? Well, here's the part that I then ask is I say, do you believe that there will be more inaccuracies and fraud in the future or less? And do you think that it has the possibility of starting to affect elections? And almost resoundingly, the answers I've gotten are yes. So basically it happened in the past. It wasn't that bad. It didn't actually influence elections.  just to get a sample size up. And I always have you determine what your view is and whether you lean left or right. And I always get the psychopaths and say, I don't lean. And I go, get a psychiatrist. Get a psychiatrist. You need help. And what I found was that 66% of those who lean right thought that it was unprecedented wholesale fraud and 37% of those who lean left did. And I'm staggered, I'm staggered that the numbers are actually that low.  Yeah, the way they got it was sanitized to be legal, but I'm guessing they got it a better way than that. Although Rogan said, yeah, someone said to Rogan, how did he leave it in the shop? And Rogan said, he's a crackhead, right? You know, that does explain a lot. I use that great graphic where, you know, get hookers, call China, and then pick up laptop. The Alabix is real good to pick up laptop. Yeah, I think there's a lot of very prominent people who saw the evidence and said,