 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Mitch here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Thanks. Thanks a lot for sure. Let's just jump right into your background. You've had this great business and investing career, but a lot of people probably aren't familiar with how you got started. Where did you grow up and how did you get into business? Yeah, thanks a lot. Well, I mean, we'll go backwards. I'm 56 years old today. So I grew up in Montreal, in Canada. I live there now. I guess there's been a lot of stops and  And I found the owner of that company in Austria and I called him and I said, I want to figure out some way we can do business together because I see that you're trying to do business over the internet in gaming. I was a gaming lawyer representing IGT, Caesars at the time, even though I later on hooked up with Caesars, it was unrelated. So I was a gaming lawyer doing gaming related law. Gaming was exploding in the nineties. Every state and every province was getting a little bit of a change.  And so these two guys started a little payment processing business in the back of their service provider. And a few years later, I left my law practice and joined them. The company got bought by Bell Canada. We got tons of stock in this e-commerce subsidiary of Bell. We did very well. We spun out the payments business. We created our own public company. We grew it. We sold it to a NASDAQ company. It grew again. I later left it to run party gaming, but this payment processing company  lawyer, gaming lawyer, got into payment processing, got into the internet quite early, was offered the job as the CEO of Party Poker, Party Gaming. At the time it was a $10 billion company. I moved to Gibraltar with my family. I ran that business for two years. During those two years, the unlawful internet gaming act passed in 2006 in America. I turned off the US part of our business, which took the business from a $10 billion market cap to a $2 billion market cap. I learned a lot. We recovered very well.  And then payment processing and gaming was in my life until party gaming, when I left party gaming. And I did start this subsidiary of Caesars and I guess the rest we'll talk about. Yeah. So when you go to start that subsidiary, what's so fascinating to me is you essentially go from practicing law around gaming to running a company and probably dealing with one of the most catastrophic things that could happen in terms of having shut off the US business. And then really kind of jumping full in to a US based business, right? And catatonic.  I love the idea of working with Bonderman and Rowan and Apollo and TPG. And the Caesars brand always resonated with me because I was someone who knew a lot about gaming and knew a lot about gaming law. And so to be able to be sort of wrapped in the Caesars Palace brand and the Planet Hollywood brand and the World Series of Poker brand, I thought that was a great opportunity for me. We thought that poker would become legal in the United States. We'd own the World Series of Poker. And we would make a lot of money for our shareholders, for our stakeholders and our shareholders. That turned out to not be the case. But I think your first  if they were thinking that this was serious or not. But as it turns out, it's 12 years later and that's what I do. So I saw the opportunity to be around people that I thought could really help me in my life and I could help them as well. But to be around them, it was being around winners actually. It's kind of like if I could play for the Golden State Warriors two years ago, that would be awesome. So I felt like I was maybe the last man on the bench, but I was playing on a great team and I was happy to be there.  And so once we realized that, we realized this, I hate to use the word pivot, but we knew we had to pivot because I had a meeting in December, 2010 with my management team. I said, guys, listen, I don't think that you are going to become wealthy running the world series of poker. And if we don't find something else, you're all going to look for something else because look, it's the wild West. The world is young. You guys are young guys. And so we started looking around and we saw Zanga poker and we saw a farm bill and we said, Hey, you know what?  Israel. I said, listen, Israel is a great hub of game development. Let's try to find something there. And lo and behold, a friend of mine asked me if I had heard of a certain company, which I had not. The company was doing run rate of about 10 million of EBITDA with 13 employees in an apartment in Tel Aviv. I flew to Tel Aviv, sat in the apartment, I met with the guys, I fell in love with them and went back to the board at Caesars, an elder elderly, an older board, a board of Bonnermans and people  We sold it to a consortium in China, including Jack Ma's family office for $4.4 billion. And now it's four years later, they've issued their S1 and they'll be public in two weeks at about an $11 billion market cap. So bought it for a hundred sold it for 4.4, same management team stayed there. I didn't, I stayed at Caesars to finish a couple of projects I was working on. And those guys have done incredibly well and I'm very proud of them.  And so obviously you kind of continue to do the work at Caesars. Eventually you leave and you now do a whole bunch of stuff. Investing, you send a couple of boards. I've really enjoyed getting to know you. Let's maybe talk a little bit about the board of director positions that you hold. Two of those are Rackspace and Shutterfly. This year, or really 2020, has not been the most fun year to be running businesses that potentially could be impacted by a global pandemic, government mandated shutdowns.  And the SERC is now 300 days into zero revenue. So from a business that generated close to $2 billion of revenue, it's been at zero for 300 days. It went into restructuring, it's now owned by its lenders. So those conversations were very, very difficult because we couldn't figure out a way that you could actually sustain yourself at zero revenue and service the debt. So you always will have a contingency plan.  bad luck. If this would have been an internet virus and not a human virus and Google was down for a year and a half and all the internet cloud companies were down for a year and a half, well, live entertainment would be thriving and the internet wouldn't be. So that was on the negative side. On the positive side, of course, I'm in Rackspace, a cloud services business, couldn't be better, had the best year in the history of Rackspace, went public again. So we took a private in 2015, took it public again about two months ago, have a phenomenal  On the one hand, we have a business where we're the largest procurer, taker of high school graduation and college graduation and church photos with a company called LifeTouch. So of course there were hardly any school photos, but at the same time, the amount and the volume of photo books and other merchandise that we sell through Shutterfly has really been astounding. So we've had a great year.  et cetera. So, you know, I think that it's more a matter of luck than the decisioning because at Shutterfly and Rackspace, we didn't have to pivot at Cirque du Soleil, we couldn't pivot. And again, luck struck us at the Seattle Kraken, where I'm on the executive board of the Kraken and in the ownership group with David Bonderman and Jerry Bruckheimer and Andy Jassy. And I guess you could say we've gotten lucky. We start in October 2021.  pandemic than not. At the same time, you have to have a lot of empathy because the whole world is not in the cloud. The whole world is not Chamath and David Sachs and Elon Musk and Tomp and the whole world is not in Bitcoin and blockchain. The world is construction workers, restaurant owners, hotel workers, service people, stuck at home, school teachers. So, yeah, I think it's just been a very interesting time, not only as a board member investor, but just as a human being.  Why do you feel like that's been so important to your success?  Mark Rowan, it's authentic. They happen to be the billionaires. I have lots of relationships with people who are in the fourth level of management in companies and have been with me since 1999 or 2003. And I value their friendships and their relationships and their loyalty. And we've figured out a way most of the time to actually make money and have success together. And we figured out a way to deal with failures, disappointments and the like. And I feel like I've tried to know as much as I can about the things that I'm involved with. Today it's a bit more difficult because  they find me authentic. And we found interesting, fun ways to work together. You know, I once said to Bonderman, I said, and Jim Coulter is another one who I just adore, and Devesh Makan at Iconic, who managed a large amount of our family assets today. I said to Bonderman one day, I said, you know, David, you're worth four or $5 billion. Why are you and I making investments where, you know, we're each investing a million dollars or even half a million dollars? And his answer was the most beautiful answer ever. He goes, I just want to be an interesting  Before we talk about Bitcoin, you mentioned iconic and a number of the investments you've made. Talk through a little bit just how you think philosophically about managing your wealth and investing in general. You obviously trust the folks that are iconic and then you do some of the direct investing. Is there a certain philosophy or approach or framework that you use when you think about how do I actually invest the money that I have? Well, first of all, I feel like I'm surrounded by people who know much more than I do.  I'm the little guy in that office and I'm super happy to be, it's fine. And then I invest in, then I have a second basket of investments where the people I trust are making investments and they feel, and I feel that I could add value to the management team. So I'll make a multi-million dollar investment in Rackspace, Shutterfly, I've done that in a number of businesses, whether it's Cirque du Soleil or Long Vang or Wolford, and I'll invest in a number of other investments.  seeking to prolong the life of dogs. And I think that's really cool. And I think that the woman who runs it is really, really great. And so I made a small investment there. I'll make investments in things that I don't know much about, but I find interesting, either socially interesting, you know, I'm no longer going to invest in oil and I had lots of big investments in oil. So I want to invest in oil. I want to invest in gun manufacturers. I want to invest obviously in coal. I don't know that many people that I know are investing in coal today, but try to be a bit socially conscious  and where I can add value and sit on the board. And that's really exciting for me. And so those are the kinds of things that I'm, obviously the hockey team, I mean, Bonderman asking me if I'll have to be part of the ownership group. Yes. I mean, that's a Canadian kids dream, right? I love that part. Let's talk about Bitcoins. That's how you and I got connected. We've done a couple of calls and I think I've been really impressed with just your intellectual curiosity, your open-mindedness. And really the reason why we wanted to record this was you have a lot of questions that many people  as you're thinking through it and then we can get into the questions that you have.  gap in blockchain and Bitcoin. And so I find that I've sort of passed through a couple of phases, the phase of, you know, Bitcoin, that's bullshit. Bitcoin, it's a bubble. Bitcoin, nobody understands it, right? And then I pass to the point where I said, wait a minute, really smart people I know are really engaged in Bitcoin. OK, leave aside your  account, I have two or three different currencies. And I want to put a million or $2 million of Bitcoin into that account. Well, you can't. So I start by asking you the question, you know, around if I wanted to buy and I did ask you this question, I want to buy a million or $2 million of Bitcoin. How do I get comfortable where I'm sending that money because it's not going to be Wells Fargo. It's not Credit Suisse. It's not BMO. How do I get comfortable where I'm sending that money? How do I get comfortable that what I'm getting in return is  we've talked at length about. But I think the first thing is people get really comfortable when they hear, especially when they've got large resources, fidelities in the game or JP Morgan's in the game. Goldman Sachs is getting in the game, right? Like, OK, those are brands that they're from the legacy world, whether I'm a customer or or not, I know them. I have friends that work there. I know people who use them. And I have some level of trust simply because it's a brand that I understand. And if they're doing it, there must be some level of regulatory compliance.  they tend to be names that the average wealthy person or investor has not heard before before they start looking. So this is Coinbase, Gemini, BlockFi, and a whole bunch of others. But what you do quickly realize is, wait a second, Coinbase has 35 million registered users, right? They've got $25 plus billion of assets on their platform. Like these are numbers that show one, sustainability. So they've been around for many years.  Bitcoin native or crypto native options. Then it's really just like, what do I want to accomplish? Right. And so for somebody like you, you'll be the first one to say like, you're not a day trader. You're not going to go sit and try to time the Bitcoin's market and buy and sell multiple times a day. So what you basically want to do is you want to think of it from an asset allocation standpoint. I'm going to put, you know, it's called $2 million into Bitcoin and I'm basically going to park it there. And sure, I'll watch the price because it's fun and exciting, but like, I'm not going to make any investment decisions based on if Bitcoin's at 32, 33 or $34,000. I'm pretty much putting an allocation in and I'm  Right.  this is Fidelity, Coinbase, Gemini, BlockFi, JP Morgan Goldman Sachs, they'll all come up with their thing. Or the next bucket is they'll start using something like grayscale or Bitwise for these kind of ETF like structure. So they're trust structures, but there's a public ticker. And so when you get in that world, all of a sudden you say, okay, 12 months from now, if we have this conversation, you're going to be able to buy it in your Citibank account, right? How it gets there, what are the processes?  And I believe that they've announced publicly they now will also give loans against your Bitcoin collateral via partnership with BlockFi. So if you believe that in the next three years, you'll be able to click a button and buy Bitcoin in your fidelity account, even the next five years, that should be the path to, you know, the gen pop buying Bitcoin, not the sophisticated population. Well, so and this is what's pretty crazy, right, is as I've kind of  crypto becomes a really big thing. It's fun. It's exciting. It's got the promise of you can become rich like all it pulls people into it. And so I think that that like bottom, you know, 45% or so of the population generally is less educated, has less resources, but now is starting to show a desire. And so some of that will change. They'll get more educated and hopefully will be able to buy investing kind of improve their financial life. Then there is, let's call it kind of another 45 to 50%. That's the middle to the upper end of the spectrum.  The third group is let's call it the top one to 5% of Americans up until maybe two years ago. Most of those people were sitting this out. It was too small. It didn't make sense. A lot of the things that you said, right? I don't understand it. It's a bubble. All of those things were that was the talking narrative. That's all shipped in the last 18 months. And so I think those are the folks that they're used to one of two things, either buying directly in that fidelity account, right? And kind of being able to click a button or two, being able to make very  They came in, then you got the next 45. And then finally, it's you're seeing the one to 5%. These are the Paul Tudor Joneses, the Stanley Druckenmiller's, like they're coming. When they show up, they're not showing up trying to buy, you know, $500 worth of Bitcoin, trying to buy $500 million. Exactly. So I think that's where you're seeing the price kind of explode. So I agree. And I think I think I won't call it the barrier to entry. It's more the barrier to enter. And once the barriers to enter are going to become more simple, more simplified. I think that  of Bitcoin, but yet we all own US dollars where the supply is infinite and definitely not tapped. We all own stock in public companies where the supply can go down by buying back stock or up by issuing new stock. So let's talk about why people like me need to understand better this supply demand piece of Bitcoin, where there's some fixed supply of Bitcoin. Yeah. So on the supply side, just structurally,  It's too much kind of large scale global coordination needed to change that 21 million cap. So where does the voting take place? So in companies that I own shares in, they send proxies around and we still in the sort of antiquated way put X's and boxes and send it back. So how does it work in Bitcoin? Yeah. So without getting really deep into technical weeds, that's not how it happens. It is a fairly technical process. And so just if you hold Bitcoin, doesn't mean you get a vote, right? So there's a whole mining  time until there's a decision made to increase or to buy back shares. Right. And those are fairly infrequent decisions and they create inflection points in price based on whether people agree or disagree. It becomes more attractive or less attractive. Well, with Bitcoin, everything is programmatic. And that simply just means that they literally wrote in code at the creation of Bitcoin. We're going to have 21 million Bitcoin. And then we are going to take those 21 million Bitcoin and we are going to put them into circulation on a predetermined schedule.  to this circulating supply. Well, in May 2020, you got cut down to 900 Bitcoin per day. And so just like there's a supply shock in a company when there is either buybacks or there is a large issuance, Bitcoin has this kind of pre-programmed supply shock. Now, the last thing I'll say about kind of the structural supply side is when you are trying to determine market prices, you usually have two inputs, right? You've got the supply and you've got demand and those two things change and you essentially are guessing or estimating  that kind of certainty and predictability of a programmatic monetary policy is really unique because it then says if we want to determine future price movements, we simply have to model demand rather than model supply and demand. And so I think that's one thing that Bitcoin has as an advantage over other assets is the supply side is held kind of programmatically and predictably and therefore the focus then shifts just the demand side, not the supply and demand side like in traditional assets.  by the car or paying with cash, that the world needs an anonymous currency and the tax that's going to drive the value. Now, it turns out that that's not really the narrative anymore, that people need an anonymous currency and that the future of paying for things is Bitcoin. It might be, but that's no longer the narrative. So what is the narrative in terms of, you know, if I buy stock in Google, I think their earnings will increase quarter over quarter to the next several years. If I buy gold, it's because, you know, I don't understand gold that well, but  So the beauty of narratives is there's always multiple narratives of any asset and some of them are true, some of them are not. And you as an investor basically have to figure out which ones are which, right? And so Google's a great example. You may buy it because you think earnings are gonna go up. Somebody else may buy it because they think even with earnings flat, it's undervalued today. And somebody else may buy it because they think that Google's the most innovative company in the world. They don't care about the finances and they just wanna own the tech or back the founder or whatever, right? And so with Bitcoin, I agree that early on,  you know, permeate throughout a society. Now, after 10 years, there's a lot of really, really smart people paying attention to this, writing about it, and kind of analyzing it. And so given the information we have today, there's a couple of key data points. One, almost every great technology is first adopted by the fringes of society. So beeper, cell phones, internet, right? It's this constant cat and mouse game between law enforcement and bad actors, and they're constantly looking for new technology to skirt law enforcement. So it's actually a positive sign, if you look at it from a technology adoption standpoint,  you can have medium of exchange properties. So real quick example of gold is gold served as this great store of value for 5000 years, but it's hard to use. It's hard to carry around. It's heavy. It's hard to break into divisible pieces. It's hard to kind of measure one ounce versus another without a scale. All those issues can't send it right across borders, in the mail, very easily, all that kind of stuff. But in order to solve that problem, we basically took gold and we said rather than carry around the gold, why don't we put the gold in a safe and we'll create paper claims on the gold. So literally the US dollar  to make it much easier to use gold. Well, that's what's happening with Bitcoin. Bitcoin chose to optimize for one thing out of the gate, and that was the security to provide store of value. How does it store the value that you put into it? And so today, you could think of Bitcoin as a scientifically engineered saving technology. And what I mean by that is between the monetary policy of that cap supply and the disinflationary monetary supply schedule,