 All right, guys, bang, bang. Got a special treat. I've got Griffin Johnson here. What's going on, man? Dude, I know I've seen you a lot around with Bryce and doing you guys this thing on your podcast. I actually thought about wearing a wife beater. You know, I figured that might bring our chemistry up a little bit because you're used to it with Bryce. But yeah, dude, I'm excited to be here, man. Listen, don't lie to the people.  content on the internet. Yeah. So, you know, I grew up, um, right on the border of, uh, Indiana and Illinois, um, pretty much central, but considered South doesn't really matter. But, uh, yeah, I didn't grow up with, uh, you know, a lot of money. My dad is, uh, he works in a factory. My mom ended up going back to school for nursing. So I always had to hustle, which kind of brought in my entrepreneur, my entrepreneurship. And, uh, I went into college and,  And I was growing on Instagram like crazy. And I was like, what is going on? And I guess they were putting my handle on there. And it wasn't until I saw a girl literally as we were studying for an exam, went live on TikTok and made like a hundred bucks. I was like, are you kidding me? So I tried it out, posted a video, it blew up. I will say it again. I was like, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I  revenue from the streams because I was a broke college kid. I worked in a factory every summer to have enough money to get through the school year because I couldn't work because of my school and nursing and stuff. So yeah, that was my whole goal was to just keep making videos. And I was trying to grow my followers to get that revenue off the streams. And three months later, I think I had a hundred something K went to one of the social media events because I met some kids and they, you know, one of them's Anthony that lives with me now.  on TikTok itself on the platform, just like an Instagram live, you just click a button, you go live, people can join in. Um, and basically if your video, especially on the for you page, people will see that you're live. They can click in or just your fans. And, um, basically it's just a donation system. So there's like different levels, like a dollar, $2, five, 10, 15, 20, 50. Um, and people can send you money. And then you basically give incentives like, you know, I'll put you in a drawing,  Um, depending on the time, obviously, uh, my standard is usually 20 minutes and I'll make anywhere from like, you know, 1500 to two grand. You realize that's ridiculous, right? Yeah, it's absolutely insane. Uh, but I actually quit doing it as I became more successful just because like in the beginning I needed it. Now I kind of leave it for the other creators that, you know, need that because it really helped my career and helped me out a lot and just in life in general.  Um, so I've talked to Bryce about it, but I know most people in the audience won't understand how you guys are making money outside of just those streams. So let's just kind of walk through like the world of the world of the world. And then I'll just say, I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that cool. I'm not really that  start calls at 10, which is, you know, usually later on the East coast time. So sometimes I wake up earlier seven calls at seven. Sometimes if they're foreign, I've had calls at like midnight, which is all Western time obviously. But yeah, so I wake up call start at 10. I'm usually at Bryce's house, the best stone house where he records by like nine, nine, like nine 15, nine 20.  On Mondays and Thursdays now, they are basically like designated film days for YouTube, podcasts, you know, you and Bryce do Tuesdays because that fits you better. But for me, obviously I wouldn't do it the same day. So yeah, it's very structured. I think people think we kind of just sit on our ass and like just go with the flow and like post TikToks all day. Definitely not it. You know, it's very structured and that's how we get into all these investments.  Obviously people know that I've been spending all this time with Bryce, but like you guys do work your asses off. And I agree with you that most people don't realize kind of how structured it is. I remember the first time he told me about like the content days and I was like, what do you mean you block off two days? And he's like, yeah, like that's all we do is we just, you know, ideate, you know, film, edit, like do all this kind of stuff. And when you look at the content output that you guys do, like you have to dedicate a lot of time to it, right? It just takes the time. When you're doing all this stuff, where does the money come from?  I will give you the basis. So a lot of creators, they have YouTube. So Google ads, since you get paid, you get basically a CPM. I don't know if people know how that works, but per thousand views, you usually get a set dollar amount that's given to you by YouTube, six, seven. It's usually in that six, seven range. So there's that. It comes in every month. You get paid once a month by that. You obviously can do your, a lot of people do the TikTok live streams or, you know, now there's a feature on Instagram.  I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea. I mean, I think it's a good idea to have a good idea.  Um, underpaid in the eyeball sense for like, you know, marketing on like TV. I don't, I can't name a single show really on anymore on TV that gets 2 million eyeballs at once. So, um, brand deals. What else? Yeah. Um, let's see. I'm trying to think, um, do you have merch? Yeah. Oh yeah. That's a big point. I don't do merch. That's why I didn't, um, come to the top of my head.  because everyone has a million hoodies and t-shirts nowadays. And not only that, it's just a really hard market because every single creator, it's not a creative idea. Every single creator is like, Oh, I got a hundred thousand followers. Oh, here's my merch. Link my teespring. So yeah, it's just a market that's like, the margins aren't great. You're talking like, you're selling a hoodie for $50 and by the time you pay for shipping or anything,  I've seen people fake being in the hospital. I've seen people like fake breaking up. Like it's just crazy stupid shit that I don't even understand. So you really can't predict these creator kids because they're literally wild. So yeah. How do you guys come up with the idea that you're like, Oh, I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to  up, make it bigger, spice it up, um, add our own twist to it. But a lot of it is just being involved, um, in kind of the space and seeing what other people are doing and what has worked in the past or what's currently working. Um, and obviously sometimes, you know, things just come to you on the fly. It's not like we just sit, I don't think anyone really just sits down for hours and like thinks of a video. Um, it's just kind of one of those things where you just roll with what's going that week and think about it on the fly.  If I only did brand deals and I grinded live streams, I'm talking like every day, I would say I'd probably make 500K in a year. Okay. Which, you know, that's not shabby, but like you'd think someone with 20 million followers, they're making like $10 million. Um, but that also is because of sway, our previous brand. Um, and we're kind of fixing that, but that's also why we pivoted and it forced us to create our own companies and build our own  And the sway stuff, it helped people understand kind of from a brand's perspective, why are they unwilling to either work with you guys or pay you less compared to a quote unquote clean creator. Right. So someone that's clean is like, you know, I wouldn't even say cussing. Like those are like extreme Disney kids. Um, but it's like, you know, with sway, we've, we've drank on camera, um, vaped on camera, you know, whatever, um, been drunk on camera and obviously  I'm like, yeah, they don't care that it got shut off, right? Cause they understand that young kids are going to party, whatever. But that's like the one moment where I think you guys like definitely arrived more than you thought you did. Well, like the thing is, I honestly think it's kind of, I get it from a brand perspective because it's like, if we work with sway, what are they going to do? Like, are they going to get a fight? Are they going to tarnish our name? Um, but honestly, if I, and this isn't being like prejudice at all, this is just like, it's like, it's like,  I get more than that on my backup account. My third backup account. My dog gets more likes than that on. It's like, it's crazy because, you know, I get it in a sense, but at the same time, it's like people don't conversion. It's conversion. It's like, what are you going to pay for, for people to see it? Like, okay. I guess that, I mean, that is a strategy, but, um, it's just crazy to me. And I don't think a lot of people understand the actual dynamics.  from home that you grew up with who like doesn't understand how this all happened. How do you explain to them your life compared to, you know, three years ago, four years ago? Yeah. So, um, you know, I would humbly say that I'm pretty rooted from my, from my hometown. I'm still friends with a bunch of, you know, so, uh, I think most creators, you know, have drifted a lot from, you know, from where they started. And I've definitely changed in my ways. I would say the biggest pivot  So one of the biggest things is how ruthless people are. And I struggle with this really bad because I'm such a helpful person. I want to help people and do my best to be a respectful dude. Really learn fast that that doesn't work in LA. People don't give a shit. There's not a lot of morals. So that's a really big struggle with me. And I feel like a lot of common people, especially if they're from the South or Midwest, can definitely  I was trying to talk to girls. Um, luckily ended up getting, um, a girlfriend and slowed down for a really long time. And then afterwards, uh, you know, there was a bunch of drama and I ended up, you know, Snapchatting a girl. And after that whole drama went down and I got cooked on the internet. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get a picture of that. And I was like, Oh  to be straight up my lingo from being in Indiana. Like, you know, I was really insensitive to a lot of things that here in LA are like really big problems. So that was the first one is having a microscope and obviously, you know, checking my language and checking the things that I do because obviously I'm not from a culture that thinks about a lot of things like that. And just making sure like I'm always on my shit. Like when I'm driving my car, you know, I got caught one time picking my nose and  So they don't really have social media. My dad has like one of those industrial smartphones. It's like works at negative 10 seconds, you know, per minute. So it's, uh, and my brother, he, he's a working guy. He's going to trade school for lineman, um, to be a lineman. And my mom, like she hears things more obviously cause she's a lot more emotional. And, uh, she doesn't really check my socials that much, uh, but her friends at work, she's a nurse now.  starting companies. How do you just think about like, why? Like, why are you interested in this stuff? Right. So like I mentioned briefly earlier, you know, growing up, I hustled just because I didn't have a lot of money. I definitely wasn't like, you know, homeless, but we were just a normal, low middle-class, middle-class family. So if I wanted anything or if I wanted anything extra, I would have to work extra hard to get money from the kids that did have money.  I had to find an alternative. And then as soon as we started doing things and starting our own brands, I literally just, it clicked with me. I fell in love and I'm like, wow, this, this makes sense. Like if I want to make money, that's actually gonna create generational wealth and set me up so I don't have to work. You know, I had no other choice. So I kind of fell into it, already kind of loved it and had no other choice. Do you enjoy like the business building and kind of operating  And definitely with building businesses is I was afraid to like make something that wouldn't work instead of doing something that I really loved and making it work. So, um, building something is something I haven't done it yet. I'm working on it really hard right now and it's really challenging me. Um, investing is cool because you get to meet a lot of people obviously. And you know, it's kind of one of those things I'm going to do for anything that I can't build or the boys can't build. It's, and I want to be a part of it.  following to connect the dots. So got it. And so what's the conversation been like with founders, right? As people have found out that you're starting to invest, how has that reception been and kind of what those conversations were like? Um, when I first started, it was a lot different than now. When I had no investments, it was like, um, you know, how well do you convert? Like, what can you do for us? Um, you know, and like they, they just basically, if they, if they talked to me,  Um, you know, Annie's doing a lot of cool things and, um, you know, some of our other investors we've been in, you know, they, they mentioned us all the time and, uh, it's, it's definitely changing slowly from what can you do for us to, you know, or I guess, how can you help us to what can you do for us and help like get us there? Yeah. And do you guys talk internally at the house? Like if one of you sees a deal, you'll bring it back to everyone and kind of say, Hey, look, I saw this. Like, I think it's cool. What do you guys think? Or, or each of you kind of making  definitely just a big group and we really like to bundle ourselves up and bring as much punch as we can. Uh, you mentioned Michael, Michael Gruen, uh, kind of, I don't even know what, what exactly does Michael consider his title or role to be? Right. Well, that's a good thing. We, that's a good thing to ask cause we always get really confused and battle back and forth of what we call him. Um, he started off basically as just being a mentor and he kind of wanted to be an advisor and talent X, which is, you know, him and Josh founded it. And then we started off as a mentor.  He's a prodigy. He can literally make money with the click of his fingers if he wants to. So he's doing a fantastic job and he definitely works hard. Uh, but now that we've said nice things about him, you've got to tell us what's the funniest Michael Gruen story you have. Dude, not the, it's not a story with him, but Michael one time did a Tik TOK with me, um, at our old house and it's like, don't worry about me. I'm a thug. And it's like, I actually retweeted an edit of it because my fans made an edit of it.  I love it.  Basically it digests like a lot of like what Motley Crew and all of the old, you know, like alternative and punk rock and rock bands did. And it kind of breaks down the meta of like how they, you know, built their brands and kind of created that legacy. Oh, here it is. Yeah, it's called Please Kill Me. And it's really cool. And I think it works for business even. And I like it because a lot of people think so.  I think  I don't know where the 314k number came from.  a lot more unstable. So, you know, trusting the dollar keeps going down. So it's like, what, 2% at least every year it depreciates from inflation. Yeah. So if you think of that, right, just, there's gonna be more people using it, right. And adopting it in the future than today, it's a fixed supply asset. So the just naturally supply demand economics, the price has to go up in us dollar terms over a very, very long period of time. Right. I always say very, very long period of time, because what people get, you know, kind of caught on is they buy something today.  And then you know, like a month, not even a month, like a week and a half went by and it was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And then I was like, Oh, I'm going to spend a month on this. And  I would ask where we can send people to find you on the internet, but I don't think that's going to be very hard for most people to find you. Where do you want them to go? Where should they go follow you if they're interested in all the business and finance stuff? I do want to say I just started a LinkedIn. I'm very proud of that. I never had one. So, you know, if you guys want to connect, you guys can find me on there, but just my name, obviously. And then I guess Twitter, no one else wants to see me shirtless, dancing around. So if you, I tweet about some investments, of course,  Let the dream. Thanks for, uh, thanks for letting me get on here and explain to people that, you know, I'm dumb, but just not as dumb as what they say. All right, man. We'll do it again in the future. Thanks.