 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Josh Richards here. What's going on, man? Thank you for doing this. Hey, thank you for having me, man. You're like the king of podcasts. I feel like you've got like a million podcasts and are on everyone's podcast. No. Yeah, I think that I've done about a podcast a day for the last month. That's what it feels like. All right. How the hell did you get famous on the Internet? What's your story? Yes. So it's it's kind of like a  everything I do, I have to be the best at. So for the social media, I instantly turned it into like a goal, like a bunch of goals, a bunch of numbers I had to hit. And it was like, if I don't hit 10,000 followers by the end of this summer, I'm quitting. I'm done. Didn't work out for me. So I started working really hard instantly, like hired my sister, put her on a 15% salary based commission was like treating it exactly like a business. Um, and then slowly but surely just started building myself up. Like I was focusing a lot on the live stream.  So I was going right to these fans, right? I had like the access of the customer right in front of me and they were the highest spending customers too because I actually had the leaderboard. So this way I'm reaching the most important people. I became one of the most like top paid live streamers on the app actually with only a hundred thousand followers when I was going up against these accounts with like 10 million, 12 million followers. So that's where I all started. It was, it was always treated like a business. How much money were you making when you're the top a live streamer on Musically?  game or I had this, right? And it's like, so I wasn't able to focus on my social media, but, uh, yeah, that's about what it was. Like every time I was going live, it was just the craziest thing. Okay. So how do you get from Musically to the big TikTok audience? Uh, so when Musically went completely dead, right? Like actually, even when I started, when I was 14, it was on the down, it was on the decline, right? Uh, so it was like, I, the app had lasted another year or two and now TikTok  waited 10 more minutes, got off, updated the app. And it was just the exact same thing with a different logo on it, right? And then I noticed the one difference, this crazy difference was the For You page. And I knew that had to be special because that's like this random change to the scrolling feature. Like I'm seeing all these videos of people I didn't follow. I was confused, right? And I studied it for the next two weeks. All I did was watch the videos that were coming up, see what about those videos was unique compared to others, why those ones were doing the best.  want.  My career is like, how many times have I had to pivot? Like, and it's something that I think I've done quite well. Like I just found the right times to do it. And it was actually the summer of 2019 before that was clashing with the manager at the time, like awful relationship. And I was like, I got it. I got to get out of this. I have to leave. So I left the management and I went on this tour that the manager had told me not to do. He was like, not letting me sign onto the tour.  new. And we didn't really hang out on the tour. I went on. Um, we maybe saw each other in like the meet and greet line like five times and just like, we're like quarter with each other, said what's up. Um, but then I was like, I'll just reach out to him and be like, yo, you want to hang out? I'm going to Bryce Hall's house. So I was heading over to Bryce's. I had known him kind of like not well, but just seen him at events. We were going to film content. Jayden came over and we all just like started hanging out that night. We partied that night, you know, that sway lifestyle.  Let's just move in together. Sway house talent X. Now we're here. Where'd you get the sway name from? That's actually a funny ass story. We were, I remember we were all texting each other in a group chat, like all the boys and then Michael. Um, and we were putting out a New York times press release and it was going on 12 hours and we had no name, not one name for the group. We're all looking up names in like the first thing I think someone looked up was probably like a synonym for the  I love it. I love it. Uh, when you think of kind of like your business or the business of Josh, uh, what goes into that? Like, how do you think about the products that you have, the companies, uh, how you make money? Just walk me through kind of like how you think of the things you do. Yeah. I mean, for us, we already have the customer, right? And, and we've actually talked about that a little bit before, but we have done it a complete different way than most people. Usually they build the product out, then they go acquire the customer.  us videos challenging us to shotgun against them. And it was like building this trend videos blowing up on the for you page on TikTok. And we were like, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Stop it with the free promo for Red Bull. This is getting ridiculous. Like we got to figure something out. So that's kind of where we were like, let's create our own energy drink. Stop giving the like the branding away for free and start selling our own stuff. So yeah, it was just listening to the customer. And so when you think about the things that you sell to them today, they're  I got like, I'm a part of dog for dog. Uh, they give back a bag of dog food to a shelter every time someone buys one, right? Yeah. It depends if it's either going to be a passion project or something that I'm trying to make maybe a ton of money on or I'm doing just for the sense of business. But yeah, definitely got to have a little bit of both. What happens in the house when people aren't there? Like, what are you guys doing? I think people think that you guys are like running around with your shirts off, like getting hammered, smoking weed and like, I don't know.  I mean, we're when we're all together, like we're just hanging out. Like we're just boys, right? We're regular people. A lot of times, like people are trying to film inside our house or they're trying to like get into, get into the sway house, like break into our house, which is like against a lot of crazy that people think they can just do that because we're social media influencers. But it's like, what do you expect to see? Like we're not like up to some Illuminati type shit in our house. Like we're regular people. Like we might be like playing Scrabble or like ping pong. You know what I mean? Like watching a YouTube  purposely got out first round. Um, but one of the managers, uh, Maxwell actually took the dub, won it. And then Bryce lost to Blake. So Blake seems to be the number one in the house right now, even though like, I'm pretty sure I'm undefeated against him, but I got it. All right. And then what's going on in terms of like, when you guys go outside of the house, I don't think people, especially in like the business and investing community understand enough. They know you guys have big social followings, but, uh, like if you go somewhere in  of like 2550 or whatever. But if we're in like a mall, that's different, right? Like you're in a closed space. Of course people are eat like going to be able to mob you. But if you're just walking Melrose or if you're walking on sunset, like the difference from five months ago to now is insane. Like everywhere we go, there's people that know us now. And I think that it's because a lot of the things we do are now bigger than just ourselves. Like it's not just about like me. It's not just about Bryce. It's not just  the first time I saw, I think it was either Griffin or Bryce, I can't remember, somebody tweeted and all of a sudden I saw people being like, basically like notice me, like my tweet, reply to my tweet, I mean like just crazy, I was like, what planet are these guys living on? Like literally that's what people want and then Bryce was explaining to me like literally just liking somebody's tweet, they go nuts, they'll screenshot it, they'll send it to all their friends, they'll like do all this kind of stuff. And so like, how do you think about something that's like a low friction,  orders of my fans because I'm constantly getting questions. I'm constantly being able to answer them. Actually was able to memorize some people's usernames. It's like if they came on the live a lot, like actually build like friendships with these, these fans. And that is probably like one of the most important things to do if you want a dedicated fan base or like a cult type following, right? Where they will just follow you wherever you go. They're going to like take your word on everything. And I mean, engaging is a huge heart of that. If that's like, sometimes I just  five minutes, you could probably go through in like 150 people's posts and then they're like, they've made their week. You know what I mean? Absolutely. And so when you think of like, if somebody starting out today and trying to build these large audiences, is tick tock the place to do it? Is it Triller? Is it Twitter, Instagram? Is it something I don't know about? Like where do you think people today, if they're starting should look at? Yeah. I mean, for me, when I first started, um, I was, I just used musically because it was the one  that are a little harder like YouTube or Instagram and you build from nothing else, not TikTok, not trailer, not, you build a really, really engaged platform or followers on that platform, right? Because there's something about those apps like TikTok and trailer when it's such quick content. A lot of times people just like and follow you for your one video that you posted or for your content. They don't follow and like you for you. And that's the difference between YouTube is it's a long form con it's long form content. They see really who you are. They see what  But the thing is, is knowing the difference, like being able to just look at a video and know instantly the difference between like, is this video going to go viral or is it not? Like it's not important. Anyone can do it. It takes practice and like, it takes a few years, but like, that's a real thing, right? Like there's, there's a real part of it where it's like the creators, like I think this way I was has it really well. Well, they, they've just developed like a viral eye, right? Where they can just see a video and they'll be like, I know that's going to go big on TikTok. So it doesn't take us as long at any point.  audience is you don't need to do that stuff anymore. Each other shit like you got to do that, right? That's just a part of being like the boys. Like there's never one time I don't see like Jaden, for example, he posted a song promo today. He's coming up with a new song soon. Um, better off dead. Shout out to Jaden. Um, but he, I instantly just reposted that on my story. Like it wasn't like Jaden told me to, or I felt like I needed to. It just kind of our attitude towards each other. Like I would feel less successful if Jaden  Yeah. What's that like? I mean, it's, it's kind of crazy because it definitely does make you like always think about what you're going to say, right? Like two, three years ago, I was very more just outspoken and I wouldn't have really watched what I said and I got in trouble for it a lot. I mean, like in school, I would get in trouble wherever I'd get in trouble because I just like said what was on my mind. I was just like, fuck it. But the thing is, is like,  I can't say anything. I feel like, you know, it's like really hard to just be yourself nowadays too, because like, no one lets you learn from your mistakes. No one's letting you build like, and if you look back at me six months ago, I was a, I was a shit like person compared to who I am now. Not because like, it's cause I was younger. I was 17 and I didn't really know what I was doing. Like it's, it's just kind of like that. Like people grow in this industry. They don't let them. Absolutely. Last question about content is you got the podcast BFF  doing it anymore. And people used to be able to do that all the time. That's how it was everywhere. Right. So I just, I just think that's absolutely baller. Um, and then, and by the way, you're not really doing anything if you're not pushing the line, right? If you're not trying to figure out where the lines are. Right. So yeah, no, yeah. Like I would prefer to be polarizing than just be like on everyone's good side. You know what I'm saying? Like, cause like, if everyone's just like, okay with me or they're like, yeah, that guy's cool. Like I'm not sticking out in anyone's heads.  I would just say like, I don't even know if I have one. Like it's, it's like a hard situation. Like I would say like it doesn't really bug me cause I love it for the show, but him like calling me out on the nest stuff or like the, he really just doesn't let me like sometimes slide. You know what I mean? He never lets me slide. Like, do you want him to let you slide? That's the thing. It's like, it's a love hate thing. You know, it's like sometimes I'm like, fuck you man. Like you really just,  I mean, like some of it's like public and he just like, that's the other thing is he just doesn't care. Like it's so hard to get a guy that just is like, yeah, no, that happened. You're like, okay. And, uh, like you don't know what to say. Just, he gets you every time. So it's possible. All right. Let's talk about the business and investing stuff. Uh, why are you interested in building these companies and investing in them? Yeah. I mean, like I, like I said, actually even going back to the content stuff, like ever since I started, I treated it as a business.  put like five more minutes of studying, right? Like that was just me. I was competitive everywhere. So I mean, like I did, I did the hockey business when I was like 13, I started a hockey shirt company. And then I did another one when I was like 14, just before the, the musically thing started with lacrosse. Like it was always just building and starting new projects. And I just love that. And then when I finally had the, like this tool, social media, this lightning in a bottle,  entrepreneur, like I need to fill that hole. Like that's what entrepreneurs do. Like, and that's just how my brain works. It's like, how can I fix that problem? How can I fix this problem? So when we started doing any, and then like going down the road with partnering with different companies, acquiring equity, the next big thing was like, all right, let's, let's start doing some investing. Like, why don't I put my money that I'm making into good use as well? Um, so that was like a journey we started probably three and a half  these founders and how passionate they are, but their projects getting to be a part of the future and be like me knowing like I could be investing in the next Uber or the next Airbnb, the next big tech company. Like that is the coolest feeling in the world to know that I'm going to be a part of the future. How much money did you make last year? Um, I did just ballpark. You're not telling us exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I did pretty good though. I'll just say what like the Forbes thing said, like they said,  I think like my actual income, like getting cash revenue will definitely hire probably like three or four acts actually. Why do you think that? I think that because I just know the different like series and content ideas I'm going to be rolling out next year. There's like a lot of exciting stuff that I'm just working on behind the scenes that hasn't been announced and we'll be working on for a while, but it's definitely going to be a crazy  content or whatever. I mean, I think it's a little bit of the like the last one you said where it's like kind of hedging your bets, right? I mean, you got to be smart with your money, period. Like if I had less money than I do, then there'd be different plays I'd be making, right? And if I had more, then there'd be different plays I'd be making in that sense. Like it's just like knowing what you got and being the smartest you can with it. But at the same time, it's like, I know I'm making money right now. I know that I have  companies. So, that's why. All right. When we talk about like doing the right things with your money, I think I feel like I've gotten to know you Bryce Griffin enough where like you guys actually are very smart about what you do with your money. And you're obviously investing a lot. You guys aren't doing kind of too crazy of things, but what's the dumbest thing you've ever done with your money? I think for me, it was probably buying that Polaris. That Polaris was probably the dumbest purchase I ever made because one,  It's just like, I'm not that guy. Like I'm the worst person to talk to when it comes to like bad expenses, because even that expense got paid off because it was a tax write off for content. My, the players like, it's like, I don't really do those dumb purchases anymore. I would say when I started feeling like I was making money and I had like a hundred K in the bank, um, it was right after like lights out tour probably. Um, and I was like, I didn't got my tour money yet, but I'd been making  that I spent the money on it. Like I spent $2,000 on a sweater and I haven't worn it in six months. What did your parents say the first time that you were like, like they like realized like, Oh shit, our kids like making like a good decent amount of money. Yeah, it was, um, ninth grade was like coming to an end and I was starting to like, they started to see in their PayPal, like these like 500, $600 payments coming in all the time.  like how are you making this money? And I was like, you know, like I go live, I stream and they give me like money. And he's like, is this like porn? Like so confused, right? Like my dad has no idea. Like he's hearing like a live stream donate. It's weird, right? Like, so anyway, um, I ended up like kind of like showing him the app and everything like that. But then they were instantly just like, all right, that's cool. Like heck yeah. Because they were already used to my like crazy business schemes and like ideas, right? Like I destroyed their basement already.  goal in terms of 10 or 20 years from now, what do you hope to kind of be able to say, like, here's what I've accomplished? I want to, I definitely want within the next 10 to 20 years for one of my companies to have a big exit. That's like just a goal of mine, right? To be able to sell one of my companies and kind of just be able to say like, I did that. I built a company and like, that's, that's just the coolest feeling I feel like. I would say,  Like that's what I like to do. So I would love to be known still in like this entertainment world in 10 to 20 years. If that's just in a different way, that would be cool. You know what I mean? All right. And throughout this whole thing, last question for you. Uh, well actually I got a couple of other questions, but, uh, who's the craziest, like coolest person you've met through all of this? Um, I've met some like super insane people, super crazy people, but like some of the coolest people that I've met,  He's just, he's just, he is a funny motherfucker, dude. I answer the phone with him and every time I answer the phone, I just know I'm about to laugh every single time. So what's he, what's he call you about? I mean, sometimes it's just like nothing. Sometimes like one time we chatted and he was just like saying like, yo, you can call me anytime. Like I'm here. If you, if you ever need some advice, never ever need me to ask or ask me anything. So I was just like, Oh yeah. Oh, it's just like,  Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That needs to come. Maybe, maybe I, uh, I do like a Shaq versus with him. I don't know if you ever had a series where he was like going up against pro athletes. He comes up against a pro tick talker. All right. Ask the same two questions to everybody. Uh, first is what's the most important book you've ever read? Most important book I've ever read. Um, All right. This is going to sound super dumb, but there's a, there's a reason for it, right?  I didn't like reading and that introduced me to reading in a way where I was like, it was funny and as a little kid, right? Like it doesn't feel like I'm reading comic book almost. And then after that, I instantly went to like Percy Jackson. And then after that, I started reading all the Harry Potters. And like, that was like when I was probably in like third, fourth grade. So then I just started reading and reading and reading. And now I've read like so many books since I've been in LA. I don't think I've actually picked up one. Um, so I probably got to, but, uh, yeah, I love that. It's, it's great.  Let's see. If, okay, this is a question I'm going to ask because I actually just want to know about it. So that is never like bought in crypto before because I have not at all. Like, is there any other coins out there besides like Bitcoin that I should be interested in or start looking in? Well, here's the way I think about it is if you don't own any at all, then you should start with Bitcoin.  a crew value. But it's just like, what do you want to focus on? What's your advantage? And kind of lean into that advantage. So I think that for you, it's like, look, if you own nothing, just start with Bitcoin. Right. And I'm like, you can go figure out whatever you want to do. But like, Bitcoin is kind of step one. And I think you want to be able to just get started. Right. Like, that's the hard part. Because it's what you're what, 18 years old? Yeah, 18. Yeah. So like, my brothers, I got four younger brothers, right? And like each one of them, they went a long time. They didn't have any, then they bought a little bit, then they buy a little bit more. And like,  LinkedIn now. So Josh Richards on LinkedIn. I did like, dude, I didn't even know that was still a thing until recently. And then I was like, I was told, I was like, dude, who told you, who told you to get a LinkedIn? Michael, you need a LinkedIn, Josh, everyone. And I was like, all right, I'll get, well, I'll get a LinkedIn. And so I did. So yeah, everyone go check out the LinkedIn. If, if you guys want to connect, that'd be awesome. Michael's looking out for you guys, man. I know for real without Michael, I would not have a LinkedIn. So that's.