 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a little here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Thank you so much for having me. It's been a while. We've been talking about this for what feels like a whole year. And we've got a lot that we've got a lot to talk about. Absolutely. I think our original idea was we were going to get together and order pizza from like every pizzeria in New York City and try to do it in person. But Covid had other plans. But here we are. Let's just start with the  back to New York. My uncle went back into the pizza business. Today I've got about 30 family members that own small business pizzerias as far out as Arizona and Alaska. And I personally went down the tech path. I have a computer science and a math degree and right out of school I launched the tech support business. And we were one of the pioneers in the whole onsite tech support movement around brands like Geek Squad  really relevant when I go into the slice story and why it's important. Absolutely. It sounds like you just merged your two, uh, two parts of your past for a slice. So explain kind of what was the impetus for the idea for slice. Um, it kind of had you guys get started. Yeah. So, uh, operating nerd force. One of the things we did was we were the onsite tech support, uh, department for small business, uh, for small businesses who could not afford to have a full time technology staff. And, um, as part of that mandate, we would manage websites for,  to power the technology for this one vertical. I just didn't know how big the opportunity was. So, study the industry and I was blown away by a couple of things. One, the industry is just massive. It's a $47 billion industry. This is the pizza industry in the US. That doesn't include DiGiorno. It doesn't include pizza sold at 7-11. That's revenue that passes through about 77,000 pizza restaurants in the US.  And so the way it's broken down is about 43,000 are independent out of the 77. You have another 12,000 that are small chains that have similar needs. And then you've got about 20 to 22,000 locations that are what I call big pizza. And so the moment I learned that was the moment that I realized that we can actually create what I call a reverse franchise model. And what that is, is how do we unite locations? And then we can actually create a new franchise model.  associated with anything you guys do and immediately they compare you to seamless grub hub, you know, named or dash name your kind of food delivery service. I think that you and I both look at the business very, very differently. It's much more of kind of a Shopify type, you know, arming the rebels with a suite of products and a platform. Talk through the difference between those two models, like just being a food delivery versus being more of like Shopify for small business pizzerias and kind of why you chose the latter.  They have two options. They can go and buy a Domino's location, invest over a million dollars, and they get economies of scale. They get an own brand, technology, and all of these investments that the corporate office provides. However, they've got to completely give up their creative freedom. It is not their location, it's a Domino's location. Thousands of entrepreneurs went and launched 42,000 independent  and empowering them first with technology, and we'll get into why that's important, two, with a brand that champions their authenticity, and three economies of scale. And so how do we come together to realize things like buying power, leveraging data to make better decisions, and so on and so forth. Now, I think that's a much more important model because our goal isn't to simply utilize small business in order  So, so real quick, before you go into that, let's talk about Domino's specific because I don't think people outside of maybe technology and investing really understand the Domino's story. And we'll talk about my affinity or non affinity for Domino's in a little bit. But in terms of kind of that technology story, I think Starbucks kind of is similar, but Domino's is pizza, obviously. Walk us through what did they do over the last five, seven, eight years that has led to the success of Domino's?  And so what Domino's has done is realized that in a digital customer, and in fact, now I have the data, is worth four times more than an offline customer and an offline customer to think someone who's calling in to place the order. Okay. Why is that important? And why, why is that value there? An online customer is ordering on average, um, 30% more food each time they order.  And then they hung up or nobody answered. And 75% of all phone calls are orders. So, I mean, that's a huge chunk of revenue being left off the table for anyone who's a phone based business. So once Domino's learned these things, they decided that they're going to be all about digital and they have gone from in 2010, I believe there were about 5% of their volume was digital. Fast forward to today.  in a category that is very value-centric. Yes, you and I can debate the best pizza in New York, but for most of the country, household income is about $48,000 a year. Pizza is their night out in. That's the way they feed their family. And Domino's is a very affordable option. Compare that to small businesses who have now flocked to the DoorDash and UberEats and GrubHubs of the world in order to solve for this digital gap  And so on this, there's a whole bunch of very intuitive things. So if everyone's calling and they're not getting through and you give them an online portal, you can get a lot of information about the product. And so, you know, I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing.  that maybe is counterintuitive, like the level of information that is available even after you've placed the order is important, or is that just, I'm talking to some weird friends and actually doesn't resonate as much? No, it's definitely really important. And look, I would say we're a little bit behind in this area and we're investing heavily to make sure that we create the tracker version for local. And you'll see that from slice in the early parts of 2021. So I'm excited by that. I think the reason why that's super important for Domino's and it has been a massive online  So sporting events, the Oscars, I don't know, the Bachelorette premiere. And so the tracker has become really, really important because it gives the consumer trust about, you know, whatever the product is because it's a last minute decision. Got it. And so let's talk about slice in terms of you saw all of this playing out over the last decade or so. What are the parts of the Domino's kind of technology story  So Domino's launched something they call Pulse. Pulse is their operating system inside the stores and also connected with their centralized call centers and their operating team. And so the moment that they plugged in the same and consistent point of sale solution across all of their locations, they can now build on top of that network-wide consumer-facing initiatives. So think Domino's rewards.  the consumer with a consistent experience regardless of which local pizza shop they buy from. Now, the end product is going to be authentic and unique and different and we can still debate who's got the best pizza but I no longer have to have anxiety about what experience I'm going to get if I'm ordering from Joe's or John's of Bleecker or any other pizzeria. And so I would say that's just a massive  It would be a pretty sad world if the only pizza we ever had was Domino's with all the respect. So, you know, a good analogy for me is Airbnb in terms of what they've done with the hospitality industry. They celebrate the unique aspect of all of the hosts, but the experience is pretty consistent. So I would say that's another model that I look up to. But again, the area we're not going to touch is the end product, the food. Got it. Talk to me about it.  Now these locations are at a different part in the journey, because we think of this as a journey that we have to guide them towards in order to realize that full vision. The reality is that small businesses have no reason to trust us from day one. So we've got a network of 14,000 locations. Some are just listed on our marketplace where they're getting order volume and sort of that light version of technology. And then some are now graduating to what we call direct,  really operate within our principles and it accelerates their performance both online and then ultimately offline. So those are the three buckets. We just crossed a billion dollars in GMV. That's top line volume in a lifetime volume. And that's that's a good 10 years. And in 2021, we'll do over a billion dollars alone. And so our growth rate has really accelerated. Part of that has to do with with covid.  very prominently in the experience, but it's going to live side by side with the local brand. And I'm assuming that you would never go start slice locations or is that in the cards as well? No, we would never start slice locations where we own the location outright and it's like sliced branded. No. But what we are doing is helping entrepreneurs launch their own business. I fundamentally believe that post COVID we're going to see one of the greatest renaissance  operators who have always aspired to launch multiple shops. So I'll give you an example. One of our best partners is Billy's Pizzeria in Crown Heights, Brooklyn. They would love to have a second location. We're gonna help them realize that vision. And what does that exactly entail in terms of somebody who's already in business, they've got one location, they say, hey, we wanna start a second. How do you help them? We're gonna come in with a full program where if they have no access to capital, we'll provide that.  experience and off we go. And we have so much confidence that with that kind of a collaboration, that the pizzeria is going to be set up for success from day one. And we've got all the data to be able to be selective about where the location can be and how to drive consumer adoption to these small businesses.  I don't believe in ghost kitchens for this space is because there is already enough kitchens. In fact, every single month we see about 100 to 200 locations just going out of business on Slice. And these are already built kitchens that somebody can access. There's also again, 42,000 independent kitchens, pizzeria kitchens in the US. I wouldn't say kitchen capacity is the issue.  the argument. Oh, your business can't sustain the 30% take rate. Cool. How about you open a ghost kitchen so that you don't have to spend as much on real estate and therefore you can afford 30% take rate. Where the third party is not giving anything and the local entrepreneur is giving up everything. In fact, they're just in essence at that point buying a job. And so I believe that the value that's being left off the table  Now again, it may make sense for some big restaurant brand that just wants to be picked up in delivery first and wants to test out a new territory by all means. But if you're in the pizzeria business and you're going into the ghost kitchen, you know, sort of side of the industry, I believe you're leaving way too much value on the table and you're selling yourself short. Got it. And so obviously a lot of these operators  not thriving, not, you know, going to make enough money this year to go on vacation. Just literally how are they venting the fact that they could possibly shut down? Man, it's a, well, look, most, most are not. Um, uh, when I look at outside of the pizza space, even within our network, we've got a bunch of partners who aren't your traditional pizzeria. They're more of a restaurant. I mean, it's, it's impossible. It's impossible to survive. Um, what I'm seeing  I've seen them set up obviously outdoor spots for sit down, but it's bleak. It's bleak because the suddenness of decisions that are being made by government and city officials is really, really short-sighted and lacks empathy. And I think it lacks knowledge of what it takes to even  no different than opening fully. And so to do that and then only go back and say, okay, now you have to close. Well, what happens to, and by the way, not even giving some leeway, not even giving a warning, just kind of like five days before saying, okay, you're closed. What happens to all the inventory that they bought? What about all the staff that they hired with the promise that things are only going to get better? What about rent?  participate in what I'll call like outdoor dining only. Right. Many of these places were kind of walk in pickup or delivery. And so was that a positive or a negative aspect? Because many restaurants, they felt, hey, at least we can get some revenue in the door. We can serve people outside, especially when it's a little bit warmer. Since pizzerias didn't have that, was it maybe the business was unchanged because they were doing, you know, OK with the delivery and pickup or how did that kind of play out? Yeah, I would say the demand and pickup and delivery definitely  And then also much higher AOVs. So by AOV, I mean average order of volume. I have to remember I'm not speaking internally. And so as consumers shifted to digital, they ordered a lot more food. And then they also ordered a lot more for pickup and curbside. And it was interesting, a lot of consumers chose pickup in some ways as an excuse to just leave the house for food.  I know that I can get orders online. I know I can get delivery and they kind of are sitting around saying I need to improve at this. And so slice slice becomes a great option. It's kind of like people sitting at home and all of a sudden, you know, restoring homes and improving homes exploded because everyone was just looking around and like, Oh, I need to fix that door. I need to paint that wall. It feels like maybe in this situation, restaurants had to go from digital kind of being a secondary thought to like digital as the default. And that probably served as a tailwind for you guys. Exactly. Absolutely.  now, my good friend Chris, who's the CEO there, they do more of online ordering tools for all restaurants. And they've seen a very similar breakout in terms of adoption from restaurants. So it's not limited to pizza. This is across the board. The sense of urgency for digital is massive. Now, I will say for some restaurants, unfortunately, it's a false promise because digital isn't  All right. I asked a bunch of people for questions for you and they did not disappoint. So I'm going to rattle some of these off and hire back with that with what you got. What is the biggest order that you guys have ever seen on slice? Oh man. Um, I think there was one that was like $12,000. Uh, it was, it was, I would have to go back and check, but I'm pretty sure it was in that vicinity. It was a $12,000 order. Um, and it was just like hundreds of pies.  So putting the responsibility of success on Slice as well. By that I mean, it's a win-win model. It's a per order fee. And what that does is, incentivizes us to continue to drive more volume. And it's a flat fee because it passes the upside of digital to the merchant. And so because we know that online orders go from, you know, from a telephone of $20 orders to an online order that is on Slice,  I hope it's one of our board members. Now, I would say aside from Jeff Richards who plays his orders for his family, he's got four kids, the most frequent board member in terms of users. I think the last time I checked is there was a person in Boston who has ordered a large pie and chicken fingers every single day for the last four years. I mean, every day. I'm not even making that up.  line, but yeah, you've got, look, we're in a business where it's a highly repetitive, highly frequent category. I mean, 94% of Americans have pizza once a month and it's usually a habit. It's usually like once a week. And so you see that in the usage. But yeah. I love it. Probably the most popular question you get is where's the best pizza? Don't pick one.  that you know that yourself. Which one is your favorite? My favorite is pizzeria G of A, which is right, right by here on Staten Island. It's incredible. Think crust. It's one of the best pizzas you'll, you'll ever have. Um, I also love Lee's Tavern, which is nearby. It's an institution on Staten Island. It's like a bar pie. So there's, there's some really good, really good pizza on Staten Island. Are you throwing pineapples on there? You know, not, not for me.  Who's your customer? So you've got obviously people who are ordering and kind of using the slice technology, but you also have the pizzerias. And so how do you guys think about who the customer is? The consumers are customer, but we are merchant centric. And I know that sounds very schizophrenic, but it's, it's real. Our job and our mandate is to empower small business pizza shops to serve consumers in a way that is rewarding, easy, accessible,  consumer experience, even if like a pizza shop is paying too much for flour, well, that's being reflected in the price of the pie. And so we want to reduce the cost of flour. But like, whether the chef is wearing a blue apron or a red apron, like that doesn't impact consumer experience. And that's those are not problems we think about. But we're a consumer, we're a consumer business. Got it. How important is the water?  And so as a result, regionally, I would say the Northeast has the best pizza, but you have great pizza in Connecticut, you have great pizza in Vermont, you have great pizza in New Jersey. So it's clearly not the New York water. And now you're starting to see some great pizza in like New York transplant locations like South Florida, Phoenix, Arizona, a little bit now in LA, but really the reason why a lot of  Yugoslavian, Yugoslavian, how do you think of yourself? And now I basically ask people, how do they think of themselves? Because I realize that sometimes the truth and what they identify with is completely different. But which direction do you go? You're welcome to the Balkans. So I'm Albanian. So my name, Ilir, is probably the most Albanian name anyone will ever read. It's like, if your name is Vito, you're Italian. There's no question.  Albanian. Look at your name. So that makes sense. Exactly. One of the questions was what's the most Albanian thing about you? So you can't use your name, but what is the next most Albanian thing about you? It's my name. And the fact that I'm in the pizza industry, I think it's a really, maybe for some people it's a known fact, but Albanians are incredibly well represented in the pizza industry. And so aside from my name, the fact that I'm in the pizza industry is makes me incredibly  your father was in the pizza business, literally your entire family, it seems like it's a kind of talk through a little bit about like building a technology company in a space that has such a material impact on your extended family and kind of the lineage that you come from. Yeah, look, it's it's all of the above. I would say it's a blessing and a curse. It's a blessing for all the reasons you just mentioned. Industry knowledge, the ability to work really closely with these operators, because their family  because of the relationships that I have with family members that own P3S. I would say also difficult. So when something breaks or when something goes wrong, they also don't hold back. They'll show up to my office when our office was open randomly. They'll come into the office and it's time to spend, now you've got to spend some time with them. They will be the first to be critical. They'll be the first to celebrate the successes.  over $600,000 to feed frontline workers with free pizza. But then that was in the form of fully priced orders placed for small businesses, small business pizzerias in the dead middle of pandemic. So just really inspired is, and that passion and that mission first culture that we have at Slice is derived from these operators, ultimately family members.  the company with a very small team, zero pennies raised. In 2015, we did 40 million in sales, 4 million in net revenue, and 3 million in profit. And I was running the business from different pizza