 All right, guys, bang, bang. I'm super excited for this episode. I've got Chamira here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. My pleasure, man. Very happy to be here. Absolutely. You obviously have an accent. You're living in Australia right now. Let's go back, though, before we get to all the fun stuff. Who are you? Where did you grow up? And kind of what's your background before you get to Amnesty International? Yeah, absolutely, man. So, yeah, as you said, definitely.  in recruitment. I did that for many years and was a little bit unfulfilled towards the end and I was looking for a way to connect my sort of passions and areas of interest and skills. And it led me to Amnesty International, which was obviously a huge international organization working on all the causes that I care about, some in particular, I would say. And it led me to where I am today. What is Amnesty International for this? I don't know.  about just over 10 million supporters around the world and has grown in influence with governments, with people, speaking up for people who don't who can't amplify their concerns or have been mistreated around the world. They generally look to amnesty as a bit of an independent pillar to to stand up for human rights and protect them. One of the cases that you've been involved in is the Julian Assange kind of story. And this goes back many years  why it's important, particularly a week out from what I would say is one of the biggest trials and verdicts of our time. In terms of his backstory, Julian is a publisher. Julian is journalist. He basically performed activities that many journalists perform today and have for a very long time, which is receiving information from different sources and then publishing it on a platform which he created, which I believe started in about 2006 called WikiLeaks, which many  but certainly there can be vested interests, there can be inherent bias, there can be slants put in the reporting of information. And once again, information is the grounding for which we all make our judgments on the world, how we think, how we vote ultimately. So for that to be as transparent and clear as possible, the more raw the information, the better. Obviously keeping in line with national security,  become a known quantity on an international stage. There's a lot of sensitive information. Some would argue confidential. Some would argue is important for the public light and kind of a public conversation. What is the type of content? Like are there specific examples that stick out into your head that were kind of milestone type publishing or leaks that WikiLeaks posted so people can get a sense of what that content is? Absolutely. I think the ones that stood out the most and the ones that are referred to the most  the world. A lot of people suspect this takes place in wars and you know it is a war and no one gets to really see the details unless you're on the ground and I think we're kind of covered here in the in the west and I think that for many people was that was the sort of anchor for well you know that's good to know. I didn't know this was being performed in our names as the public. The Guantanamo Bay prisoner files as well as to how they were being treated  that we place a lot of trust in and made it a lot clearer as to how they act on a regular basis. And that's really important for us again to make our mind up, to be informed citizens and know what world we're operating and sort of playing in. Yeah. Yeah. And I think part of it was like one half of the population was surprised by all of this and frankly shocked. And then another half had just confirmed what their greatest fears or kind of the conspiracy  There's a lot of nuance. There's a lot of legal precedent that shapes that view in the United States. How do we get from the publication of confidential or sensitive information via WikiLeaks in a journalistic type perspective to him sitting behind bars today? What is that path? And maybe talk through a little bit in terms of Julian's perspective and then those who might disagree with his perspective.  to in terms of an online hearing. It was like one of the first extradition processes that he had to go through. Charges were dropped and the case was dropped. It was reopened in future, I think many years later due to some encouragement. But during that time, he felt that there was a concerted effort to get him to the US that ultimately, based on his actions and publications,  that would look like wasn't clear, but that was the general suspicion. So he was actually treated as an asylum seeker, which is not the term you'd normally think of with this instance, but there were many countries that felt that he was being chased after, you know, and for the wrong reasons, and that it was unjust. And so a number of countries around the world offered him asylum or refuge, and Ecuador being one of them. So whilst being in London, the Ecuador  to kind of narrow it down. So he spent a lot of time there. He was still performing WikiLeaks actions whilst in the embassy. And from the US and UK perspective, I can imagine that would be, particularly when he would be revealing actions that they were purporting. I can imagine they wouldn't be too happy and would still be trying to get him to, let's say, face the music based on their own terms, whether it was right or wrong. And as an international community, as a human rights organization with amnesty,  which is literally given up, I would say, by the Ecuadorian embassy and then physically dragged out and taken to Belmarsh prison in London. Before we continue, I want to clarify a couple of things. So Julian Assange is in London, feels like kind of the walls are closing in around him. He is likely to continue to face legal obstacles, potentially arrests.  Talk through and so what he ultimately does is he literally walks into the Ecuadorian embassy in London and stays there for years and kind of has this refuge. Talk through what does asylum mean? Like when somebody is looking for asylum, just at a high level for those that don't understand it. When he walks into that door, why is he safe even though he is technically in the city of London, but he is now in an Ecuadorian building and how that works? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, in terms of asylum,  from governments based on actions he performed they believed weren't illegal whatsoever. And this also kind of fell into the narrative of Assange being a hacker, which was a part of the trial that he's facing at the moment where there has been no proof whatsoever that that's the case. And again, it's another word that you can slap onto someone as a label and it just kind of sticks. And then there's no second thought. But yeah, so without him being a hacker,  because they were staunch, staunch advocates of him being protected. And I believe there was a change in government in Ecuador. I believe Carrera, I think, was the initial leader that granted him asylum. And as there was a change in future, there was also a bit of a change of tone towards the end of that. So coming up to last year where there are a number of reports of Asanda's activities taking place in the embassy itself.  that's it, you know, we're not going to continue this. That was considered recently and taken into account, which was good, but again, shouldn't have happened. So it was quite an interesting space going on there. There was reports of bugging, plenty of evidence, even whistleblowers that work there said that there was a lot of things going on that just wasn't appropriate. So it was quite an interesting time towards the end. And then he was given up to London who took him into. So while he's got the kind of the asylum, he's there, he's protected from  honest, but it's more of like an international consensus and agreement. So, you know, there are there are conventions, the refugee convention, for example, the rights of child, like there are a variety that countries subscribe to, you know, and they have to sort of stick to it. But there has been instances of countries that just kind of scared around at different times to suit their own agendas. In this instance, it would be that I think it would be just far too blatant to come in storming. As I mentioned, it's been a very  international human rights standards. So that, yeah, I think, like I said, they pick and choose the case to kind of scatter out. And so at some point, Julian Assange is doing whatever he's doing inside of the building. Again, there's a bunch of debate, good, bad, indifferent than the Ecuadorian government. There's this change of power. But we eventually get to the point where Ecuador now says, you know what, you no longer are going to have this asylum. And my understanding,  for further hearings and then put into Belmarsh. And just to clarify, Belmarsh is one of the worst prisons in England. Anyone you talk to says, you know, it's, it's extremely rough. And the fact that someone assigned and the actions he's performed is in Belmarsh is just so outlandish and ridiculous that it's a statement in itself. So yeah. And when he gets arrested and I'm gonna put that in the air quotes, cause I don't know if that's  conspiring to hack information. So, for example, Chelsea Manning was it was obviously many people would know was a whistleblower that passed on from the inside many documents, which WikiLeaks then published again, an action that New York Times, you know, many other papers would do. But to get him on that sort of technicality was did he conspire to hack this information? Did he conspire to say, look, I will help you hack this. I will illegally ascertain this information. And again, from the  to fruition. And to add on to that was whether anyone was harmed from his releases. So did anyone get physically harmed from their names being revealed in any publications, which also ties into the questioning from a lot of people about how he isn't a journalist because he didn't retract names. We've seen more than enough evidence. I think a week ago, there was an hour long chat between him and the government saying, look, I've just been up till four  and let's say the New York Times, Washington Post, organizations that people consider mainstream media that conduct journalism. And most people would think that if there is confidential or sensitive information that they got their hands on, they would publish and they would tell the stories and kind of hold people of power, influence, or organizations accountable. What is the difference between Assange and any of those organizations? Well, it's a really good question. And this is probably  country. And he's just like a middleman, really, is revealing information for people to consume. There actually isn't any difference, to be honest. And I think there are certainly journalists that think that, you know, the way he went about publishing information didn't make him a journalist. And now we're getting into the technicalities of an industry where certain players might think one thing culturally, the others might think, nah, that's a good culture, that's a bad culture. So top line overall, like there wasn't any dispute.  I completely acknowledge it's an extremely complicated case. It's not black and white. Like many things aren't black and white. There's a lot of space in the gray that has to be unpacked to truly understand. So I think with this instance, there's enough evidence to say he absolutely is a journalist. The same as many different publications and the manner in which he went about it could be the slight difference, which for me is a cultural thing of an industry. Would there have been a difference if let's say Julian Assange  And ultimately the arrest by simply just saying, Hey, I built a website and anyone can use it, but I don't actually say publish this pub, you know, don't publish that. Yeah, that's a good question. As far as I'm aware, I mean, I understand. I mean, WikiLeaks is a website and you know, they, they also were one of the first to have a Dropbox that whistle blowers or anyone could just put information into this. So if you didn't feel comfortable passing this on to other organizations or other parties, you could literally put it into the Dropbox.  the time, I suppose, which is we've got this big chunk of data, this big chunk of information. We're going to put it out there and you can sift through it in your own time. So, you know, and that's probably where that, like I mentioned before, that sort of conversation of, oh, is that a journalistic practice? But once again, to be honest, I was way more informed and many people were informed reading it directly rather than reading someone's interpretation. So I think it was quite similar to be honest. Yeah. And to be clear, normally if somebody had taken  like is actually just revealing the source materials, a better journalistic practice. Cause now it allows the reader to make up their own mind after reading the content rather than having to rely on the journalist or the organization to be that filter that basically tells the story and can use data or information to weave into a story to craft a narrative versus just seeing the actual information for yourself. Right. Yeah, correct. And look, I think, um, you know, again, there's that, there's that nuance and the gray, uh,  piece, like everything, pros and cons. But when it comes to certain types of information, that source material, when it's uncompromised and it's just, again, straight from the horse's mouth, iFill makes you more informed. And there are some issues that probably shouldn't really be, you know, shouldn't really go through that filter because they're the issues that are really important for you to know before you vote or make your mind up about the world around you. And yeah, so I think that, you know, there's it takes many  And then what is kind of the positive perspective of where we go from here? Yeah, sure. So yeah, as you mentioned, um, so it is an extradition, extradition hearings. There's a treaty between the U S and the UK. And, um, it basically says, you know, if the U S requests to extradite someone to the U S for whatever grounds, um, that's fine. Cause it has to go through a core process. However, the caveat is that if they're, if they believe there's a political, there's inherently a political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, uh, political, political, uh, political, uh, political, political, uh, political, political, uh, political, political, uh, political, political, uh, political, political, uh, political, political, uh, political, political, uh, political, political, political, uh, political, political, political, uh, political, political, political, uh, political, political, political, political, political, political,  So where we're at now is a massive crossroads. Where we're at is a week out from the 4th of January, which is the verdict of this trial, which has been going since February. Now, I'll just unpack this a little bit. So a week out, the options on the table are with Trump's last term, last time in play now, he could pardon him. And a lot of people are calling for a pardon. That's one way to release  in Belmarsh, aside from not being given warm clothes in the freezing cold in London. And I think a lot of people can see that his treatment in there is really bad. He's got a lung condition. So with everything going on with COVID, I know that the risks were even higher and there wasn't any special treatment or anything like that to acknowledge that. So he's in a pretty dire situation. All the people I've spoken to that have seen him, spoken to him have said, mate, this is dire. There's not that much time left to be framed.  huge. It's a really tough one. Trump's, you know, here it's a shot in the dark. It's really hard to know when it comes to, you know, Biden, let's say that he is extradited on the fourth. That's the verdict. I've been told that this could be a long, lengthy process for 12 to 18 months afterwards if it's if there's an appeal. And so a lot of people don't think he'll last that long, you know, and then if the charges were to be dropped by Biden in  And I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that  I've seen a New York Times journalist apologize for statements he's made about him. This is crucial, they said. We know where this stands. Larry Sanger, the co-founder of Wikipedia, who I've been speaking to a really good guy, and he was very gracious in saying, look, I made comments in 2011. I changed my mind this week. This is so important for everyone. And I think that's what I'm trying to convey more than anything, is that these are the options on the table. This is why it's important. And we really need to speak up and make our voices heard now because that  But is there a world where an outgoing Trump basically says, you know what, this is a way to make a statement and I'm going to not just pardon Assange, I'm actually going to pardon Assange and Snowden and maybe others and kind of, you know, make that a pushback when it comes to freedom of the press and the way that both of those individuals have been treated. Is that something that's part of the conversation or is it really just, hey, Assange is the one that's likely to  as to what kind of a president they were and probably help out a few mates, I would imagine. So with all of that in mind, I think Obama did pardon Chelsea Manning and that was a big one. So I actually think, and I certainly don't want to make predictions on this one, but I think that one of them might be. And I think that it would fall short of Trump's values that he puts forward about freedom of speech.  you would do it. So yeah, tough to say, but I've got a feeling. Let's see. All we can do is prepare for every outcome and every contingency, right? And give it a crack. Yeah. I tend to think that there's nothing more real than here's the source material, right? Read it for yourself and make your own decision. What can people at home do? So it's about a week out until this decision gets made. And yes, there may be appeals depending on how it goes. There's pardons, you know, there's some kind of these external factors, but  maybe in some ways it still is. But I think that I've seen Assange trending on Twitter every single day by like one or two days here and there for the last two weeks and scattered throughout the year. So I think it does have impact. I think that Twitter is actually a small sample size of public sentiment. But I think that it's an important one that politicians are aware of and do respond to not all the time, but sometimes when it's important to respond to because of how it relates to the party or the party.  all walks of life once again to show support on Twitter and online. And it does have an impact because it's snowballs. And that's a big word I like to use with Amnesties. You can watch a campaign start from like a concept and then watch it slowly snowball, gather steam. And this is why, you know, campaigning and international movements are so important because they can do that because you have mass numbers and you don't ever think that your voice isn't important. I'll tell you right now, when I started campaigning,  be afraid of conversations that might be uncomfortable. That's where most growth and progress happens when you have uncomfortable conversations. Right. And with Assange, that's again, one that I've seen people don't want to touch it. And then once they start learning a bit more about it, they go, OK, you know what? Why not? I'm more informed. And this is a big area of passion as well, because information, if it's the wrong information and then you spread it, talking about viruses, you spread it, that goes to that person with that person, that person, all of a sudden, everyone's thinks  We got 400,000 signatures. We handed it over to the US Embassy in Sydney. And it was one of the largest Australian petitions ever signed by Amnesty and have had a lot of allies on board supporting us that you wouldn't expect. So I think that can continue to grow and just speak up online. I'm sure people have machine learning algorithms detecting how often certain keywords are put up online and, OK, public sentiment saying this, maybe we should respond to it. That's the tech side kind of  What are your thoughts on that stuff? Yeah, absolutely. I'm working on an app actually called Thinkers, and this is actually in line with what I've just spoken about when it comes to quality information. We are at a point in our history where there is an abundance of information online. There's no question about that. And that has been one of the biggest talking points of the year is fake news, misinformation, these buzzwords thrown around. Myself and a team of people  So we built through, funnily enough, AI and machine learning, an algorithm that detects the keywords in every article that you read.