 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got George here. Super excited to have this conversation. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. You're welcome. It's really exciting to be on the pump show. For sure. Let's just start with your background. You're obviously doing a bunch of really interesting and incredible things today in the psychedelic space. But let's first start just kind of where did you grow up and how did you start in your business career?  the way I was sort of interested in a combination of technology, which was just getting started then. This was really early days of computers. So I was really intrigued and doing computer programming and so forth. So it was a bit of a geek as a teenager. Um, and one of the things I found actually really interesting was some of the work that was being done in psychedelics at that time, uh, this is late sixties, early seventies with cancer patients. And obviously that's a theme that's continued. Um,  point me more toward business away from academia, away from research. And my first company was something called the human interface group, which was in 85. I created it. And it was really to help people who were going through large scale technology change with influx of computer grade manufacturing. This was really going on in the mid eighties. Um, I was really interested in the human side. How do jobs change? How do people change, et cetera? And that really started a long career that focused on different aspects of collaboration.  collaboration there because this was right around the top of time of the major scandal. Some of your folks may have heard of Enron and so forth, but this is when public trust in large companies started to go away and for very good reason. And I became really interested in what is the role of the regulator and how does he actually, that function of regulation affect society. And I created a bit of a wonky business called Tapestry Networks, which really was to bring  effectively and how do we work with regulators to make sure that we discharge duties appropriately. Then lastly, that took me down the stream to do some work in healthcare and similar issues, similar regulated industry, looking at how do we get the right medicines to the right patients at the right time? And here's a really important bit at a cost society can afford, right? So not only do we have to worry about safety and efficacy, but the really big thing  and usually with a real focus on improving the quality of people's lives. I love that life mission. Uh, one of the things that, um, has come to the forefront, especially during this pandemic where governments have forced people to sit inside is mental health. And obviously it's much easier to kind of measure the people who get sick, the people who die. Um, but there's definitely a rise in mental health issues, uh, depression. Um, and it feels like it's a,  I think first and foremost, we're a mental health care company. You mentioned psychedelics, but I think we just see that as a really interesting, important tool that has a long history, a lot of learning to be built upon, but we have an opportunity now to look at it as a tool to really improve and transform mental health. And why is that important specifically today? Well, as you mentioned,  five, one and six people will experience that sometime in their life. And, you know, we've been really making good progress in the late eighties around some new treatments, kind of the traditional antidepressants for that. But when you look at it hard, you see that about 30% of people aren't helped by traditional antidepressants. When you use that as a multiplier on that over 300 million, you quickly get to over a hundred million suffering with  have a huge opportunity with that many people who are suffering and perhaps suffering unnecessarily. And so COVID actually, I think the intersection of COVID and the intersection of a demographic, I think is changing things. And the demographic are people who are part of the first medicated generation with psych meds. And this started in the late nineties with children on both sides of the Atlantic, which in areas that we  there are these little squares on screens and calling that contact and relationships. So I think we're seeing a confluence of things in terms of reduction of stigma broadly around mental health, reduction of stigma around people are looking at these new substances like psychedelics as a possible approach we could take. At least we need to look at it and a reduct, you know, kind of this huge unmet need that's bubbling up all around us. So I think it's the right time to have  and corporate governance and how to have effective governance. And so that was going on. I had the wonderful event in my life of meeting someone amazing who I got married to, Katja, my wife, my co-founder, a doctor, someone who is just incredibly committed to making a difference for patients. That's been her life work. And someone who also had a research background and she brought her  And so that started a journey to help him and he just became worse and worse with all the medicines He was in that 30% that aren't helped and You know with combinations of things it just turned into trial and error where there's more error And and it just didn't work and that led Cacio and her sleepless nights as a mom to start doing research It led her to become board certified and integrative and holistic medicine She was an internist so it helped her understand  as we do, try to meet the people who are doing the work, incredibly brave, thoughtful researchers working at the leading edge of looking at these substances, which have been, you know, just really vilified and not looked at. So they took a lot of personal risk, you know, teams like Johns Hopkins, Bullet Griffiths, Mack Johnson, Steve Ross, his team up at NYU, Robin Card Harris, David Knott at Imperial, Franz Vollenbeer, Charlie Groves,  that we're done to the highest standards globally because it's a global problem. It's not a US problem, but it is a US problem, but it is a global problem too. And so, you know, if we had promise, why not try to do this at that scale going back to my earliest days that I referred to, which is one-to-one is beautiful work. Scaling is where you can create opportunities for lots of that one-to-one. So that's kind of our focus. And that took us into kind of a thought experiment  Understandings that we do have and some of the understandings that we don't have as an industry and how you view this is this just a medicinal type Activity is this something that you think will eventually become recreational and how you see, you know really using this on the front of mental health You know given that you're building one of the leading companies in the space like just how do you view? psychedelics in general before we get into some of the specific things you guys are doing  participate in their life and worse from there. There's a large gray area in that, that we don't really fully understand what the boundaries are. When you develop a medicine, it's always working in the area of the greatest unmet need first, because that's where we know that whatever risk of treatment there is, even if there's benefit, the benefit, a small benefit for someone who's really suffering is really a good thing.  statistical manual and there's hundreds of pages describing everything about mental illness. It's much harder to find a book on mental health. And so we have this really well-defined territory and that's really where the medical area is focused. And the reason we're focused in our area is we didn't try to be clairvoyant. As I said, you know, one of the problems that pharmaceutical companies have had in the past is they develop things and then they try to convince people that  And that's a weird title, treatment resistant depression, right? It's a weird construct because the depression isn't resisting and the patients that we've met who've suffered with this aren't resisting. It's really a convenient way to say, we don't know what to do right now to help you. And the traditional medicines don't work, so we'll try a bunch of things. And yes, the treatment seems not to be working.  work is looking at depression as an issue of cognition, the way we think, not the way we feel. The feeling kind of is a cascade, but the way we think, the scientists often talk about what's called negative attentional bias. You can think of negative attentional bias as people who wear a different colored glass than rose colored. People who tend to see things in a negative fashion, they tend to expect the worst, not the best.  focused you become, the less engaged you are with your life, maybe the less fun you are to hang out with. All of these things contribute to kind of a falling in and on ourselves and our thoughts. And I think that one of the things that's really important is that psilocybin, and based on some very recent research in the last 10 years that we just didn't understand before, we didn't know before, that the last 10 years, there's actually a circuit of activity in our brain  over things, it applies and it's a characteristic of a number of things broadly and kind of the mental illness area of depression, anxiety, OCD, eating disorders where people have these very kind of well-worn routines of thinking. And the suicide and seems to help reset those. And so when we talk about this therapy, walk me through how exactly it works.  the actual therapy works. Sure. And I'll be very clear right now. You can't do any of those things because this is in legal, at least because this is now in clinical trials. So maybe what I'll do is talk about how our clinical trials work because that's real and happening today. And we'll give you a view into that in the real world. So the first thing we have to do, because a lot of clinical trials are difficult to assess because they have lots of different types of patients.  So how do you do it for the next person? How do you know who helps and who is it? Doesn't help. So first thing makes you have the right patient. And in our case, it's two to four prior failures in an antidepressant. And you still have a high level, a medium to high level of depression. So you're still suffering. That is measured by questionnaires and interviews. And if you have all that and you don't have a prior history of schizophrenia, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you have all that, you still have a high level of depression. And if you  are thought to counteract the effects of psilocybin. So the first thing we have to do is what's called a therapeutic washout. And that takes a couple of weeks. It's done under the supervision of a psychiatrist. And we do that in our studies and that's going to happen in the real world. And it's a couple of weeks. Most people can do it without a lot of difficulty. Some people suffer flu like symptoms and some people actually get worsening depression. And about the same number of people, according to prior studies, actually aren't depressed anymore when they stop their medication.  We all have our stories. Sometimes those stories no longer serve us. And so we try to understand a bit in the therapy about what the narrative is, what's the quality of that narrative for the person and start disconnecting them from the narrative. It's to help them when they feel anxiety, it's to pay attention to where the anxiety feels in their body, not the story about when the anxiety first happened and all that, but just pay attention to the thought or the feeling, not the thought, disconnect them.  greater proportion of people who've had these experiences. But if we're making this as a medicine to the whole world, we have to really make sure that it reflects the real world. And that's about no more than 10% of people. So we go through all this preparation. Then the day of the actual session, they come in in the morning, they're instructed to eat a light breakfast. And they come into a pretty chilled out environment. You know, it's a couch or a bed, it's soft lighting.  I said, what's the dose? Right. And what's, so you got to do that, right? This is sort of basic, basic stuff. Um, so we're doing that. And so we give people the suicide, but it might be a high medium or low dose. Then we invite them based on what we, how we prepared them to just relax. They might look at art books. They might just listen to music. We then give them a soundtrack that we have that's seven hours. And it's basically the soundtrack for the session. We also invite them to put on eye shades.  whatever they might need. And the psilocybin session starts about 20 to 40 minutes after people start having a sense of the little shift in the way the music sounds perhaps maybe some patterned images when their eyes are closed. And then that builds and then they may start having memories and thoughts of their past life. Things have happened in the past. And this emerges, it grows. The music kind of is a little  And it's over about six or eight hours later, they go home and then we come back and do a debrief the next day. Sorry for such long answers. Listen, I love this. This is, I think, giving people a crash course in terms of, you know, not only one, your philosophical view of, of mental health and kind of what you guys are seeing as the opportunity and really what a potential solution looks like, but also to how this kind of plays out from an execution standpoint.  You know, regulation is something that seems very scary and like going to the principal's office for many people, right? If I think about what regulation really is, regulation grew up and has evolved simply because the animal spirits of capitalism just can't stop promoting things that might not be true. And when it comes to healthcare and you get overselling, people can get hurt because you have a vulnerable population.  exists. And it's evolved to be very, very complex because this is a complicated topic, right? And making sure that the same medicine is the same everywhere on the planet. And then when you take 10 milligrams of it in Beijing, it's going to be the same as when you take it in Boise. And that it's to the highest quality standards that we know what to do. We know how to assess up. There are huge branches of science to do this. So regulation is  And it actually has a benefit that's greater than the potential harm. And you can identify who will benefit from it, who it won't. So that's what regulation is. It's a fundamental aspect of public health and responsible development of substances for human beings. Now we see three areas. We see the recreational, we see an emerging area that we kind of tongue in chief called the sector recreational. It's people who, you know, have a sense that something could be just  on assistance, desperate. I mean, every 40 seconds someone commits suicide so that on the planet someone dies from suicide. So, and 20 people try every 40 seconds. This is a huge problem. And so that's where we're focused, given the urgency and the need that intersection is the medical side. And that's where regulation really comes through. Now, I'll just leave this kind of for your next question.  So I think there's a really important set of questions here. We're focused on doing it in the most rigorous medical way because that's really the highest standard. And if we can set that standard, then we can learn from it. Yeah. And as you're kind of building the company, one of the things that really stuck out to me as I looked more and more into what you guys are doing is kind of the company values that you guys embody. And so, um, this idea of collaboration, of being transparent with the progress that you make,  people if they were reading some of the ways that you guys think about the business? Well, I think the way everyone thinks about business is changing. You can see some of the largest corporations moving to a focus on stakeholders as a broader view than just shareholders. I think this change is taking place. We see it with emergence of ESG goals, environment, social, and governance goals for business, required reporting from financial  So the SEC, the US is kind of the highest standard for disclosures. And so when you read our 300 page document about what our plans are, you know exactly what our plans are. You know exactly what the 100 pages of risks are. You know, all of that is laid out so that people can choose to participate or not. And it's our game plan. And it's a game plan that we are viewing as how do we do the most, not the least, because if we do the most,  That's where we start. It's even reflected in our name. People are suffering. We have to get that. We've been on the front lines. My ex-wife who's had this passed away, struggled with alcohol and died from that. So I think many of us, everyone has a story like this somewhere in their life of what that struggle looks like and feels like. So compassion is where it all has to start. But we also can't be, because of the size of the problem,  So boldness is important. The next thing that's super important to us is rigor, right? If you're bold without being rigorous, bad stuff can happen. So, you know, we don't want to be bold and not have a good safety profile of our medicine or really understand who it helps and who it doesn't and who it might even harm. These are all things that we have to do with the highest level of rigor and do it kind of better than in some cases, the industry that's developed medicines in the past has done. So we set a high bar.  Inclusive means access. It means how do we think about reimbursable? It takes me back to my prior work in affordable, a funny word to use with healthcare, but better be used to make it accessible. So, you know, we're doing a wonderful project right now on the inclusion side, a couple of them, but one of them that we're really excited about is a project with the Brady Trauma Center and, you know, disadvantaged communities outside of Atlanta, trying to understand how well  And so George has to be a living. Yeah. When you think about kind of bringing all of this together, right? What is the ultimate vision for what you're building? Is this something where there's the clinical trials and there are kind of biotechnology or science-based advancements and ultimately kind of final products that get approved and can be used by people. There's the,  mental health issue. Is that fair to say? Um, it's fair to say, and maybe I'll kind of play it back in some of the way we think about it. Okay. So vision, the vision is a world of mental wellbeing for as many people as possible. Full stop. By the way, wellbeing doesn't mean you don't have down days. Well-being means that you don't kind of just have down days, but you have a full on personal experience. It goes from the emotional ups down to you live  So how do we think about personalizing therapy understanding doses? How do people respond who responds to what so personalized is really important doing research to help inform how we personalize something because we're all different our life experiences are different our stories are different our suffering is different the next thing is to be able to actually provide something that is a fast and durable single episodic single treatment and that's why we're so excited about  because then what happens is how do you keep people there? How do you enable people to have this sense of wellbeing? More good days on being present for bad days, but not doing them as a life sentence. You know, this idea of staying in a wellbeing zone and some people relapse, right? The thought patterns pick up again, life experience, something might happen, et cetera. So we need to be able to predict relapse.  it lasts for whom and who benefits and who may not. And to then really be able to be a compass for health systems and individuals of where are they relative to their true north of personal wellbeing? Where is the population doing? So depressed patients, are they doing in better as a whole or not? If I'm a payer or if I'm an insurer, do they have less or fewer other kinds of diseases? You know, a lot of people do  don't charge for pills, right? You actually become a partner with systems to say, we'll improve outcomes. And we'll do that over time. And if we're doing that, we should get paid through some of the savings. If we don't do that, we shouldn't get paid because our job is to be identifying and doing the research, understand who will benefit. So this is happening in oncology. So it's not a wacky idea. It's not crazy. It just hasn't really been applied here. And so what happens is you have therapy.  And then to expand into other areas, always following data, always doing it in the highest responsible way from our point of view and opening to share that, those data to help inform people to deliver service. Our view is not that we don't want to be delivering care. We want to make the care of it's delivered as best as it possibly can. I love this vision. I think you guys are well on your way to, to accomplishing it. So I am cheering you on before I let you go. I always, I always ask the same question.  with these issues of how to think about the world, how to participate in the world, and also someone who is deeply involved in the pursuit of the ideal of quality. What is quality? And I think that those two things, understanding the human experience of someone really struggling, and to really understand what does quality mean, how do we deliver it in the most responsible way, is really formative for me to just think about those things. I could give you a bunch of other books  other cultures, other things and other places beyond our knowledge. I'd be hard pressed to say I have evidence if there aren't. I tend to agree with you on that one. All right. You can ask me one question to finish up. What do you got for me? What's driving your interest and commitment to talk to people like me in this area at this time? Yeah, look, just learning. I think that, uh, you know, I'm in a very fortunate position where I get to spend  because obviously I'm extracting a ton of value, but at the same time, I think that doing it in this format rather than just having