 Thank you, Pomp.  in between anyways. And so, look, I think when I think about the last seven, eight years that we've focused on digital media, I think there's one really key theme, one thing that has just been a through line for the entire time. And that's this idea that the metrics that we were choosing to optimize our businesses for, they just weren't the right ones. And it grew from this kind of intuition, this inclination  on retention, on customer lifetime. And those are different metrics that most media companies had no experience, right? And if you think about the typical media company, it was a wholesaler. It was a B2B company that sold directly to telcos or to whoever. This new world, it's a direct to consumer operation that needs to fight for those customers every single day. And until we pick those metrics to optimize our businesses around,  downsides to the like, let's go after broad scale type business model. Look, I think the people that do that well do not consider themselves media companies. I think YouTube, Facebook, Google, they all do that extremely well. And the reason they're able to do that extremely well is they can source content without necessarily paying for it from every corner of the world. And so they can serve every constituency quite well without the economics turning upside down.  But look, I think what makes that possible is fundamentally the internet is a global community. And so when you say, hey, we're going to target this niche, well, this niche is a whole lot more people in terms of the addressable market than it was even 10 years ago and certainly more. And so each niche has a massive, massive audience. And by the way, whether you have a hundred people in your audience and you charge them a dollar each, or you have one person in your audience,  subscriptions for each individual subscriber. And that's even more when you think about it at the household level. And that number has continued to grow for the last three years, unencumbered. So people do have more of an appetite for this than I think we initially thought. And this idea of subscription fatigue, it hasn't come true yet. What we know will happen and what happens in almost every mature commerce industry is people manage their budget. They have a set amount. And if they get this thing, they from the grocery store,  And so there's actually tons of room for many more media brands to exist for kind of each use case or person or psychographic. And we're not there yet. So let's start a little bit about the company that you're building today. What was the impetus for the idea and what does the product look like? Yeah, well, look, I told you that myself and actually my co-founder, Jonathan, we had spent a lot of time pounding the table about these metrics and reorienting the businesses that we were at to focus on  In a world where people do cancel CBS All Access, for example, the day after they watch a bunch of NFL games, you can't just think about viewership because you don't have a subscriber in the first place who's watching. And so we're basically bringing all of those metrics we've spent a lot of time thinking about and sharing them transparently across the entire industry. These companies have a ton of data on their own customers. But what's the churn rate when you don't know if it's good  And that's essentially what antenna exists to provide. So this entire trend towards subscription media, obviously we see everyone from the New York Times executing this with millions of subscribers down to a lot of kind of sub stats, trying to get to 100 fans, 1000 fans. What's driving this trend or this focus on subscription? Is it literally just out of necessity? Well, I think there's a couple of things. I think once the cat is out of the bag, once Netflix and Spotify exist and they show people,  people cared for, and there was a variety of reasons that drove that. And so there was this incredible opportunity for unbundling. And look, people have a variety of interests, and there have been subscription properties that have formed with each of those interests. And people are more or less loving it at the moment. The other part of it is this price times volume equation I laid out earlier. If you're only going to go after a certain subset of the market,  What are just benchmarks or kind of milestones that you think of, hey, this puts somebody in that world class bucket. And obviously understand there's not that many that accomplish this, but is there 90% churn after 12 months or an average lifetime value of $200 plus? Just what's the framework that you use to think through what's world class and what's not? I always like putting it in this kind of rule of thumb. If you have an 8% average monthly churn rate, roughly all of your users  there's a lot that are not 3%. There's a lot that are close to 8%. And so I just thinking about thinking about that rule of thumb of if you had your user last for less than a year, and then they were gone, and that happened for every single user in your user base, do you think you could build this business? I think that's such an easy rule of thumb. And it's essentially 8 point something percent that that's the number. And so when you think through the reasons for high turn, right, let's call 8% it gets you that high turn. Is this something that the content's bad?  With others, it's kind of a never ending impact where people continue to churn because they're just not as loyal. The second is obviously, what's the programming on there? And this is really important for especially streamers, but in a world where you're maximizing viewership and what you want is the Super Bowl or Game of Thrones, because if you have one of those marquee shows, you're going to really, really make or break your year. And the way you program, the way you commission  is to get you to sign up and the rest is to get you to stay. And so I think that's another big reason. And then our third one is brand, right? Who are you for? This is another thing where the old way of doing it is almost antithetical, as you said earlier, to the new way of doing it. Old way, drive viewership, attract as many eyeballs as possible. People don't get more eyeballs, so you have two per person. So at a certain point, you need more people, right? Well, the flip side of that is  Like you have kind of, let's go after the mass audience. Let's use CPM or CAC type of pricing for that really wide reaching kind of lowest denominator type audience. But we're also gonna supplement it with subscription type products. Or do you feel like people have to commit one way or the other? Like is there kind of multiple models or do you feel the best in the world commit one way or the other?  I do know if someone is able to execute it well, it's very valuable. Let's just take it for granted that it is possible right now. Well, in that strategy, you do have tiers. So these two things can coexist. You do have a top of the funnel where it is more broad-based, it is more fleeting, the consumption is more passive, and you might be known to everyone in the world or certainly a large swath of people. Below that, some percentage of that big audience, they might want to go deeper.  building real direct to consumer relationships, that's a new skill that requires a lot more thinking. We're not mature in that way at all. And so there's a lot more work to be done there, but they can coexist, I think it's hard. And in that world, is this when you talk about subscription media, right? The let's go wide. I think you did a great job highlighting that's YouTube, that's Netflix that or I'm sorry, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, all of those, but in some ways,  I feel like people have pontificated a little bit like, oh, that should be a thing because there's written content, there's video, like why not audio? But we haven't seen anything really, really work yet. Is that just the market hasn't matured yet? Or is there something else that's kind of holding that back from development? I don't know if you'd call it original sin in the podcast. And by the way, just taking a step back, the way we define kind of consumerism,  HBO Max and Netflix, but between HBO Max, Netflix and Masterclass and maybe Peloton. So that's kind of the second edge in which we think uniquely. To go back to your original question on podcasts, I don't know if you'd call this original sin or not, but one of the original sins of the podcast industry was that these incredibly talented creators who often went through big media brands used advertising as their primary method  a bulk of the value because any individual creator struggles to stand out or have leverage there. I think the biggest creators will likely then circumvent that or use that as a marketing tool. And I know, I'm sure you think about this all the time. I know Sam Harris thinks about this and I know others do. But for someone who has the level of engagement and brand and depth of relationship, Spotify in this example, it doesn't just become your only monetization layer.  Harris's meditation app, which is an audio driven experience. There's going to be a huge market for things like that, in my opinion. So I'm not sure if that makes sense, but I'm sure you've thought about it quite a bit as well. No, look, I think that makes a ton of sense. And to me, really, it just comes down to, are you optimizing for only economic benefit or are you optimizing for other things as well? Right. And I think that this kind of idea of having multiple products for a brand or an individual really drives a lot of them as well.  like Luminary and others who've kind of taken stabs at it, but no one seems to have really nailed it. I know Andrew Wilkinson and a bunch of people working on Supercast, they're trying, and that platform is pretty interesting. So we'll see what happens. I want to talk a little bit about your guys' platform. Tell us, you know, kind of if I end up coming in and I use the product, like how does the product actually work and what are the insights that I can glean from it that maybe I wouldn't be able to get out of Google Analytics or some other analytics service? Yeah, of course. So it is focused on purchase behavior.  promotion at one of my competitors, a big programming release, a new launch of a service. What we can do, because we can go much deeper, is say, what's the Netflix churn rate for users who also signed up to Disney Plus in the month that it launched versus the churn rate that did not? And so Netflix would then know, oh, wow, users who sign up to Disney Plus are X percent more likely to switch. And so that competitive Intel. And then lastly, and again, it's because  that helps you make those distribution and product decisions in a way that hasn't been available in the market today. Because look, none of the platforms are really apt to share much data. If you go talk to Apple and Amazon, they don't share a whole lot with their partners. Yeah, it's absolutely fascinating. And how are you guys collecting this data? I think that's one of the things people are always fascinated by. Like you have so much data and it's so robust. How exactly are you capturing it? I'm glad you asked. I think it's a really unique thing.  very explicitly to share certain data, transaction data, email receipt data, and kind of other psychographic data with the apps and their partners. And so what we're getting, it's anonymous, but it's persistent over time. User123 signed up to Netflix two years ago. They canceled Netflix 30 days ago, and they immediately signed up to Peacock. That's how we're putting the metrics together. And what I love about it is at the end of the day, those consumers that are sharing the data, they're actually getting a value because these  and it was led by a fund called Rain Ventures. They're the VC fund of a really big media merchant bank called the Rain Group, which a lot of people know. And a ton of great angels supported as well, including a bunch of media and technology founders, executives. We did that a few weeks ago, actually. And it was, fundraising is not success, but it certainly allows you to hire  That's the pre-seed phase, maybe. The second is, hey, this problem we have identified is real, is valuable, and people really care. Whether or not we have the right solution, I couldn't tell you. The third is, hey, our product is starting to push some of the right buttons for this huge problem we've identified. And the fourth is, whoa, it's working scale, scale, scale, build process. I would say we're very early on in the third one.  So because we feel like we're at that kind of beginning of the third cycle, we thought, look, we need to raise some money right now to accelerate building our own product so we can recognize this incredible urgent problem that we've identified. And that's kind of the rationale for why we did it. RAINN stands for themselves in terms of why we trust to partner with them. And so I won't talk too much about them, but only a couple of weeks in and they have blown me away in terms of their sophistication and how leaned in they are. I love it. Talk to me about how you guys  and we stamp it with our kind of seal of approval. So the methodology is very well understood and trusted. And our customers build IP around it. So they think about the right questions to ask of the data. And they ask those questions over and over and look, their competitor might not be as crafty or smart. And that's kind of the value that the data brings. But even when everyone has it, there's more value on top of that because there's some groups that are really smart in how they use the data. And so that's kind of how we make money and why  every day, every week. I mean, just the streaming market alone, you have HBO Max putting all of their movies direct to S-VOD, Warner media putting all their movies direct to HBO Max. You have Disney releasing a dozen Pixar and Marvel movies direct to their platform. You have Paramount Plus and Discovery Plus launching in just a few weeks. Every day, every week, every month, there is a new story. And so if we were just to do one-time engagements, our customers would miss a lot of  I have to say Stratecory, which is Ben Thompson's, I would call it blog, but it's really much, much more than a blog. I'm sure you've gotten that answer before. Stratecory for me was the foundation of how I understand the world today when it comes to media and technology, which is by the way, what I spend more time thinking about than any other one thing in my life. And it really was, it's stemming from this idea that in a world where  So it really ties back to what I'm doing right now with Antenna. And so I have to credit Ben there for that. It's a fantastic answer. Aliens, are you a believer or a non-believer? I'm sure you've read Tim Urban who runs Wait But Wise, Fermi Paradox. I just don't know how you could read that and not believe in aliens. And then when you look at the complexity of the world today and you look at how insufficient human IQ or the way we approach it is,  I asked both. Go ahead. Fire away with both. Awesome. On the Bitcoin question, look, the internet was created with the idea that there is no scarcity. There's zero marginal cost for distribution. Yet you guys are all obsessing with this digital scarce property. I don't get it. Tell me why those two things can simultaneously exist. Yeah. Well, I think that the whole key to this is basically it comes down to provability. Right. So the idea was always the  prove scarcity, right? That's what makes the financial assets work. And so you can even argue that there's scarcity in the existing financial system, right? In terms of everything is an electronic Q-SIP, it's just an essentialized database. So it's really no different than using electronic Q-SIPs. The difference here is there's not a centralized database, there's a decentralized one. And so I think that, you know, it's kind of one of these weird things like something isn't a thing until it becomes a thing. And that's like a perfect example. So, you know, it's unique.  and you realize that you're a servant to your team and decision making is so decentralized that you need all of them to feel like owners and leaders. It takes a tremendous amount of EQ and it's something I think you're uniquely equipped with. But tell me, what are the secrets or what's one secret that you use to get people to open up and be so free of any sort of walls or guards when they talk to you? Well, I think there's two things. So we specifically talk about like people  and I'll eat. And it comes from a world of like, hey, there might not be enough food left type situation, right? But it's still this idea that like, I am the least important person here because you are as the person that's being led doing the activity, right? And so you are much more important. The second thing that I'll kind of highlight is, and I forget who it is, it might be Daniel Eck, I can't remember, but rather than be a pyramid, recently in Polina's The Bachelorette,  What is your financial goal for 2021? Where do you want to be in three to five years? What is your career goal? As a stepping stone in your career, what you're doing today, what's the path to getting there? And I'm surprised that many people just don't ask that. And so I've got some guys who they want to make a ton of money. Like that, that is their goal. And they've got specific numbers and like, let's go help them try to hit those numbers. I've got other people who want to develop skills or learn new things or whatever. And so across all the businesses that I have, I just try to understand like, who is this person? What are they trying to accomplish?  or find more about Antenna. Yeah, my Twitter is twitter.com slash remise tase, R-A-M-E-E-Z-T-A-S-E and antenna.live, L-I-V-E is our website. Your Twitter feed is full of insights around media and subscription businesses, so highly, highly recommend. And folks can go check out the product. But listen, thank you so much for doing this. I'll see you again in the future. Awesome, Pomp. Happy holidays.