 All right, guys, bang bang. I've got La Ron here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Hey, my pleasure. And longtime listener. Absolutely. Well, we we've known each other for a while now because I had the pleasure of investing in the company you're running right now. But we'll get to that in a second. Let's jump right into your background. You've got a pretty interesting story where you're born in Israel and moved to Silicon Valley at the age of four. Just talk me through growing up in Silicon Valley.  growing up and I studied computer science in college. And then right out of college, I worked at Slide, which was like at the time, I'm like, oh yeah, it's just a random job in San Francisco, Slide. But then in retrospect, it's like, oh wow, there were a ton of like really great people there who were my coworkers, obviously Max Levchin, Keith R. Boy, Suhail from Mixpanel, Adora from YC, just like crazy amount of good talent density at Slide. And I didn't fully appreciate it at the time. And then I went and did a startup  you could be a fast growing big company and still not work out is a little counterintuitive. So, so kind of elaborate on that. Yeah, totally. That's a really important idea. Um, it's really interesting to think about. So, um, with quick seat, we got really big and this was, we started all the way back in 2009 when the iPhone was new and the whole idea of app stores were new. And our thesis was like, we need to invent a totally different search technology that's customized for finding you the right app. Now I actually think that that's thesis. There's still something to it that's underexploited. Like,  And so then that turned into like a 20 million a year revenue thing. We were doing a bunch of custom work for them, but eventually it all fell through. And so throughout the course of that whole process, we raised mostly from Alibaba as a strategic investment, a total over like seven years of $170 million. And so you'd think if you're looking at it from the outside, like, wow, this company's going great, you know, all this money's pouring in. But a lot of times it's an illusion and you really just have to look at the yearly metrics, you know, like how much revenue is coming in, what are the costs? And ours were pretty crappy, but we just  We do A-B tests, we're data-driven. So the original idea, it really has nothing to do with my previous career, but it has to do with a problem that I understand deeply, which is struggling with dating and relationships. Because you always want to start a company around a problem you understand. And as somebody who's always been very technical, living in Silicon Valley, my career has always been an area of my life that I have done pretty well. But my relationships are like a disaster. I'd go on a date and it'd be like the worst day. I'd feel really awkward. Communication was bad.  because the professionals out there just have like these random websites. They're like, you know, they're not really trustworthy. There's just different types of coaching. There's a lot of therapy, but therapy is, you know, or marriage counseling, but that's not exactly what people need either. So we just thought, Hey, maybe there's a niche. So that was like the initial kernel of the idea. And we kind of grew it organically. The first version of Relationship Hero was like five of my friends sending us screenshots of texts from like their Tinder from their okay. Cupid just being like, Hey, what do I do? What's like my next move?  And then you'll find the customers that want that thing. It's a combination. So it's a concept that I call a following the value or the, I call it the lean MVP flow chart. So you're always trying to follow a flow chart, like in terms of what's your next step. The rule of thumb is like, well, where can I, where can I double my value? Like how much value am I creating now? And just how can I double it? Cause if you keep doubling it pretty soon, you're going to create a lot of that. So for example, like at the beginning we were helping a few friends with text messages. So I was like, okay, well to double that, I just have to find like five  you're applying with like the monetization and kind of the pricing structure. And at one point it was like, I think a dollar per minute. And then you moved more to like a monthly type structure. Just talk through like maybe some of the tests that you would run and kind of what data you would pay attention to in order to better understand, you know, what works, what does it work and kind of what's in the best interest of our customers long-term. Totally. Yeah. So one thing we do is we just, we A-B test like crazy. So like anytime we launch anything, we have it deeply embedded into our software that everything is an A-B test, you know,  panel of A.B. tests. Yeah. And so this idea is pretty straightforward. Right. Hey, people want a relationship advice. We're going to provide a relationship advice. But you've built it in a unique, almost like marketplace way where you're bringing in top of funnel interest of people who need the advice. And then you're basically finding people who could be the coaches and onboarding them in order to provide a good experience. Why has nobody else done it in this way? Right. Like, where did  standard commodity, like a therapist. Okay. You make a list of what certifications it constitutes a therapist, and then you go offer a contract job to those people. So that would be more of a marketplace model. In our case, there's no such thing as a certified relationship coach with a single definition. So we looked at all the certifications out there and we're like, okay, well, this one kind of fits, but it's missing this. And eventually we pulled together our own certification and our own training. And then we're like, okay, great. So we know how to train and certify relationship coach, but then, you know, where do we find them or like,  started to scale this up, what's been the biggest learning in terms of actually building out, you know, in a space that people I think understood, but using a model that people hadn't done before? Yeah, so it's, you know, it's really just thinking from first principles, right? So instead of, I feel like people are always like trying to search Google and try to find like the answer for how to do something. But in our case, we're just like, well, can this person give good coaching? And if they did, how could we tell like, what would be the proof? So we like made a bunch of tests.  And why is the focus so much on what I'll call like very tactical things, right? So this isn't, Hey, be nice or Hey, you should go do something at a high level. It's very, very tactical. And like, you should respond in this way or you should do a X thing on Y date. Why the focus on the tactical aspect rather than more high level stuff? Sure. Yeah. Well, imagine you're going to your friends for relationship help, right? A lot of what you need is that tactical aspect. So you're going to be like, Hey, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do  growing in popularity is the idea of like, look, sure you want to be authentic, but you shouldn't expect yourself to have all these communication and courtship skills because it's something that you can like invest more time into getting better and you can talk to a professional and get some tips that'll save you a lot of time. And the most important question I'm going to ask you today, uh, everyone wants to know how do you write the perfect text message or Tinder message? Yeah, definitely. So, uh, you know, I'm not going to give you a bunch of stock openers, uh, that we do have those, um,  imagine that you are the recipient of the text and imagine that you just want to be able to respond within like five seconds. Like a response just comes to your head. Like it's natural banter. Most of the texts that people write are actually really annoying to respond to. And the only way to respond to it is to like think for five minutes. And when you make the other person think for five minutes, they're like, uh, you know, this guy seems pretty cool, but it's just, let me, let me get back to him. And then they never get back to you. Yeah. It's so fascinating that, uh, you describe it as chess,  or have some purpose. So for example, like when it's early in the conversation, a lot of times you just want to make them engage and like have fun. So your goal is basically to create a fun interaction. So you want to throw in like a tease or a joke, but not just like a random knock knock joke, but like a certain type of joke where they like it. And also they're motivated to continue it. Like something that like challenges them a little bit, like kind of like an interactive role play. I love the, uh, the, just the framework that you use to describe this. Uh, I want to switch gears. Um, and we'll come back to  And why did you kind of tweet that out and kind of what was the logic back then especially remember it? Yeah, yeah, definitely. And by the way, don't forget Milner and Conway start fund remember a Yuri Milner and Ron Conway back in 2011 gave Y Combinator a ton of money. They were invested a lot in every company and that ship has actually come in to right. Like if you look at all these IPOs like Airbnb, almost a hundred billion, like everybody now realizes that Y Combinator is by far like the best game in town except maybe Sequoia like those two are so yeah, I mean,  and  studying computer science, I randomly took this grad class, graduate level elective, and we were talking about cryptography. And I randomly did a project like writing a little paper on this research paper where somebody had made a scheme for, it was called compact e-cash. So it was like a way to use principles of cryptography to pay people. So like I did a little report on the scheme, I did a little presentation. I'm like, yeah, this is a nice little scheme, but it's like impractical. So it basically sucks, but it's like a nice idea. So then literally like two years later, I'm reading the Bitcoin white paper and I'm like, wait a minute,  So the last straw for me after those two data points was just seeing the market price start to rise, seeing it get traction, seeing it get talked about and not die. And I'm like, okay, if on the conceptual level Bitcoin is so powerful and it's not going the way socially, it's actually picking up steam in terms of normal people caring about it, then that is a very potent combination. Yeah. You also were an early investor in Coinbase. And so for somebody who saw Bitcoin so early, it was just a natural extension when you met Brian.  disposable income. And I was looking to do a little angel investing. So just by coincidence, I ended up putting a check into the first funders club fund where they had a few options of companies to pick. And I'm like, Oh yeah, Coinbase. I like Bitcoin. So a lot of luck, you know, Silicon Valley being at the right place at the right time, happening like Bitcoin ended up angel investing in Coinbase. And then of course, you know, forgot about it for a few years. And now they're like, you know, the next potential YC IPO. And I've just been really impressed. Oh, my thesis there was just like, look, I think Bitcoin's a big deal. And I think that Coinbase is doing a  So the YC stamp of approval definitely meant a lot to me. So YC has like a special place in my heart because I was reading Paul Graham essays when I was in high school, just like obsessively even before YC was a thing. And then I kind of followed YC from afar, like, you know, read all the articles documenting what was happening in YC. Eventually, Relationship Hero ended up doing YC in 2017. So I kind of got to check off a bucket list item. But yeah, when I saw Coinbase do YC, that was definitely another plus. But at the same time, it was really funny to consider like how  climactic because it's like, oh yeah, right. Okay. It's why I see. Um, if I felt like I was like super hardcore, I was like, okay, I have to talk with every partner after like, you know, go contact every company. Like I was like so hyped up about it. And like other people were like more calm. So like settle down. Um, but, but no, I mean, it's really good. They give you high quality advice. Um, we, we always get nuggets of insight from our advisors. Like when we started relationship here, we're actually focused only on text chat. And so one thing our, our partners told us is like, Hey, you know, have him give you a call. And so,  What would you say was the best part of the experience and then the worst part of the experience? Okay, the best part of the experience, I would just have to say how good they are at helping you raise more money, right? It's really amazing what they do. I think everybody knows, right? You come in at a valuation that's less than 2 million, right? When they give you money, you're valued less than 2 million. They get 7% of the company. And by the time you're pitching on demo day, we raised at 6 million. These days, companies are raising at 10, 12, 15, 20 is not unheard of.  I was like, Oh, why don't you come into the talks? I'm like, well, I watched so many startup talks. I don't want to see every talk. So I kind of opted out of some of the talks. That's awesome. Uh, you've got a blog, uh, you've worked on a lot of stuff. I've got a blog that you've worked on. I've got a blog that you've worked on. I've got a blog that you've worked on. I've got a blog that you've worked on. I've got a blog that you've worked on. I've got a blog that you've worked on. I've got a blog that you've worked on. I've got a blog that you've worked on.  lean startup and you try to make an MVP, but you fail at it, you end up with a bloated MVP. And the reason why I want to write about bloated MVPs is I think even today when everybody knows you're supposed to make an MVP, right? It's like it's already seep into the culture and yet 80% of companies that I see are bloated MVPs. I'm like, what's going on? Why is everybody still shooting themselves in the foot? So I made a blog at exploded MVP.com and it just documents like, okay, here's another startup shooting themselves in the foot, making a bloated MVP. And it's so easy not to make a bloated MVP.  my co-founder just helping five of our friends. Okay. How do we help five of our friends? They would text us screenshots or we made a Facebook group and we'd post in the Facebook group, right? Would you call that a product? No, but it was us giving value to our friends. So I would still call it a value transaction. And what people don't understand is when you want to build a company from nothing, you have to follow the value and you have to ask yourself, how do I create a little bit of value? How do I double the value? Right? How do I create more value? And when you do all that, that's not necessarily a product, but what most founders do  and the weeds and want to build feature after feature after feature. But also, there's a psychological element to it, right? Like, yes, you want to make the product as good as you can, but it's also scary to launch something that you know isn't good, right, to some degree. So how do you think people get over that? Yeah, definitely. There's a few tips. So one of them is the idea that nobody cares. I mean, there are certain high-profile launches that naturally hype up. So if a well-known entrepreneur is going to go launch something, I actually think Marissa Mayer launched something the other day, and she's so high-profile,  you'll learn and what do they say? Feedback is a gift, right? I want to talk a little bit about modern rationality. This fascinates me. You've been kind enough to suggest a couple of guests to come on the podcast previously that touch on this stuff. Just maybe let's start at a high level. What is modern rationality? Yeah, sure. Rationality is really awesome and it's fun to talk about because there's so many misperceptions about it. I have to give credit to where I learned all the concepts of modern rationality,  content of like all these different ways of like how to think and how to properly change your mind, like exactly when the evidence tells you to change your mind, basically like how to do science better. Um, so like very high level, like what, what is all this stuff, right? Like what's the, what's the central idea? It's basically like how to wield your brain as a tool, because obviously your brain is like extremely powerful, right? It's like the most intelligent object in the known universe, right? But at the same time it did just evolve, right? It wasn't designed, it evolved. And the way that it evolved was like, you know,  throw yourself off the deep end and just obsess over as much of the content as possible and you pick up kind of muscle memory or is it something where somebody can sit down, read for five hours, get it, and then they're off to the races? It's a good question. How does one actually become more rational? And one of the principles of modern rationality is that a lot of times it helps to focus on a problem. So don't just focus on the rationality itself, but focus like you're trying to solve a problem. For example, if you're trying to go to the moon,  parts together and test them all at once. So it keeps making you step back and rationality is kind of like the ultimate stepping back of like, you know, how do I organize everything to begin with? Yeah. And it feels also like, uh, there's a mental framework, right? That you can apply to almost every situation, but really this depends on this like intellectual curiosity to continue to drive towards, um, you know, whether it's first principles thinking or, uh, really getting at the root of a problem. And so it almost feels like what you're doing is you're trying to stoke  and we're both going to try to convince each other. So one of the things of rationality is the idea of like, well, if you're really just trying to have a more accurate belief, you should think of it like a dance, almost like a martial art, where you come in and inside of your brain is a probability distribution over possible ways that you think that the world might be. And as you interact with somebody else, the stuff they say, you take it in and you want that stuff to update your mental model. Like you want to let your mind be changed.  about an example on my blog. Like imagine that like I'm somebody who's like pro capitalism, right? But, and, and I think Uber is like an overall good company, but I know it's like kind of controversial. Um, and so somebody will come up and tell me like, you know what I don't like about Uber? Uber exploits its workers. And so I'm tempted to say, well, you know, in capitalism, anytime you're giving somebody an offer of employment, you're just making a bid in a market. And so they can take or leave the bid, but overall it's driving wages up, right? Cause they're bidding for labor and they can always get a different. So anyway,  And his car gets some depreciation and he doesn't get benefits. And I'm like, okay. And then, and the guy's like, well, and meanwhile Uber's IPOing and they're making 80 billion and Joe's like making $13 minus depreciation. I'm like, okay, well, is that really exploitation? Like what's, what's Joe's next best alternative? I'm like, well, Joe could go get an actual job with benefits. I'm like, okay, but then, but why didn't he? And they're like, I don't know why I didn't know. Like, well, you have to tell me why I didn't because you're telling a story. I'm just asking you to tell me a specific story. Like you can go ahead and flesh out the detail. Like I'm just trying to learn.  I don't think we are yet able to do that is super intelligent artificial intelligence. And you've told me that that is a big topic among this rational community. Help me understand kind of what is the obsession there and kind of what are those conversations about? Yeah, totally. So really important topic. And it's actually, you know, I mentioned that Eliezer Yudkowsky, the creator of less wrong.com is somebody who's big in both the AI community and the rationality community. His initial motivation for  Yeah, if I'd said this 10 years ago that way it would just kind of sound like a very random fringe topic to bring up So it's definitely becoming more mainstream, you know, Elon Musk has said yes, we need to study AI risk But but what is exactly the risk? So very simply it's just the idea that it's it's very possible to imagine an AI that's really smart and Doesn't mind accidentally destroying a bunch of stuff like destroying life as we know it like it's kind of easily It's kind of easy to accidentally destroy life as we know it like for example like imagine if you just like  this thing, like it could kill us all. Where do you think that line is and how much of a validity do you put in the idea of super intelligent AI risk? Yeah. So I actually think it's a really, really important, big risk. Remember we were talking about, you know, like the 10% chance of a hundred X return. And I was talking about order of magnitude perspective, like your ability to notice when something is like a big deal. So AI risk is a very, very big deal. And the chance of it is actually a lot more than 10% and the return of getting  AI to be like, well, I'm going to manufacture a nanobot. Like, but you know, by sending, you know, there's labs right now that are connected to the internet that have enough tooling to, you know, to start there's biology labs connected to the internet right now. Right. So, and you saw how, like, you know, today we have, um, the Moderna vaccine, right? It's mRNA. So they just coded some mRNA and you put it in your body and it's, and it's, uh, it basically programs your body. Okay. Well, if an AI were sufficiently smart, it would just have to be connected to the internet to start doing bioengineering. Like you could pay with Bitcoin, you could build these things.  I always push people on the probability and then the asymmetric payoff. So Bitcoin's a great example. Five years ago, probability of it succeeding, still pretty low, like low sickle digits probably, but very, very high asymmetric payoff if it works. It'll be very big kind of that order of magnitude that you're talking about. This is even bigger and worse, right? Like the probability of that happening is probably even lower, which means that the asymmetric opportunity  a thousand years from now, we're not, the human brain is still going to be the smartest thing. That doesn't sound plausible to me because computers are rapidly getting more intelligent and capable. Yeah. Well, and I guess really that it comes like timeframe, right? So it's like, if there's a larger probability, it's just on what timeframe is that, uh, in our lifetime, is that in the next 200 years or is that 10,000 years? Right? Yeah. So I think it's probably in our lifetime and it may, it's, I would say it's within like, you know, a few years to one or two lifetimes. Like I would  But when it comes to making an AI, it can literally just be like a team of like less than 10 really smart people in a basement with a computer. Like there's no way to force them to stop even if the law says to stop. Yeah, it's pretty crazy. When you think back to rationality, are you able to apply these concepts on a daily basis or is this more like a framework that you just use as you kind of go through the higher level decisions in your life? I personally find that I'm able to apply it quite a lot. Just probably my favorite  It's like, where did I get 10%? But I just think 10% is a better guess than 1% or 50%. And making that guess, it lets you make another guess. Is the upside, is the maximum possible upside? Is it 10x, 100x, 1000x? And I'm like, okay, let's say 1000 or 10,000x. So then what I have to do is just multiply 10% by let's say 1000x. Suddenly I get this number, 100x. And I'm like, wow, okay, well, the expected value is 100x. Sounds like a good investment to put a little bit of cash into. And that's useful thinking. And so I mentioned that in the concept of investment.  And kind of how do you think about the path to get to that kind of final vision? Yeah, totally. So I think, you know, the big vision of relationship hero is there just needs to be a really big relationship coaching industry. Like it needs to be like a 10 to 50 billion a year industry. Um, funny enough, you can look to our neighbor therapy, right? So therapy already is a 30 million industry in the U S um, and, uh, or a $7 million industry at 30 million Americans go to therapy. So you already have like 10% of the population going to therapy. And so ask yourself what percent of the  and scale it up to like 50 million clients. Yeah. And in terms of how big it can be, do you think it can be bigger than the $7 billion kind of therapy market? Or do you think that it's probably about the same size? Well, I think that it's within an order of magnitude, right? So I don't think it's going to be more than 10 times bigger, but I also think that it's not going to be more than 10 times smaller. So I think it's going to be like, maybe it'll be like 50% bigger. And I think, you know, a lot of people need therapy and therapy is great. But for me, if I had to guess, I would actually think that more people  comp, and we'll give you $50 off. I got to do the promo. And then you schedule an appointment. We do same-day appointments. Oftentimes, within an hour, you could be talking, and you can just say your issue. We have a money-back guarantee. And the reason