 I'm so excited.  was financial news because financial news in a sense is the realest news that there is, right? Because I know a lot of people don't get that and they will roll their eyes when I say that. But when you talk about finance, when you talk about markets, at the bottom of all of it is a number. And that number is real, right? Sometimes we get the number right and sometimes we get the number wrong. But there is a mathematical undertone to the whole of markets and that's what attracted me to it. So that's how I sort  at that time, right? I was chasing Kate Moss on a moped. And then, but I was all the while trying to make this progression into financial journalism. And basically what happened is pre-2008, this is something that people forget, pre-2008, around about 2006, we had this massive run up in oil prices, right? Oil prices went to $100, $120 a barrel, something like that. And you could see the world economy being squeezed  I started writing a blog on gold and I got an invite on to, or I joined a company called the Bullion Desk and they covered purely gold. My South African background helped a little bit on that and I'm a little bit anti-establishment anyway. I'm interested in the underpinnings of the gold market. That got me my break into there. Then from there on out to  the  if I was to play Bitcoin, the way that I would do it is I put money that I'm not afraid to lose in it. And then when I double my money, I'll take it out, right? I'll take half of it out. So what's staying in there is free capital that I can watch that accumulate with zero risk to myself. And as it were, this friend of mine who had his money in Bitcoin, he put it all in Mt. Gox, which went down and he lost it all.  it's not, right? We get up the run up 2016, the second halving, and we get another run up in prices through 2016 through 2017, and then it crashes again. But now this time it's got a little bit more mainstream. I mean, at this point, my nephew's asking me about it. So it's got a little bit more mainstream. People are aware of it. But again, the bubble crashes and even early 2018, probably  blockchains of some description. I think it is anti-fragile enough to really be sustainable. And I thought that even then. What I didn't know, what I wasn't sure of, and what made it a less viable mainstream investment for me, was the fact that it was what hadn't been proven is the demand side of it. The supply side was beautifully designed. The demand side  the  and quantitative easing, do you think that the confidence that you have in the demand is driven by that macro environment really pushing people to like inflation hedge assets? Or do you think it's something else that has kind of opened your eyes to where that demand is and will be in the future? Yeah, I think we're getting into that territory of sort of gold versus Bitcoin. And I think it is a very interesting question, right? Because Bitcoin has been  I'm either a professional investor or I'm investing my old money. I've got a portfolio of assets that I expect to act a certain way. If I have gold in there now, it does a certain job. It has a certain volatility. It has a certain correlation to other assets. It acts as a rather risk off play. If I yank out the gold and I put in Bitcoin, Bitcoin does a completely different  think that's fair enough. And this is probably people that owned quite substantial part of their holdings was in gold, so they had a certain expectation for it. And if you are awaiting the collapse of the dollar system, then that is something that makes sense. But if you are a pension fund manager, then that's not how you look at your assets. And I think there are other things that they have in common. There are other commonalities between  that Bitcoin does as well. It's supply stays stable through spikes. And that's why you see these big movements in price. The other two things I'd like to highlight with that they have in common is that they quite poor are the Bitcoin guys are going to hate me for this. But they're not great units of exchange right at this moment. People don't tend to use them for transactions. We saw in 2017 that the  more. Right? We steeped this in 2017 with Bitcoin, we see it in 2020 with gold, price goes up, we're on the front page, and the retail investor is suddenly saying, hey, look at gold, gold's going up, and they start buying it. So, you know, I think that's those are the things that they have in common. So, you know, that makes it that makes it very interesting. But when we start talking about this idea of a store of wealth,  up in value. It's not a bad place to put your wealth. It's not a bad place to store your wealth. But that's not what we understand with the store of wealth, right? A store of wealth is something slightly different. You know this, I'm not telling you anything. But I just I kind of want to explain where my thought process comes from, right? And how how I see them. So, so where is it fair to say that your thought process here is gold is much  is  shares  spectacular. Now, if I hear somebody's buying lottery tickets, I'd be like, what are you doing? Put your money in Bitcoin instead. Because if you're going to, you know, that speculative money, that money that you're hoping is going to pay off massive someday, that should really be encrypted. Yeah, I love the framework that you use. Let's talk about kind of the macro environment moving into 2021 and kind of the outlook for both gold and Bitcoin.  I don't think there's any question about it. The Eurozone, it feels trapped. It feels trapped in negative rates. I don't see where they're coming out. But at the same time, have you looked at a long-term chart of 30-year Treasury yields? The progression since the 1970s yields have been falling and falling and falling.  We're at the bottom of an economic cycle. We must be because you can't imagine a bigger economic contraction than the one we had. Historically, what's been the best thing, mainstream asset to buy at the bottom of economic cycle? It's stocks. There's always been stocks. You buy stocks at the bottom of the cycle, you wait until we get late cycle, and then you get into your bonds. If you are somebody with perfect foresight and blah, blah,  by inflation readings, whether those are correct. That's an entirely different question. Things like house prices are not included in there. I don't know about you, but my accommodation is my biggest monthly expense. Leaving that out of the equation makes no sense. We're at an interesting point. What's the old saying? Buy when there's blood in the streets.  10 years and 20 years from now.  performance will we see in future performance, right? And how indicative is that versus kind of the belief that, hey, the quote unquote returns in US dollar value have already been captured by those that were early. And basically from here on out, you know, it just goes flat. I tend to think that's not going to happen, but definitely an argument that some people are making. Yeah. And I think, I think that's why, that's why the wider investment community is picking up on this. We at Bloomberg,  and all sorts of, you know, but I can ask you a question. Sure. You know, the debate, the debate about the Bitcoin versus blockchain, right? So, so should I be in blockchain companies as opposed to in Bitcoin? Where do you stand on that? Do you think that Bitcoin is the ultimate use case? Yeah. Well, so I think there's a little bit of a nuances conversation. So there's Bitcoin, there's what I'll call blockchain or protocol based  exchanges like Coinbase or kind of financial product companies like BlockFi, kind of payment processors like Zap with their product strike, those types of businesses, right? But again, the idea here is you want to basically get exposure to an entire ecosystem. And so having direct exposure to Bitcoin, the way that I think of Bitcoin, and basically we talked about it too, we've got public pensions that are LPs in our fund and kind of very conservative type investors.  transaction volume standpoint, then those three products. Now, if I want to own PayPal, right? The payment system, I go buy PayPal stock, right? If I want to own Amazon AWS, I go buy Amazon stock or Facebook social graph, I go buy Facebook stock. But if I want to own the Bitcoin network, there's no stock to go buy. There's no centralized kind of organization. And so instead, what I've got to do is I got to buy Bitcoin, the asset, because as demand increases, the price of that individual asset will rise, right? So there's some,  little bit in kind of, you know, DeFi and some other stuff. There's a lot of financial engineering going on. And so it remains to be seen how sustainable are the current iterations, some of them will succeed, some of them will fall to the wayside, just like you saw, you know, many other market cycles. So it'll be interesting to kind of see how this plays out. But I think my highest conviction, you know, idea is really Bitcoin. And so I've chosen to put, you know, majority of my net worth there and also invest a lot on behalf of our investors as well.  Bitcoin in Malta, Malta Delta, right? Spoken Malta Delta. And I went out there and I met CZ at Binance and I met Nick Szabo, but I didn't meet him there. I met him somewhere else. Anyway, the point is I sat in that room with the people and I was like, the amount of human ingenuity that is being poured into this, it's clearly  Bitcoin is by far the front runner. It's the strongest. It's got the network. Being overtaken is going to be really hard. I think for most people, whatever they decide to allocate, the majority should be Bitcoin. The rest should be split between whether it's your front runner,  I think so. I think I think gold had such a fantastic run up. Um, and you know, you could see it squeeze. I started turning because I'm not, um, you know, I, I tend bullish. The run up in gold probably might have been my best financial call ever. I'm so, so happy with what happened there. I called gold long. I was short goal. I was short gold going, going into late 20, 20 18.  financial, the whole fiat debate. There are other forces at play. And one of those forces is that idea that we were talking about earlier, the Veblen good, when it goes up, it goes up a lot because people get excited. But people bought into ETFs. ETFs built up three and a half thousand tons of gold. That's as much as a year's worth of mine supply. It's significantly higher than was the case post-2008.  If one day was up, statistically, the next day is more likely to be an up day than a down day. That makes gold a trending asset. That flow has turned lower. We see the 50-day moving average on the price turning lower. We're seeing the 100-day turning lower. I'm not winning many friends either in the Bitcoin market or in the gold market today, but I feel like gold is going to test the low 1700s.  in, give or take, and gold sitting at $89 trillion, those are going to flip. And not necessarily just because Bitcoin's going to appreciate a bunch and kind of eclipse gold's market cap, but I also think gold's going to help it out by having a contraction in that market cap over some period of time. And it might not be significant, but I definitely do think we're going to see that capital shift. And it's just the classic, you know, when an idea's time has come, there's not going to be any stopping it. And I think that it's just captured the mind of an entire generation.  the internet generation or the, you know, but all of our assets are digital. Why should our stores have wealth? And Bitcoin has proven that it is not going away. So yeah, I'm completely on board with that idea. I couldn't believe any more than you. All right. Let's get into the kind of final questions. I have the same two questions to everyone before I wrap up, and then you'll get to ask me one question to end it. The first is, what's the most important book that you've ever read?  to perfectly love. A lot, yeah. And so funny. I was playing tennis with my kids the other day and I started raining. And there was a homeless guy sitting under a bit of shelter and we went and found shelter with this homeless guy and he had this book. It was like two weeks ago. He had this Jonathan Livingston Seagull lying there. And I was like, it was just such a flashback to this moment when I read it in my youth. Anyway, thanks for that question. I really enjoyed answering it.  That really got me thinking. Anyway, I loved it. Yeah, that's it. There's got to be life out there. For sure. You could ask me one question to finish up. What do you got for me? If you couldn't invest in cryptocurrencies, where would you put your money? So my whole investment philosophy is basically go to the edges of society and find the contrarian ideas that are going to become consensus ideas. And so pretty much I hold very few traditional assets. I own no public stocks other than GBTC and a retirement account.  And it's just this idea of looking for highly asymmetric type payoffs, right? I'm a young guy, I can take the risk and I tend to think that's a pretty strong way to invest. So it'd either be just more early stage startup investing, or maybe I'd focus on a specific sector that's contrarian today, but likely to become consensus over time. Can I ask you another question? Can I shoot? Sure. Okay. So listen, basically, I look at your media platform and your presence and  What's the secret of your success, man?  the need to have the backing of a media organization because you basically have the backing of the investment activities. I'm figuring out alongside everybody else, but so far so good. Yeah. Well, you're doing it faster than most, I think. Thank you so much. Where can we send people to find you on the internet or find more of your work? Hey, man. Just being on here is fantastic for me. They can find me on Twitter. I'm at Ed van der Walt. It's not the easiest surname to remember, but I'm Ed van der Walt.