 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got two special guests today. I've got Kate Namiir here. Thank you guys so much for doing this. Yeah, thanks for having us. Good to be here. Absolutely. Let's just kind of go through both of your backgrounds. Maybe Kate will start with you. Kind of what you do before you get to the information and what do you focus on there? Yeah, so I've been at the information for almost a year now. And before that, I was a reporter at TechCrunch where I covered startups and venture capital.  really closely together. So I still work for her. I started to work for her when we launched the company in 2013 and off to the races. Awesome. And so you guys recently put out this list, the 50 most promising startups. Maybe let's just talk through kind of why focus on a list and then what was kind of the criteria and how did the list come together? So we wanted to focus on more under the radar startups. There are plenty of companies that are getting wild  realm, essentially companies that are helping companies, other companies make better use of their data or prepare that data for machine learning models to process them and improve different aspects of the businesses that they operate. So there's just a lot of action, a tremendous amount of action. And we wanted to focus on companies that have raised about a hundred million dollars or less, in some cases, very, very little Zapier in enterprise software, Zapier  So companies that were founded three years or less. So that's how we did it. And really, we just get a lot of really good response when we focus on metrics of these companies, how startups are actually performing. A lot of very young startups get attention, but we don't really know what their growth rates are, what their revenue is, what are the challenges that they face. And we just really wanted to hone in on that. We get a really good response.  is there's so much noise in the market right now, I think more than ever, even during the pandemic when you would think startups wouldn't be doing as well. And so we thought if we spent a couple months looking through hundreds of companies, we could probably come up with a list and confidently say these are the startups that are actually truly startups early in their lives that we think that our audience should be paying attention to. Got it. And Kate, you've obviously focused a lot on fintech. There's a number of fintech companies on the list.  I tried to pick companies that sort of represented the ecosystem, which is diverse in terms of companies and what they're doing, whether they're helping small businesses, whether they're creating a virtual card, whether it's something like Robinhood. And one of the companies on this list actually is called Trade Republic. And it is very similar to Robinhood. It is essentially Robinhood targeting the European market. It's already doing phenomenally well and growing really, really fast. So I would say my big takeaway was  kind of lead the list in terms of their number of their portfolio companies on there. I think Sequoia had eight and Andresen had seven. Is this a product of the best, get the best deal flow and therefore that should be expected? Or is this just them proving this is why they're the best is because they're finding companies that the others can't get into or they're picking the right winners? Well, it should be mentioned that a few of those from Sequoia are actually from Sequoia Capital, China. So we had a part of this list, 10 or 11 companies are  one of them is named Martine Cassato, probably would be great to have on pod, who really focus on enterprise software, but with a machine learning bet. And they really understand how the ecosystem, how there's this ecosystem springing up of different tools to help data scientists or machine learning experts make their companies better. And they've been investing in this area for years. And there are some other firms that are a bit,  general artificial intelligence or anything like that. We're talking about much more basic uses of machine learning that can actually make a difference to companies that are not named Google or Facebook or Amazon and so on. I think also, oh, sorry. I was just going to say another takeaway for me seeing Sequoia and Andreessen on this list so much is just these firms I've gotten really aggressive at seed and series a really early stage. And we've talked about that a lot. Um, and you know, you're seeing it pay off these, these firms, obviously,  pay for these videos, to now all of a sudden he's on Twitter talking about we're going to help people monetize their time and do it with the most famous people in the world. How do you guys evaluate that type of business? How much of that is, hey, they're just getting started versus they're already a pretty big company, they've raised a lot of money, and we're seeing what they'll look like in that final state? We were surprised to hear that their gross sales are going to hit $100 million.  people in the adult entertainment industry, of course, who are doing that. Cameo started with mainly kind of B-list, C-list celebrities, some of whom are lovely people, some of whom are criminals from the Tiger King. And there's definitely going to be an overlap here. And you're right. It's one of those companies that at first you think it's kind of like jokey and cute. And then over time,  Cameo, the companies only were $300 million, I say only because that's a valuation that actually surprises me. I think they'll be north of $1.2 billion probably in a matter of weeks because they're probably in the middle of fundraising because everyone is. That'll be interesting to see which investors go after Cameo and make it into their next round. Absolutely. Then what about Bunch in terms of a different type of business? What are the thoughts there? That was a much simpler calculation, I think.  And this is obviously one of the areas that's just taken off and Bunch has just benefited from that tremendously. So I don't think that was one of the companies, one of the few companies I don't think we had revenue data for, for the 50 companies that we wrote about. I think we had revenue data or growth data on at least 40, 42, 43 of them. And we did not have revenue for Bunch, but I think  how they chat with one another. And then eventually the company is looking to do kind of branded content and events in the app. But it's really just a bet on mobile gaming taking off. And that's a great bet to make. Absolutely. Some of these decisions were a lot easier than others. I think this is probably a good example of one. And there are a couple on my fintech category that were more straightforward. But I think especially when you see some of these that were just accelerated so much by the pandemic and I bunch clearly people playing more games, people looking for that social interaction. That company I imagine  Tulum, right? The whole nine yards. Talk to me both about just like geography in general. Should people read into the fact that there's 20% of lists on from China? And does that play into some of this more like mobile type of workforce, just given COVID and the lack of needing to go to an office or kind of how do these things all relate to each other? It's two separate thoughts and Kate can talk about the kind of US side of this. We've always been focused on China. We have a four person team in Hong Kong that focuses  all of the trends that oftentimes they start in China and then they end up around the world, especially when it comes to innovative business models. You think about monetizing video. That is something that companies in China did very well much earlier than companies in the West did. And it's really similar with every other type of business. What's interesting right now with respect to the  like robotics or marketplaces that help companies find designers to help them create ads or branding. There's certainly a category of company that is using advanced forms of machine learning to diagnose various illnesses, looking at x-rays or other health data and coming up with a better  about what's happening in the Bay Area, which is definitely, as you pointed out, the hottest topic on Twitter. And I think we take a little bit of a more measured view, but when I was hearing about people like Drew Houston who runs Dropbox leaving the Bay Area, it's hard not to take notice. It's not just because people are looking for tax shelters or states like Florida and Texas that don't have state income tax. It's definitely a bigger issue.  is fair. You know, early in the pandemic when I was asking questions about, you know, people abandoning San Francisco, I got a lot of responses that were like, no, they're not going anywhere. Why would you ask that? Or this comes up every year. It's not a story. And now it's clearly a story. And people are talking about it, yes, on Twitter, but also offline. And people are moving to for some reason Miami and Austin have really well because of obviously tax purposes. But Miami and Austin have really become  you know, somebody that sold a company and just is well connected, there's probably not going to be a big reason for them to be in the Bay area long-term. And I think that's kind of what a lot of people that I'm talking to are, are agreeing on. Yeah. And what's so interesting, I think is there's obviously the tax conversation. There's like a weather conversation, if you will, as I look in, it's snowing out here in New York and it's not snowing in San Francisco, but also it seems to be like there's a critical mass conversation as well, right? It's like,  I mean, I think it's a hard question to answer and I don't know because we haven't really seen it happen in the past. You know, we've seen conversations about second tier hubs, you know, you have Seattle, you have Atlanta, but we've never seen those companies reach a point of maturation that, you know, comes anywhere close to the Bay Area. I suspect just because of the history of San Francisco, you may never really have something comparable, but you know, if you imagine a scenario in which every key investor is no longer in the Bay Area,  It's got great barbecue and cheap beers though. So that's their selling point. That's a hot summer. I think it's important to talk about the distribution of employees and how that's going to change. And there are, there have been companies, Zapier actually, the company I mentioned earlier, and for people who don't know, like it's a little bit, it's a little bit difficult to explain, but it's basically software that kind of helps make the connections between different types of applications.  they all moved out here and they were actually part of the Y Combinator accelerator, but they have hired people in a distributed fashion. They don't have an office. I don't think they've ever paid rent. So there are going to be more companies like that. And Cameo, you mentioned Steven earlier, they have become officially a fully distributed company permanently. So they are planning to just hire people remotely from here on out.  of what we're all talking about here. There isn't a cheaper way to do business than there ever was. So I think that's really going to drive it. People see what's possible now. Some of that will continue. We don't know how much will continue, but definitely some. Well, I think what you're saying is as those companies scale too, and they really do need to hire a lot of employees, that's really when you need to go elsewhere. But I think maybe the really early days and going through Y Combinator raising your first round  and  Stripe or any other Airbnb, perhaps, you're going to get a valuation of like $30 million to $100 million with no product or hardly an idea. And even if you are somebody who said that's someone experienced, but maybe not an alum of one of those companies, you're still going to command a pretty high valuation. So that's what we're seeing from Seed all the way to pre-IPO, which is, I mean, Stripe is reportedly raising at $100 billion valuation. I don't know.  what has happened, especially with companies like Google and Facebook and Apple and Amazon. I think a lot of the assumptions a decade ago that all of us in the press and many investors and many operators had about how big these companies could be with the core businesses that they had were just way off. They ended up having markets that were much, much, much bigger. And you have some similar arguments being made now.  that have traction that you can invest in. And there is an incredible willingness right now on the part of a lot of the money that's chasing private tech deals to just be out of the money for a while in the sense of putting money into work at these companies, a supremely high valuation, and just not worrying about it for a while, even if it seems too high of a price, hoping that it will work itself out. There's just so much money chasing so few deals.  with the productivity software app that you probably have heard of, has a pretty lofty valuation. And yeah, I just think it's a really unique period of time. And I don't think any of us can say whether it's ridiculous or not. I think DoorDash at $72 billion valuation, that requires a lot of profits to make sense. And I don't know that they're close to showing us those profits.  and it's very clearly this year, founders fund in Sequoia. So it's not, it's the usual suspects. It's not surprising, but it is amazing to see these firms kind of like landing on top with in Sequoia's case, you know, a 20% state and multiple of these multi-billion dollar IPOs. We calculated at least, I think around 15 billion in returns. And that's not including, you know, the way that these companies are popping day one. And I, I'd have to be updating that story every minute to, to in real time tell you what Sequoia's returns are.  if you can get the seed and Airbnb, you're going to make a lot of money. Absolutely. Amir, anything to add? Yeah. We pointed out that they had a chance to weed the series C deal for Airbnb on top of the other rounds that they led, but they were acting too slowly and Brian Chesky and Airbnb got, got pissed off and went with, went with founder's funds. So that definitely cost them, cost them a bit. But just to hammer home this point that Kate made venture firms,  sales  take the hedge funds, for example, like they have all the public market data. They should be able to see things that venture capital funds might not see or, you know, Hey, if I'm going to buy the company on the IPO, why don't I try to buy it in the round before? And you saw, you know, fidelity and a bunch of these people doing that. And then they just kind of worked their way down. It is surprising though, to see the $3 million kind of seed round, right? To, to imagine that a, a multi-billion dollar hedge fund is competing at that stage. But again, if you get in at that stage, then you kind of have an option on, you know, information and  been reported at very high valuation. How do you guys see that business? And is this kind of a once in a generation company that we can expect, you know, one day to be in kind of the conversation with Apple and Amazon and others or kind of how do you look at this? Yeah, I think so. I think it's a once in a generation company. And I think Patrick and John Colson's wine that they've been giving out lately is just that they're in the first inning and they don't want to go public as such an early stage company. I mean, they're incredibly mature. They have what?  go public for five or six years. I think it probably will be sooner, but I'm not holding my breath. I think they're taking their sweet time. They know they have many, many options. It depends on how many of their employees they let sell stock and kind of relieve some of that pressure through secondary sales and others. And Kate, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention your excellent story about Stripe also being a fantastic venture investor in and of itself, which I think matters here too, right? Yeah. I mean, it shows you how  I don't see why we're going to see them slow down. I know John Colison recently did an interview where he said they plan to continue doing investments and their goal is to grow the GDP of the internet, which is a very broad statement that I don't, you know, could really mean a lot. So I think we may even see them become a little bit more, more of generalist outside of FinTech. Patrick and John Colison also angel invest too. We saw them do Rome, which was that note taking app that has  watching? I can speak to things like mobility and autonomous vehicles. For instance, you mentioned SPACs earlier. And I think we've already seen a couple of LiDAR sensor developers go public in that way, Velodyne and Luminar. Velodyne's revenue was shrinking when it went public. Luminar does not have revenue. And they're  little sidewalk robots or even passenger vehicles, which obviously there's not a huge market for Uber type services, but it will come back and they will try to make their make their case. So I think you'll see a lot of that for those of your listeners who have Teslas or care about Tesla, which I imagine is a lot of them, this whole quote unquote full self driving bent by Elon is I think  do it on city streets. So those are some of the things that, that, that I'm watching in particular. Um, yeah, I definitely have some, my editor recently told me that my 2021 predictions were not very interesting. And that is because I suspect a lot of what's happening now is going to continue. Like I think, you know, we saw record investment, we saw record fundraising. I think we're going to see it again. Um, we saw a company, we saw these sectors be accelerated by COVID ed tech, remote work software, financial services. I think we're going to see that continue.  say the second half of next year is like normal. I still think, you know, even pre-COVID, the venture capital ecosystem, the startup ecosystem was doing phenomenally well. So I just suspect that it'll continue in that direction. Absolutely. That's fantastic. Uh, I ask everyone the same two questions before I ended. Uh, the first is what is the most important book that either of you have read? Yeah. Um, I know, I know I've got a good question when Amir starts looking off in space and scratching the back of his head. I'm like, all right.  of her journey out of that, a lot of amazing lessons. Gosh, I probably have to say the autobiography of Malcolm X is still at the top of the list for me after all these years. I still think about it a lot, the journey of that man in particular and all the twists and turns it took. So I think that's still number one for me. It's a very difficult. Yeah, it's a very good question. I should have been prepared for it.  guys on the internet or find out more about your work at the information. Just www.theinformation.com. Yeah, and I'm at Kate Clark tweets on Twitter. Awesome. All right, guys. Thank you so much for watching again in the future. Thanks so much. Thanks for having us.