 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Rafael here with me. Dude, thank you so much for doing this. Palm, thanks for having me, man. Absolutely. Let's just get started with kind of your background. How do you and your co-founder end up starting the company and kind of where were you born and just why? Yeah, our origin story starts even before you and I met. Right. You know, both of us are first generation Americans.  customer obsessed and delivering kind of financial responsibility along the way. So our first day of college, you carry on, I went to Drexel and moved from North Jersey, moved from South Jersey, which was a shorter commute from him. And, you know, we met each other the very first day and then immediately connected, right? We immediately connected because we shared the same values. We really understood one another. We worked together since we were kids. And it's something that just literally made sense for us than day one. And we recognize that  So we did something, you know, kind of against conventional wisdom. We said, if we're going to make this work and kind of make money alongside of it, we're going to need to vertically integrate. We're going to need to own all the inventory and deliver to end consumers from our own micro-fulfillment centers, which at the time was not the best idea, right? People were like Uber and Airbnb are starting to become very big. They're like, you can't go on an asset-heavy model. It doesn't work. But for us, it just didn't make sense. It didn't make sense to run any other model.  No outside announcing, no fundraising announcements. We raised four rounds kind of in between those four years, but we were just aggressively expanding. We went from opening up like four or five buildings a year to opening up 15 or 20 buildings a month. And we expanded to new categories. No secret, we started as a college delivery service, but we expanded to over-the-counter medication and household and grocery and baby and all these incremental new categories.  fleeting moments. I feel like everyone in college is always like, man, you know, I wish X, whatever that thing is. You guys took it further and actually started the business. Was it the upbringing? Was it just, Hey, I always knew I wanted to be an entrepreneur. Like what was the reasoning behind actually wanting to start the business? Yeah. To both our parents, both our teachers parents were kind of giving us the competence really early on as kids and filling us all those values.  So not only did we solve a problem that was really important for our own use case to solve, we solved a problem that was important for many, many others to solve as well. Got it. And so the idea of vertical integration, you already mentioned it, like every business in the world over the last 10 years has been obsessed with asset light, asset light. How do I build a marketplace? How do I do on demand asset light? You took this opposite approach of how do we vertically integrate? How do we own the inventory? What did you feel like you knew that other people were missing or why go kind of against the  and stock inventory and worrying about supply chain and logistics and then opening up more massive distribution centers to support these things. It's a lot easier to scale, especially in the beginning when you don't have to deal with those things. But as a byproduct, these third party platforms have to monetize the gig economy. So make the spread of whatever they charge the customer to what the driver's take rate is. For us, everything we charge in delivery fees, which is a flat 195 plus the tip, is in direct cost.  up in the morning and the issue of press release talking about how great they are, you did the exact opposite. Why? It kind of goes back to our origin story and how fortunate we were to have really great coaches around us from day one. Everyone that we had and to this day that coach us and make myself a new chair better, kind of continue to instill the customer's the only thing that matters mindset.  more of these moments that were important for our customers. So ultimately, it did nothing but drive what we thought would drive ego. So we said, there's no reason to do that. We're going to put the customer truly first, then this is something that we're just not going to stand behind. Got it. And so how is the business going so far? You mentioned a couple of metrics. I don't know what you've shared publicly, but how much capital have you raised? Who'd you raise it from? And how large has the business gotten to today? Yeah. So the business is growing.  we expanded into, right? I alluded to them earlier, this over-the-counter medication category, this household category, this patent baby. I never thought seven years ago when we started this business that we'd be an authority in the baby category. But here we are, right? Growing hundreds and hundreds of percent year over year in a category that's very, very new. And we're looking to expand that even more, right? We're looking to add even more into that space. In terms of fundraising, we raised just shy of  on unneiling this business model early on, right? When we were profitable for our first two years and then scaling it and then exploding it instead of kind of building on top of a business model that was generating losses. Got it. And so when you think through kind of the business model today, why go after these micro fulfillment centers and kind of the vertical integration could be done many, many different ways, right? You even see maybe like a Whole Foods, kind of a really grand scale. Now they're testing in New York City, the idea of turning their stores into warehouse  It's not a delivery partner or a merchant partner that caused the break in the consumer experience. I think, too, and really important to speed. You want to be able to place these things very, very close to your end customers. We've gotten really good at mapping out the delivery zones outside these micro-fulfillment centers and how many micro-fulfillment centers we need per city. Some cities, like Dallas, has 15 or 16 micro-fulfillment centers today to support  very, very comped to what people typically see in store, like in, you know, whatever your local CV, asher, your Walgreens. So it's typical to what they see inside of an in store experience, but still with a very, very healthy margin profile. Got it. And walk me through, like, what does a micro fulfillment center entail? Is this a warehouse that's kind of on the edge of the city and people are going in and out, but it looks kind of like a, what people would envision as like an Amazon warehouse. Is it a, you know, second story somewhere and literally you've got delivery  In some cities, we're regulatory to allow as it's inside the MFC. In other cities, it's right next to an MFC so we'll have a liquor store. And ultimately, we position these things to be as close to the customer and to be able to continue to expand on these moments that are important for our customers. Next year, we're going to be launching quite a few new verticals that we're really excited about. And we want to make sure that as we launch these new verticals, we can remain a one-stop shop for customers to continue to kind of use  intent to purchase for folks that are getting onto the platform, trying to order GoPup, but it's giving them a message that they can't order. Plus a bunch of tapestry tools. So lookalikes of like, what does a GoPup customer order and look like today versus what are the lookalikes all over the country and then they'll develop heat maps on where to go. And I can tell you, as we've grown and as our customer base has developed, those heat maps and those high areas have changed dramatically.  We go back to the customer. Our number one way that we look at it, we obviously have all the market data, but we'll look at failed search results. Something really simple and like, hey, what are people searching for versus the results are not populating well. Sometimes that means, hey, we're missing a certain skew that people really, really want that we don't carry versus we're missing a whole category of goods that we need to enter into in a very, very big way.  Absolutely. Walk me through the BevMo acquisition in terms of how that came together and why that was so attractive for you guys.  to be able to kind of enable GoPuff's micro fulfillment strategy within Ababmo really was with the decision to enter and ultimately give GoPuff to all of our California customers. I love that reasoning. In terms of the actual business you're in, most people would think of this as, oh, they do food delivery or they do goods delivery. You keep using the terminology instant needs. Talk through what exactly does that mean to you and kind of why do you view it that way rather than just on the  everyday essentials to our customers, we're going to continue to expand and deliver things from a one-stop shop basis. So like what's important to our customers and what our customers keep telling us is not only to be able to get these products, but to be able to get these products bundled up into one order. So yeah, I am in the mood for ice cream, but I also want toilet paper and laundry detergent delivered to me. Right. And for that use case, that's the immediate everyday needs. It's important for them. So ultimately we're going to continue to expand to those use cases that are  to your business. What did you see in terms of kind of earlier this year and into the end of the year with consumer either behavior changes or just kind of affinity for what you're doing? What a ride 2020 has been, huh? You say that like somebody who spent many nights not sleeping. Yeah, yeah. It was definitely a lot of learnings, right? So our business was growing triple digits year over year pre-COVID, right? We were already kind of out of  first delivery companies to enable no contact delivery. We provide PPE masks, like I'm talking about really early, like in March, our tech team, I don't think slept in the month of April, just developing tools to really make sure that our drivers, operations associates, and our customers were safe. And we frankly did the best we could. We worked around the clock to really make sure that everyone was safe and to be able to continue to deliver  over a billion dollars and kind of just really, I think, taking a home run swing, if you will, at an industry that one has a lot of competition, but also two is very obvious to people whoever wins. There will be incredible kind of financial rewards and kind of benefit to how do you navigate that as a young, you know, first time founder. I put first time in kind of quotes in terms of just like the first time building a really scalable technology enabled business. Yep.  We don't know. We've hired a lot of really amazing people from all over the world to come in and help us really scale this business, whether it's figuring out kind of the operational functions of this business, the supply chain functions of this business, the marketing, the technology product, the merchandising, the whole nine yards, right? We have some of the best specialists from all over the world that are helping us solve these problems day in and day out. And you kind of learn along the way, but in our opinion, right, the secret sauce  but it really came down to like the quality both from a value match and technical expertise perspective with the people that we brought. Got it. And you've mentioned kind of coaches a couple of times. Are these investors who are acting as coaches? Are they like executive coaches? Are they just people on an advisory board? Unpack that a little bit for me. Yeah, I mean, it's more like it's become, you know, it started something formal and it's become something that, you know, like we're proud, I'll give you an example.  investment relations function that helped like, again, 10 X E-Cure and I, right? We're pretty, me and my co-founder are like a unit. We're both two halves of a single CEO. And, you know, ultimately all of these people that we've gotten on board, both investor and non-investor have really helped myself in E-Cure scale. Yeah. I love that. In terms of the funding that you guys just took in, what are you planning to do with the money?  New Orleans, we're planning to fix that in the next couple months as well. So, you know, ultimately for us, we want to aggressively focus on, on the U S this upcoming year and then go into achieving kind of a broader, you know, world's go-to solution as we then start achieving the U S go-to solution first. What's the thing that you could envision five or 10 years from now, you guys being involved in, in terms of whether it's a market category or a geography, that would be the most surprising to people.  quarters. But that along with three or four, at least three new verticals launching in the first half of next year. That's stuff that we're really, really excited about. Got it. As the CEO, you basically sit there and you worry about three things. You worry that you've got enough money in the bank. You worry about all the things that you're doing well and then all the threats to the business. What do you see as the biggest threats to the business in terms of the next 12 to 18 months that kind of keep you up at night or at least you're thinking about?  You know, you care and I still every interview every single HQ employee, right? It's an entire weekend, right? I've gone back and forth and really, really honing in and making sure that this person that's joining in is the right culture fit. So for us, it's all about like execution risks. Like we're two pretty aggressive co-founders that, you know, are moving very, very fast. And our ability to remain aggressive and impress them to accelerate or more is our biggest opportunity and risk in this business. How is your relationship with your co-founder?  over the years. But I'd be hard pressed to find two other people that have internal values that are more aligned than you, Chair and I. We spend 17 hours a day together, which my fiance thinks is a little weird, but it is what it is. We're here in Florida, we're in the same house together. We live in the same apartment building. We just bought two houses in Philadelphia that are right next to each other. We are very, very, very close.  It's such a great business and be able to have the privilege of scaling it. Is there a story that kind of highlights one time where you guys did disagree and how you were able to kind of figure out where the common ground was? Cause it's interesting. You know, I've got four younger brothers and I'm assuming that your relationship with him is very similar to almost a brother where you get an arguments, but you always know at the end like, Hey, love you. And you know, tomorrow we're going to be fine. Uh, any stories there that, that kind of highlight how that's played out for you guys? Yeah.  We were just raising, it was the middle of us raising our round. And we desperately wanted to make New York work, right? And New York just required technology and capabilities that the 2014 year old versions of ourselves just didn't have. And I was very stubborn about making it work. I was very stubborn because we had so much customers and we were making work and our customers loved us. By the point we decided to shut it down and now reopen it years later, we had already been in 14 markets, but New York is now  better prepared. I don't even recognize the 2014 year old version of our company. But we were grossly unprepared to enter a market. And I think if we continue to bang against the head against the wall in New York, we would have been in a much different position today. So it's like, in that case, two heads is much better than one. We kind of came together. We hashed it out. Ultimately, I think made the best decision for the business and now can enter New York in a much more aggressive fashion.  a week over week. And we got a lot of action from other folks. A lot of people were noticing how much this business was growing. And for us, just like employees, it's really important that you really culturally vibe with the person that is going to be with you. Raising money is like a marriage that you cannot divorce. So you got to be really certain that these people that you're bringing into the fold really have the same purpose.  What's the number one thing that you've learned since you started the business, right? I'm sure there's a million things, but in your mind, like what's like the thing that sticks out as, uh, this was either the most important lesson, the thing that surprised me the most from when I started to today. Yeah. Young founder. We try to do it all, right? Like try to do everything. Uh, yeah. I still only sleep like five, six hours a night, right? Like it used to be a lot less, but you know, we're still seven days a week.  we spend a lot of time on kind of rethinking that, rethinking about, you know, what our core values look like. What is the personality of like, you know, we call it a team oriented super athlete, right? And the super athlete between table stakes and the team. There's so many lessons learned kind of along the way from a cultural standpoint. But it's what helps you kind of move at warp speed, right? It's what helps you launch business units that take others nine months and 30 dates. And ultimately getting those right group of individuals was  Yeah, so ultimately we continue to do the things that were important for GoPop, right? Every week me and Yiqueir addressed the whole company. We made sure we over indexed in team meetings. So Yiqueir and I were present in all those things, but it really came down to the leadership we had in the org as a whole and really, really making sure we're over aligned with our leadership team. So on the leadership team basis, we went from having one-on-ones obviously with all of our partners,  You got to really make sure you're overcorrecting for that. That's what we did. Even on the non-business side, we recognized that as Go-Pop was doing really well, others weren't. We partnered with dozens and dozens of local businesses, putting their products into Go-Pop, some of which we heard from their owners later would not have survived without Go-Pop. It was a really amazing feeling internally to now, one, give locally Go-Pop  today. We talk a lot about our customers, about the name and the trends of the name and today we need some active users that are using the platform. It's a name that our customers really love and a name that really treats them. So ultimately it's something that we thought of in college, right? Again, no secret. This business started in college, but it's a name that attracts a whole host of new customers today. Again, less than 15% of our user base today is college.  I'm really excited for what the next weeks and months have ahead and ultimately getting out of 2020 and going into 2021 really strong. I love it. I always ask everyone the same two questions to end it. And then you'll get to ask me one as the final thing. First question is what is the most important book that you ever read? This one, this one is easy. It's trillion dollar coach. I don't know. If you read that one. It's a great one. Yeah. It's one that I really, really love.  What was the debate? He cures a hard no on aliens. I'm hard like he's like, there's no, there's no, there's, he's like, there's no fucking aliens in the world. That's it. I don't believe it. You can't convince me. I'm like, I feel like there's aliens. I'm glad you're the one who came on the podcast then. Cause I don't need any anti alien people to keep spreading that nonsense. I'm with you. I think there's aliens out there for sure. You could ask me one question to finish up. What do you got for me? You've been doing this for two years, right?  And you actually said it earlier is like, you can't do it alone, right? It really is. Uh, every single person who comes on and tells a story of success, uh, will explain whether it was their parents, whether it was a family members, friends, investors, coaches, colleagues, whatever it is, there's always, um, a, a multitude of people in their life, uh, who kind of helped them along the way. And, uh, you know, every story is different, but they all have those common traits. And so when you just hear it over and over and over again,  to find you on the internet or find more about Go Puff. You can download the app and just Go Puff on the App Store Google Play or go to gopup.com. All right. Are you on the internet anywhere or are you hiding? Yeah. Just Raphael. I have a long Russian last name. Illishia. You can find me Instagram, Twitter. I'm all over. All right, man. Listen, thank you so much for doing this. I'll do it again in the future. Thanks so much.