 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Nick here with me. Super excited to do this. We're going to do a quick overview of real estate and I couldn't think of anyone better to bring on. So thank you so much for doing this, sir. Thanks for having me, Paul. Appreciate it. Let's get started just with your background, kind of where'd you grow up and how did you get into real estate investing? Yeah, I'm 31 years old, grew up in Southern Indiana. I went to, was lucky enough to go to Cornell in Ithaca, New York to run track and field.  But, you know, as you know, when you're at the top of the chain, you get a lot of the calls that are not necessarily the fun ones. So in 2015, we had some money set aside. In 2016, we started construction, new development of a self-storage facility in upstate New York, $2.4 million project. And it was, it was great. We learned a lot. It was stressful. We went a little bit over budget. We ended up buying out a neighboring self-storage facility in 2019. When we got it stabilized, we did a cash out research.  Why does it seem like every rich person owns real estate? Yeah, real estate is an asset class that slowly appreciates over time. I mean, you two, 3% a year adds up, but the beautiful thing about it is that you can amplify it with leverage. Not very many people trade stock or Bitcoin on margin. I don't recommend that, but a real estate asset, you can touch it, you can feel it. You can sign leases that are longer term, so it's more secure. And therefore, banks are willing to loan 60, 70, 80% of the value. So if your asset's appreciating at 5% a year, but you  operating business and finding a way to make a piece of real estate, make more money. And then when it gets more valuable, that's when the magic starts to happen with real estate and you can really compound and grow. Absolutely. And then, when you think of kind of the lay of the land in real estate, I think most people just think of commercial and residential. Is that an accurate kind of framework or are there other components that you would add in there? Yeah. So the money is made in niche real estate. And when I say that, I mean, all these other small asset classes that people can get involved in,  different things where if you specialize in some of those things, instead of competing against the bigger pockets crowd of everybody who has 20 grand in their pocket wants to go buy a single family rental or duplex, you know, if you're a guy who, who can buy marinas, you know, in a town and operate a marina, you can make really good money. If you're a person who can, can buy and manage golf courses the right way, solar farms, wind farms. And just for me, I happened to get into self storage, which I like, I love it as a business model. We can, I'm sure we're going to talk more about that, but basically, yeah,  Kmart and a Best Buy in it. And it's worth five or 10 million bucks, but Best Buy announces that they're going to go bankrupt and stop paying your rent. Your property is instantly worth half as much in a day, as soon as that news breaks. Whereas in self-storage, you know, if a couple of tenants move out and a couple of tenants move in, it's just the normal business cycle. So your risk is kind of hedged. That's why I love it. Got it. And so when you think through kind of the way that self-storage businesses work, you basically  that we call row facilities where there's just doors facing outside and you can drive up to every single storage unit. We found a niche where we can operate these things remotely with software. So while a competitor down the street, I'll give you an example, our first facility in Ithaca, which I think we'll talk about the deal, we have 51,000 square feet. So it's a big facility, but we operate it on three grand a year in payroll because somebody pulls up to our facility and there's a sign on the front of the gate that says, hey, go to this website and you can rent a unit.  and basically do a lot of what our software does, which is collect the rent and rent the units. Yeah. And when you are thinking through like, uh, let's just call it kind of ground maintenance, for example, uh, at what point is it, Hey, it's worth spending the money versus, uh, maybe I shouldn't actually spend the money and we can do something with software or, uh, you know, tenants are only going to go in and out. They really don't care if the floors are swept or whatever. Like, like, how do you think through that, uh, trade-off? Yeah, we definitely keep the place clean and safe. I mean, that's the easy part. Once a week,  you know, that's how they value this stuff based on cap rates and multiples of that net operating income. So if you can increase that, everything you can do, um, makes your facility way more valuable. So when we can cut out 80 grand in payroll at a self storage facility, you know, we can create sometimes 500,000 or a million bucks worth of value out of thin air. Got it. So let's just start with maybe kind of a traditional real estate deal. We can pick a sector where we can just kind of do overall. I want to walk through kind of the financial engineering that happens with real estate that ends up being  I see the fact that they're paying a manager. I see the fact that they have sub-market rents. Maybe they're charging $70 for a 10 by 10 when I know the market rent is $100 for a 10 by 10. That's a deal that I'm looking at right now, for example. And let's say that the net operating income on this facility is 80 grand, meaning a million dollar facility, you're making 80 grand a year in profit. Now we might have to help each other out with a calculator here, but I come in and my goal is to buy that thing. What I'm going to do is I'm going to put a short term adjustment  the terms at which you're borrowing that $750,000 are not as advantageous as you could get, but you're specifically optimizing for flexibility because you have the plan to pay it back early, correct? Yeah, there's something called a prepayment penalty, which can be five or 6% of the loan amount. And if you pay it in the second year, which is what we're going to do, Pomp, because we know that this facility has got some upside, 6% of 750 grand, that can 50 grand is not cheap to refi.  So let's just use the value of an eight cap as a basis for how these properties are valued right now. It changes, right? A low risk property has a higher cap rate because you need a higher return. I'm sorry, a high risk property is a higher cap rate. A low risk property, let's say you have a piece of property in downtown Austin, that's going to be valued at a five cap because it's less risk, more valuable for investors. So we're going to go in and we're going to raise rents and we are going to cut costs. That's what we're going to do. That's what I do best. I go into a self-storage facility and I optimize that net operating income. And let's say at the 18 month mark,  money it makes. So I go back to my banker and say, Hey, Mr. Banker, we succeeded me and pump took this self storage facility. Now it's now it does $120,000 a year and that operating income, it can support more debt. And this is the difference between single family rentals and commercial real estate. The bank looks at the value. So we send an appraiser in go to my banker. He sends an appraiser and the praser agrees with me. He looks at all my books and says, you're right, Nick, this facility is worth 1.5 million now. Now the magic happens. They loan the bank can loan and they can put  375,000 leftover after we paid off our original debt. So literally on the day you do this, what's called a cash out refinance, you get $375,000 put in your checking account. Remember how much money we put in the deal though. How much money did we put in this deal? 250 grand. So we just create 150 grand out of thin air. We still own an asset that is appreciating in cash flowing and operating and giving us money every single month. And we have 150 grand left to go buy.  out the new loan, right? And you're still able to pay that through the cash flows and you still own the asset. That asset is not only one worth more money, it's actually cash flowing more money as well, right? And still be cash flowing to 10 or 12% on the money you didn't spend anymore. You got that money back. Yep. And so when you take that money back, right? That Delta, which ends up being, I think in this case you said $350,000, a give or take the tax free component, I think gets lost in all of this, right? You put $250,000 into a deal and 18 months later,  And so, you know, you can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can't just sell it. You can  I'm going to put 5% down, 10% down, really lever all the way up. How do you just think about like, what's the healthy, um, you know, debt levels to start with? And then do you aggressively try to pay that debt down or do you kind of just stick with, uh, what I would consider a more traditional kind of, um, you know, pay it off as you go, uh, based on the plan type approach? Yeah, that's a great question. And there's really two things that I would say that I would say is that, um, you know, I think that's a great question. Um, and I think that's a great question. Um, and I think that's a great question. Um, and I think that's a great question.  you can be caught underwater really, really quick. But if you focus on cashflow and you have a diversified tenant base and you're confident that they're going to keep paying you rent, that the factory in the self storage town is not going to shut down and everybody leave the town. Um, you know, there's risk in all this stuff, but I kind of think if you cover your debt in a certain way, and if we weren't really in the weeds, we'd talk about debt constants and debt yields and debt service coverage ratios and a lot of stress tests where you can kind of see how much of a change can you really absorb if things start to go poorly. But if you focus on cashflow,  and make improvements. You got to do work, right? There's risk to it, but you can get basically back the principal amount plus some profit. It's done in a non-taxable way. And then you can use that capital to pretty much go do whatever you want, right? You can go buy dinner for yourself. You can go on a family vacation or you can go buy more real estate. The other advantage is all around depreciation and kind of tax advantages. Let's talk about that a little bit. Like I think people hear like real estate investors pay no tax, right?  our physical world is really critical. We need hospitals to go to. We need grocery stores. We need houses and so on. So basically what they've done is they've allowed this depreciation to take, you know, when you, let's think about it two different ways. If you're running a service business and you need to pay an employee, that's an expense, but you pay them right then. That's an expense. When you're buying a piece of real estate, you're buying a $1 million self storage facility, but it's not really an expense that year. It's got a lifetime. So you'd appreciate it over time is the way that you can write this off as an expense against your taxes. And usually it's 39,000.  And it's got this roof on it. That's only a 15 year roof. And it's got these, uh, the security system that that's not worth 39 and a half years. So we're going to depreciate all these individual things faster. And that's called a cost segregation study. Somebody goes in, they say, they split out your entire building at a different depreciation. We're going in the weeds here, different depreciation life cycles so that you can write it off against your taxes over different times. Well, when they're really wanting to get aggressive and they really want to promote real estate, they put this bonus depreciation on it.  that you kind of buy, even a rental property, people who own rental properties don't know that they should get a cost segregation study done and depreciate this stuff against their assets. 25% of the value can be written off on year one, sometimes of an overall purchase price. You can't write out, you can't depreciate the land at all. You know, the built, the core structure, the building can't be depreciated, but the windows, the doors, the hinges, the landscaping, the improvements, all that stuff sometimes can be lumped into this bonus depreciation. So you and I pump, when we buy that $1 million facility, we might get $250,000 of bonus depreciation  can get 25% of your overall purchase price allocated to these quicker life cycle timelines. And it goes from $25,000 right off to $250,000 right off. And if we do some math here on that original example we had, our net operating income is 80 grand, but out of that comes interest expense. So our cash flows, our taxable part of it is going to be around 50 grand or 40 grand. And when you're only making 40 grand a year in profit on that $250,000 investment,  So if we buy two next year and two the year after that, two the year after that, we get 400, 500 grand of tax write offs every single year. And before you know it, you're building a giant snowball of wealth and paying absolutely no taxes. Yeah. And basically when you do that, um, kind of adding to the portfolio every year, you're basically taking the depreciation and you're leveraging it for income from the earlier properties, right? And that's how you're basically shielding all of the income, uh, from paying tax. Exactly right. And I'm not a, I'm not a tax attorney and I'm not a CPA.  And then three is there's all these tax advantages that you can deploy. How hard is this? Like, do you have a massive team? Is it just you and your partner? Like walk through just the complexity of the work that you're doing. Cause I don't want it to sound like it's the easiest thing in the world, but also not that it's complete rocket science either. It's not rocket science, but I'll say it's hard. I'm finding an operational advantage where you can increase net operating income is very hard. You know, there's a lot of people who want to be in real estate. It's a very competitive game. Self storage is a competitive  $500,000 self storage facility. I have a video on YouTube that kind of breaks down a $473,000 one that we bought and we get three calls a week from that thing popping our software, collects all the rent and we don't, we don't stress. Yeah. And so I guess that is a piece of, if you're doing self storage and kind of, uh, we're dealing with quote unquote retail type, um, you know, customers, how much customer service infrastructure did you have to build and kind of what are those calls? Like are they the more nightmare type stuff? Uh, or is it just simple  So we have what's, you know, in my opinion is a, is a low touch, sticky client. And that's, that's, those are more things that I love about self storage where we don't have HVAC. We don't have boilers. We don't have heat. We don't have appliances. We have a steel box. So it's a, it's a little bit less risk. Yeah. And how do you think about, um, I'll call kind of technology competitors, right? There was a point in time, maybe two or three years ago where, uh, there's all these people who were starting companies where I could press a button on an app. Somebody would come to my apartment or house, they'd pick up my stuff and they'd pick up my stuff.  buying self-storage facilities in Shippenville, Pennsylvania, and Erie, Pennsylvania, and Elmira, New York. And if I owned a massive self-storage facility in Manhattan, I'd be paying a lot closer attention to clutter and neighbor and make space than I am. But as always, there's early adapters and there's people who want to pay extra for that service to come and pick up. One thing I really hate about that business is that it's easy to get your stuff. All you got to do is click a button to get your stuff out of storage. So I think they're going to have a lot of problems with customer retention over the long run.  $50, which is a lot different for a family. So, you know, it's a smaller piece of the income pie. So we can raise rents a little bit faster, but when clutter and make space raise rents, somebody might just click the button to get their stuff back. And then you got to pay to get it back to you. Whereas with me, they got to rent a truck and they got to go out there and they got to move it. What's your suggestion for how people can get started? Is it go find somebody who's doing this and kind of learn alongside them? Is it start with kind of your first small deal? How do you suggest, you know, the best way to get educated  raise money from a bunch of outside partners and it's other people's money. The people with the money call the shots and you can't own very much of it. So I'm going to say how to start is go make some money. And if you're well capitalized and you have the operational chops and you want to go buy a self-storage facility in your town, I think it's a phenomenal way to build long-term wealth. I've been consulting people a little package where I help them look at a deal and go buy a self-storage facility. That's been awesome for some folks who want to do it. But most of the time it's, go make some money doing something else and forget about real estate for a while.  and buy public storage and extra space storage stocks right now because they are going to pay a 3.5% dividend and they're going to rise with inflation. It's going to be a very good hedge against your Bitcoin and your tech stocks. Yeah. I find people reach out to me all the time and say, look, I'm asset poor and cash rich. And over time, you really want to have real estate as part of your portfolio. So I know folks, me, I'm 80% in real estate. I do have our reserves and equities, but I'm 80% of my network.  what is he going to start writing? And as I know you're you were tweeting updates and have like 25,000 words written. Um, and I think hundreds of pages. What are you writing and kind of what's that thought process behind, uh, behind putting this together? Yeah. If you know anything about me, pomp is that I'm, I'm a passionately curious kind of guy and I'm not afraid to put myself out there and learn in public. Um, and I've done it with my podcast. I've done it with, I share all my storage deals on Twitter. That's where I've kind of found an audience and where you found me. Um, but yeah, I, I get,  there's how it's valued and there's all the terminology around it. And I just started writing what would be a letter to myself at 20 years old when I had a little bit of money, but no real estate yet because I've made some mistakes over the years. I got the wrong kind of debt on buildings. I've, I've, you know, had an environmental issue pop up. I've been unsure how to raise money from private equity. I've, I've done a structure where I didn't make very much money. So I'm basically writing a pretty in depth, you know, just a rundown of, of what you need to know in real estate. This is not a deep dive on anyone asking.  In terms of where people can go to find you, where can we send them to find out when you actually publish this thing? And also all of the other work that you're doing. Yeah, this is a higher level course. It's not for somebody who just wants to know a little bit about, you know, real estate. It's people with the means, with the money to kind of get involved and kind of want to figure it out. But I'm going to release this, this little course, but mostly I give away almost everything I do for free on my podcast, which is called sweaty startup and my website, sweaty startup.com. But it's Twitter really. I mean, Twitter, I think is a phenomenal asset. If you make it such, if you follow smart people, you get  a textbook. It's called Small Business Taxes by J.K. Lasser. That thing saved me hundreds of thousands of dollars over the years. But a book that I don't think enough people give enough credit to is Never Split the Difference by Chris Voss. Everything in life is a negotiation. Everything in life is about sales. If you can talk to people and you can really understand their motives and you can find a way to click with what matters to them, you can win in life. And it's not just business. It's not just making money. It's literally interacting with your friends to figure  Oh yeah, I'm a believer. They got to be out there somewhere. I look at the data, right? What do you believe her? Yeah, I definitely think they exist somewhere. I don't know if I'm as far as what is it? The Israeli like former space commander or whatever now saying that he's been talking to the aliens and there's a galatic. I don't think they're anywhere near as close as we are. And I honestly think technology is not nearly as far along as people think it is. I think we're going to have a little slowdown with AI and self-driving and all this stuff. And we're going to have a 10 year clog here trying to  percentage and most entrepreneurs in general, they optimize for batting average. They don't want to fail. They kind of want to make sure that every time they get up to bat, they get a hit. I think that many of the people who I respect and many people that I know that have been very successful in life, they don't worry about the batting average. They worry much more about the slugging percentage and this idea of when they get up to bat, they want to swing for home runs. Easy to say in hindsight, but that's probably the biggest kind of mental shift that I've had