 All right, guys, bang, bang. Alex is back. I think this is the third time we're doing this. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. It's an honor and a privilege to be on. Absolutely. All right. For those that haven't listened to the earlier episodes, just give us a quick kind of two minutes, your background and what you guys are doing at the Human Rights Foundation. Yeah. So I've been at H.R.F., as we like to call it, since 2007. And we are a nonprofit that focuses on helping  And in the first two shows that I came on, I got, you know, I remember we talked about my work at HFR more generally. And then, you know, we also talked about the rise of increasing restrictions on civil liberties in the time of sort of the pandemic times. Right. Absolutely. And so since then, it seems like one, people have woken up to like, hey, there's a lot of bad stuff going on around the world. And there's some things that we need to focus on from a privacy standpoint. But also, too, is there's been financial resources both donated to human  2005. And we have roughly a, you know, it ranges, but let's just say this year we're going to raise about $14 million. So we have a significant budget. We have programs all around the world, events all around the world. We have a special relationship with Bitcoin because we started receiving Bitcoin donations in 2014. And I remember distinctly one of our donors at that time was like, Hey, can I pay for one of my conference tickets to go  as we've kind of seen the patronage model of Bitcoin grow. And what I mean by that is there's no pre-mine in Bitcoin. Like most cryptocurrencies have like a set allocated amount of tokens that get like locked up at the beginning for use for development. Like it's like a dev fund or pre-mine or whatever you wanna call it. Bitcoin doesn't have that. So it relies on the community, it relies on the world to fund its development. And over its first decade, that was largely done voluntarily.  we could be that catalyst. Because at the end of the day, if corporations are the only ones supporting Bitcoin development, that's not ideal. It's not a huge threat because ultimately the core developers are going to do whatever they want. I mean, if Bitmex or if one of these other exchanges decides to give a grant to a developer, there's no strings attached. That developer is pretty much going to do whatever they want. But it's a little scary to think  look at the New York agreement, which is still on the DCG website. They've got basically every corporation in Bitcoin wanted to do SegWit2X and make the block size much larger through a hard fork. And that was rejected by the users that summer, right, through the user activated software. So a lot of great stuff in there, but the big lesson essentially is that the users decided to say that corporations don't control Bitcoin. Now, fast forward to today. Again, I think it's great that all these corporations are supporting Bitcoin developers. It's fabulous.  guys have done is you've gone out and you found people who are working on Bitcoin core development and talk through maybe the process of like, how do you find these individuals? How do you vet them? How do you actually make the decision as to who you're going to give a grant to and who you're not? Sure. Well, we, with the Bitcoin development fund, we are both supporting core development, meaning developers who are literally working on a core project, as well as people who are building tools to make Bitcoin more private, more resilient and more usable. So it's a little bit more of a wide range.  with experts in the space, right? And then, you know, we kind of take a look at like, are these people already being funded? And, you know, would funding them make a difference, right? Would it really say something? Would it be emblematic in some way? And the five gifts we've given so far in the first six months of the fund, I think all match that. The first gift we gave was to Chris Belcher, who's working on something called CoinSwap,  projects working on basically your ability to use your full node or use lightning network from your phone. We also gave a gift out to someone working on something called Join Market, which is a coin join implementation, which is really freaking hard to use. So the guy's trying to make it more usable for people. And then finally, our latest gift was to Gloria Zhao, who's a graduating senior at Berkeley, a computer science core developer who's going to be working on basically what we call in Bitcoin, the mempool.  our attention to shift in that direction. But generally speaking, we are excited to be funding people who are making Bitcoin more private and a better human rights tool. And that's why kind of it matters to us. And what are the sizes of these grants? Are we talking $10,000, $100,000? What exactly is the ballpark? Right. Well, it's interesting because most of the gifts have been given out in Bitcoin. So it depends on how they've been spent. But in June, when we made our first gift,  fund, do it in Bitcoin. So it's just an easy thing for us to handle. Other gifts we've given are in the, we're in like the one Bitcoin range. And they were supposed to be like kind of like small but meaningful gifts of encouragement, right? And mainly acknowledgement, because whenever HR funds somebody, they get, they get some attention in the media, etc, etc. But hey, a one Bitcoin gift is becoming pretty serious. And then the most recent one, again, was a $50,000 USD denominated grant in Bitcoin. Now,  ones, usually those people are seeking a tax write off, right? Because if you donate to HRF, we can furnish you with a tax deduction, right? Because we're a 501c3 charity. So the latest gift coming in is going to be from Gemini from Cameron and Tyler and team over at Gemini. And they're going to be giving $50,000, denominated in Bitcoin, actually, which is exciting. And we're going to be giving those gifts out in Q1.  you guys, let's put it that way. But Peter had the twins on, okay? And he was talking to them about Bitcoin. He was kind of pushing them on, hey, why haven't you guys made any public announcements yet on funding Bitcoin development? And he did the same with Brian Armstrong. And Peter's been very effective. Well, I think we could, we can really give Peter a round of applause here because after doing the show with Peter, Brian and Coinbase announced that they were going to be doing some of this support, right? And after doing the show with Peter,  under the tutelage of like world-class Bitcoin experts and you can like do your work in a way that's very guided and HRF thought was thinks that's very valuable. So we're like a founding partner at Brink. But basically the Gemini folks have said, we're gonna give 150 to Brink to establish a fellowship and we give 50 to HRF. Okay. So I think that's a great way to go. It's gonna accomplish a couple of different things and it's gonna put the decision-making power of who gets the gift in someone else's hands, which I think is a really  them. But like it's it's something that the community regardless of what we think about Coinbase right. We are going to universally applaud them supporting core developers. So even if there's a lot of Bitcoiners who are like say this thing about Coinbase or another or people others that are like angry you know with Coinbase about something else like you may have seen in the New York Times recently. It doesn't really matter. But if they fund core development that's really putting their money where their mouth is. So what's interesting is that it is kind of like this  theory that I love to follow.  the corporations and the Silicon Valley companies and the Wall Street investors and the Chinese miners, none of these people control Bitcoin. They can compete to process transactions. They can get a bunch of money together, buy a bunch of mining equipment and try to mine. That doesn't give them control over the network. They can build impressive large companies out in Silicon Valley or in New York City or whatever to try and allow users to  These are scientists, these are engineers, right? So you have to think about the life decision you make. And Gloria, who we supported, has a great appearance on Stephen Laver's podcast where she talks about this, like, you know, her traditional life arc would have put her at Google or something, where she'd be making like huge amounts of money doing software engineering. So to work in Bitcoin, you necessarily you're, you're kind of taking a hit there on your salary, you're not making the same as you'd make building some AI surveillance system at Google or at Alipay or whatever, right?  are kind of leading the charge in terms of kind of showing people that there is a way to do philanthropic work, but have it focused on privacy technology and kind of this monetary freedom movement, is the hope that you can pull their nonprofits in to kind of do the same work, or do you think this is something where you guys will be at it alone for a while? Well, obviously the major contributor on this front,  was like before we started our fund, there was not like an organization you could donate to in the United States that was a 501c3 where you could get a tax write off and support Bitcoin, just didn't exist. So when we started that, what we were doing again was like hoping to encourage more people. Now, with great news, there's numerous new Bitcoin nonprofits coming into existence. Brink, which I mentioned, will be doing fellowships for core development. They are also seeking 501c3 support, which is great.  if not hundreds, these dozens and dozens in both of these spaces. With Bitcoin, you're talking like less than what you can count on one hand, right? So we're so, so early and we hope to encourage and inspire like many, many more actors to get involved in this space. It really needs to be like a diverse space so that when the time comes, when there is like the next big like war over Bitcoin's soul, right? Which we saw in 2017 where all these miners and corporations wanted to do one thing and the users wanted to do it.  for everybody in this community. Absolutely. And when you think about kind of the ways that people can help core developers, obviously there's the financial means. Are there other things people can do if they're listening to this and say, Hey, I want to pitch in, but either I don't have a lot of money. I don't want to donate. What else can people do? Or is it just the best path forward is to kind of use financial means in order to support these folks? Yeah. I mean, obviously the most important thing is to fund them so that they can do the work they want to do.  These are scientists, these are computer scientists, these are engineers working on hard math to figure out how to make Bitcoin more efficient, more private, more scalable, more robust. I mean, these are some really epic engineering challenges that they're solving. And if we can give them the spotlight, it'll encourage other people to want to get involved. I think one issue with Bitcoin development is that it's just not very diverse and it's not very big in terms of the people working on it. And that's largely because most people just don't know how exciting or cool it is.  Uh, the way that it really seems to be like disturbingly sovereign, you know, maybe you're a little off put by some of these things, but I'm telling you, it's really fun to talk to these developers and learn about why they decided to commit their lives to this project. It's fascinating. And that, that would be a big non monetary way. You could help. I love that idea. There's been a lot of talk recently about kind of the privacy features, uh, versus corporate support, right? Kind of, um, a breakdown of.  in a lot of ways, I think where in Bitcoin, we had the last big standoff between corporations and kind of users, cypherpunks, we'll say. Again, it was in 2017 and it was over this idea of scaling, right? And the corporations wanted to scale in this very straightforward way that would make the blocks bigger and therefore they could process more transactions and make more money and unload more people to Bitcoin really fast, right? That was like their idea. And the users were like, whoa, whoa, whoa, if you do that, we're going to ruin the decentralized  conversation. The big bubble that you and I are often exposed to or that we live in rather and that all of our interactions mostly on whether it's LinkedIn or Facebook or conferences or emailers or what we see on TV or whatever, we're all part of this like Western bubble, like the Krugman bubble, right? Like New York, London, Tokyo, like our financial systems pretty much work. I mean, as you and I both know, people, a lot of people in the Bitcoin community think not very highly of  good here, right, out in the West. But that's not the case for like most people in this world. And that's kind of something I've learned through my work at the Human Rights Foundation. Like the average person doesn't live in the EU or the US. That's like less than a billion people, right? So we have the lucky billion who live in the US, EU, and Japan, who enjoy a lot of financial privileges and freedoms. I mean, look, they're not perfect, and they're getting restricted every day. I mean, we have things like the Bank Secrecy Act and the travel rule coming here in the United States, and things are a lot worse than you might imagine.  OK. And you know what? It's done a pretty good job of that, of course, for a lot of people. And that's what's leading Paul Tudor Jones and Michael Saylor and all these different corporate boards and corporate treasuries to pop up and start adding Bitcoin. Right. They think it's going to be a good savings mechanism in a time of turbulence and in a time of monetary expansion. And that's completely legitimate and accurate. It will be. OK. However, that's just like one of the many things people use Bitcoin for. Right. Globally, you have to remember, people use Bitcoin  international economy. That's amazing. It allows them to save, not in the real. The real is a currency in Iran that has been completely destroyed by the government there. Despite the fact that they have all this oil, they've destroyed the local currency by spending on wars and propping up Syria and God knows what else, not helping the people. Bitcoin allows Iranians to escape into another currency. They can't get dollars. Dollars are really hard to get there. We're not talking about some little slice of the earth, 70 million people. You can say the same thing about Venezuela.  in  Bitcoin's like, you can track it and it's totally transparent and it's gonna be cool. I know that's part of their sales pitch, but that's not gonna be the case. Already, there's a lot of ways to use Bitcoin in a way that's quite private. And I wanted to go into some of them at some point in our conversation, but it's not gonna work to just naively assume that Bitcoin is this toy for you to invest in and that's it.  Because again, when Satoshi invented Bitcoin, if you read the white paper, you know, it's about creating digital cash, right? Think about what digital cash does. Two main things that you and I and our parents and grandparents in the modern age have used cash for. One is savings. So outside of the bank savings, we withdraw the cash and people make fun of like, oh, you have your savings under your bed. Well, a lot of people around the world still keep their savings under their bed, especially again, people who don't live in the lucky billion, people who live out there in different  It's also like better as many of your guests have pointed out. It's better than gold in many ways. It can teleport It's easily verifiable. It's much more secure much more safe all these things So in many ways Bitcoin does make a pretty good store of value a great one actually However, we have to think about its future and can it do private and small payments, right? The privacy piece is ongoing. The good news is bitcoins program want money. It's not like ossified it continues to work  cash. The merchant doesn't know anything about you. They just know that your payments good. They don't know your home address or what you bought last, what your payment history was. When you make a payment with Bitcoin, they also don't know any of that stuff. They just know that the payment was good. The thing is, as you and I both know, Bitcoin payments can be pricey. The fees are going to get higher and higher in the future. And there's things that people can do to track Bitcoin transactions on the blockchain.  There are a couple others that are out there. Your audience should probably be aware of an upgrade coming soon called Taproot. Again, these are very technical upgrades to Bitcoin, to the operate, you know, sort of the software itself. But one thing that they will be able to understand is that today in Bitcoin, different transactions are like identifiable. So if you're doing like, for example, a multi-signature transaction, or you're opening a lightning channel, or you're doing, you're like,  input signature aggregation, which is a mouthful, but it basically allows like tons of transactions to be accumulated into one in a way that's cost efficient. So here's the cool part. It basically makes things like coin join cheaper. Cause like, what would you rather do pay for 50 individual transactions or just pay for one transaction? So the funny thing is if, if this happens in the future, it could, could totally happen in two to three years, exchanges and corporations may be financially incentivized to  back to the steam theory in Bitcoin, where it turns your self-interest and greed, honestly, into privacy and freedom. And you see it again and again at every different level. So basically, to sum up for your listeners, Bitcoin is programmable. It's becoming more private over time. And the wallets and apps that you use to interact with it are going in a direction where they will allow you to leave less and less of a digital footprint, which is the total opposite of our current surveillance capitalist model, where whenever we do a swipe or a  screw anything up because at the end of the day, what we prize most in Bitcoin is stability. We're never going to have an upgrade come on that we're not all 100% sure is not going to mess with the monetary policy. It's not going to mess with 21 million, etc. So that's basically my way of saying privacy is happening. It's happening because of these great people and you also support it. But even if you don't want to support it, you're going to be forced to support it anyway, because it's going to align with your financial interests. Absolutely.  versus what I'll kind of call the Bitcoin promise of a private decentralized world. Yeah, this is huge. And it's what people are debating right now as we head to the end of the year in 2020. There are two major reasons for that. One was a bill, a draft bill, a very early draft bill introduced by some folks in the modern monetary movement under one of the US congressmen's women's umbrella assessments.  If you want to stop Libra or any of these stablecoin projects, that is the hardest and last thing to do, is to 6102 the population. You know what I mean? And I'm referring to the act, which basically allowed the US government to go collect everybody's gold back in the 30s. OK, 6102. But no, that's so freaking hard and difficult and obviously violates the Constitution. If you want to stop a stablecoin company, just seek a polite meeting with their investors and the team making the freaking stablecoin and ask  stablecoins literally are like representations of the dollar. So of course the US Mint is going to want to be interested in that, like, of course. But eventually they're going to get real interested in Bitcoin as well. Currently, we have a surprisingly cordial relationship, I would say, between Bitcoin and the US government, especially given the efforts of all the good folks in Wyoming, right? I mean, they're making it possible for banks to custody Bitcoin on behalf of users, and you're at like the cutting edge of all that. And you know how surprisingly rosy it all is. And in terms of what  And we can apply pressure. Sure, it works from here to there. It works at times. But generally speaking, the way that we're going to win is through open source software. Okay, so we need to take lessons from the crypto wars of the 90s, right? Where the US government, through various actions, tried to basically ban end-to-end encryption. And they went after this guy, Phil Zimmerman, who had created pretty good privacy, or PGP, which was like the first time you  So now we have Bitcoin and they are also, I would say it's unlikely you're gonna sway them to think that this is gonna be a great thing for them, because it's not. I think there's a lot of great organizations that are gonna help protect Americans' rights, like Coin Center, right, in this area. They do awesome work. But remember, most countries don't have a Coin Center. Coin Center would be illegal in 90 countries. So we have an extra responsibility here in countries like the United States  where the US government hasn't tried to shut him down. So he couldn't have done that in China or Russia, et cetera, et cetera. So people in open societies, we really need to take our responsibilities and privileges seriously. And we need to double down and help make sure Bitcoin is a tool that can actually help people who live in these other countries where they're not going to be able to lobby for better policy in the future. They're not going to be able to protest their government to protect financial privacy. It's not happening in Saudi Arabia or in Nigeria.  feels like we're really seeing kind of a line drawn in the sand. We either pursue policies or we can pursue technology and history would tell us that pursuing technology will trump pursuing policies. That doesn't mean that pursuing the policies isn't important. It doesn't mean that we shouldn't push back when there is frankly misguided or just flat out stupid legislation that is put forward. But at the same time, the technology component of this is one really important, but also two kind of has the final say.  Policy reform and technology are both very important. But remember, billions of people in this world, in fact, the majority of the world population cannot do policy reform. So their only option is technology. They're not going to get a central bank digital, you know, they're going to get a CBC that protects their privacy. I don't think we're going to go either. But it's on the table. It happened. It could happen in Switzerland. It could happen in Sweden. It could happen in Canada. Again, I don't think it will. But it's not impossible. I mean, we could have CBC.