 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have a very special treat for you today. Christian is here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Welcome. I'm super happy to be on the podcast. Super excited. So yeah. Absolutely. Let's just jump right into your background. There's a lot of people who probably know some of the work that you've done, but don't necessarily know your entire story. So where'd you grow up and kind of how did you get into business and investing? Well, broad question.  It was like 90 people. And then we moved to a town which was 2000 people. So it was very sheltered. And I always already early realized that I had two things which sort of are very special, which what I'm happy about is I was always a very happy child. And I was also always very good in school. So and I was really afraid of losing that. So I was like, ah, if I put something in my brain like alcohol, then then maybe I  like I always spoil the party, but like, um, but I don't mind if other people drink, but I just think it's not, it's not a healthy thing to do. And, uh, so I didn't start it. I love that. All right. So you're growing up, uh, there, you moved to this town of 2000 people and then what do you do? Um, well, I went to school, um, and after high school, which is in Germany, high school is like high school plus college in America. So when I was 19, um, I actually had one year of civil service.  back then, but I thought it's really a crime that the government is telling me for one year of my life what to do. So I had this sort of silent revolution that I think it's very bad if I tell it now, but it doesn't matter. It's 20 years ago. So I didn't show up. I was always going to the doctor and saying that I'm sick and I can't go. And I started actually speculating on the stock market. And then I did it for friends and I was managing a bit of money. And so in this one year, I  biology professors and I asked them, okay, hey, what are you doing when you're not tutoring little Christian? And they told me about an idea which was super fascinating. I understood half of it. It was practically simplified said how you switch on and off the human DNA. And I was like, that sounds so great. I might have found the guys to start my company with. And I said, why don't we do it together? And I don't know why they said yes to a 19 year old turning 20, but we didn't know.  that I'm investing, founding and investing. So I'm somewhat in between an entrepreneur and investor. And so when you started that first company and it started to get big, you sold it at some point. What was the thought process between, you know, trying to run the company forever and that being kind of your legacy versus selling it and going and doing other things? How did you kind of think through what you should do? I was always winning. It was never many. First of all, I was the junior partner. So the two guys were running it. Yeah.  that I want to build up a portfolio. Got it. That makes a ton of sense. And so today, basically most of the things that you do are under a Perian investment group. It's kind of family office slash business. How do you kind of think through that, that entity? Well, so it's a pyron or people always say a period was a, was a famous mythological horse, I think. And that pyron it's just the E E I is, is sort of the, the,  largest LP in the funds. So we have sort of outside money in two defined strategies, but in our Python itself, it's just our own capital. And we do three things. We do biotech, which is obviously where I started. We do a lot of FinTech, InsureTech, PropTech, and crypto, which is obviously how we met. And then we also, we do the third thing is DeepTech, which is anything from SpaceTech, AI,  at least one of the most likely the best performing asset class, maybe next to Bitcoin. But I think that's, let's say one of the best performing asset classes. I think really we're going into this golden age of biotech. So what tech was, and obviously tech will still do well, but what tech was the last two decades, I think the next two decades will be biotech. So I'm super excited that practically we're going back where we started and this is why over the last four  the  Also, another driver is that if you look at all the ancillary services you need to start and run a biotech company, they all have the prices of them, like gene sequencing, whatever, buying a genetic modified mouse. So that all has crashed, like partly 99% cheaper, 95% cheaper than it used to be. So many, many factors feeding into that that I think, as I said, biotech is going to be the number one asset class over the next  very important for me that I sort of live my life in a way that I'm happy. And I, I think I am, I wake up in the morning, life is awesome. Like I feel comfortable. It doesn't mean every day is great, but like you sort of, you have a basic sort of happiness feeling. So I want to be happy. Then I want to be healthy, obviously. And once you help healthy and happy, you want to live at least very long, if not forever, at least I want to live as long till I say, look, no more. I had enough Christmases. I had enough birthdays.  things that are much more long-term, like we literally want to make it so that you can live for 200 years, 250 year type stuff. So it's getting there. It's getting to a letter one. So I think, as you said, first of all, obviously you can always say every biotech progress, which avoids us dying, like every cancer treatment, if you don't die of cancer, you're going to live longer and average. Yeah. Although by the way, it's not, I think the number I just read was like, even if we completely would eradicate cancer, um,  very young and hot, but we know how the 20-year-old Anthony looks because your DNA is the same on the day you were born, on the day you were 20, on the day you're 80. But something is happening while the translation of the construction plan for Anthony is changing. So why do we get wrinkles? Why do we get gray hair? So something is going wrong. And philosophically seen because  And some of them were dying. It was like, okay, it must be a punishment of God. And just like very later we found out, no, it's a, it's a bacterium. Yeah. And we can cure it. Yeah. And the same, I think some when we got to see, and we started actually already now to understand why we aging. Yeah. And you can say it is a disease. And once we understand why we aging, we will be able to stop it, slow it down, stop it. And someone will even be able to reverse it. Yeah. So that's natural. That's how humans program.  the guy who basically started talking about, you know, aging is a disease, right? And that's a framework that I think most people don't think of it through. But when you start to really understand kind of what's happening in the body, one, it becomes very fascinating that like, yes, it is more likely that this is a disease than anything. And just so we all get it. But also two is it feels like we've made pretty far advancements in understanding how far have the advancements, though, been in how do we actually address it or how do we  by the way, but have to say I'm a super optimist for technology in general and for progress. But I think we are underestimating exponential growth in biotech. So we all are used to, if you look at our iPhone, what was it like 11 years ago, 12 years ago, there was no iPhone. What was it like? It was 10, 12 years ago, I think it started. Yeah. And if you then see how much has changed and how much progress we had in 10, 12 years.  We have seen in a lot of other technologies, we also seeing in biotech, but the consumer, so to say, will really start realizing that in maybe five years from now. But like I firmly believe like in the next 10 to 20 years, we will see enormous progress in biotech on all fronts, which a lot of people maybe at the moment can't grasp. So if you think that's true, if you're like 40 years old at the moment,  conservative, that we will be able to within the next 20, 30, 40 years to push life expectancy 20 years. So from 80 ish to 100, but that adds another 20 years of optionality. So the way I look at all of that is pure optionality. I want to have optionality because I think we're actually right that at the, how is it inflection point where this all takes off. And my view is if I survive the next 20 years,  life when the next breakthrough is happening, if it makes sense. Absolutely. And last thing on the longevity before we move on is just what do you do personally in terms of kind of positioning yourself for the highest probability or longest life? Are there things that you eat or drink or, you know, certain habits that you have that, that you're focused on? Well, I have a lot. So I, I tried because I'm okay. This, I'm also very geeky in that. So I, I, I take, I think like 40 pills a day.  one is not getting, not having an accident. So if you avoid, if you're 40 and if you avoid having cancer, a cardiovascular disease or an accident, the likelihood that you're still around when you're 60 is actually pretty high. So my whole regime is centered around risk mitigation. So I'm not skiing. I'm really wherever I can. I'm not going on a German Autobahn because driving a car is insanely risky.  five, six core things, like no alcohol, no smoking. I'm obsessed with sleep. So I think you have to, meaning we have, there is this great book because I can tell you now in five minutes what that guy has put in a book, which is amazing. It's called Why We Sleep from Matthew Walker. And it just shows you the statistics, what's happening with your body when you sleep too little. Yeah. So for example, I try to have the luxury to not wake up with an alarm clock. So I always try to  I don't have any calorie intake for 16 hours a day. So I do every day forever, like since years intermittent fasting, because it's the way I can integrate it easy in my life. Checkup is super important. Yeah. A lot of bad things you see happening, like you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can  beta-struck, which seems to have a very positive effect on aging. Got it. And then from a diet standpoint, you said intermittent fasting, but when you do eat, do you eat any specific type of diet? I try to do, but I think there is a little bit more complicated. I don't think it's a little bit also how your body reacts on certain stuff. So I don't, I do a low carb diet, but because I know I react badly on carbs, at least on the sort of  And kind of how big of a problem it is, but also what some of the solutions are. Just walk me through kind of why you're so interested in this space. Okay. Why I'm interested. I mean, it came a little bit by, I told you like on a one side, I was always interested for myself, completely egoistic in being happy. And I actually, I think, or not, I think I'm sure I have to attribute it to my parents. So my parents always gave me, I have a super relationship. They gave me all the love I needed and they always sort of gave me the  mental health when it was a depression and sort of the very sort of the defined illness, but what always negatively fascinated me that if you look at humans, like while maybe 15% of the world population have really like a clinically diagnosed mental health issue, like depression or whatever, I think there are very little people who truly would say that they are happy. So I think there is a huge party in between like who would say, well, I'm not depressed.  And they told him, they said, oh, you need to loosen up Christian a bit because then he could drink alcohol with us tonight. So they were thinking like, this guy could convince Christian to drink one glass of alcohol. Yeah. And so they sat next to him and were like, this guy can tell you, you're not going to die when he's drinking alcohol. I was like, look, I know I'm not going to die. The only better way and the only reason why I'm so strictly not drinking alcohol now is because the social pressure is so high once you start. So the good thing is that you're not going to die.  sides, then downsides, I'm completely up for it. Or let's think about it. And he pulled up actually a chart. And for everybody who's watching, you need to watch the chart or Google it. Because it's now a colleague of him here in London, who in the meantime is also a good acquaintance, Professor David Knott, like N-U-T-T. And if you Google David Knott chart, then his famous chart comes up. What he did, he ranked every single drug, legal and illegal,  And then at the very end, practically no risk came all the psychedelics like MDMA, magic mushrooms, LSD. And this guy, this is why I can't say the name was like Christian, don't touch the rest. Don't even touch alcohol. Yeah. Don't touch heroin. Obviously don't touch anything of these bad stuff because you see it's bad, but you should do actually psychedelics and he should especially do magic mushrooms. And I was like, look, you're insane. Like it's an illegal drug. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.  Hoffman, who was the guy who synthesized LSD. So he was like, let me send you all the studies. This was so well researched in the sixties and fifties. And then it became purely illegal for, for political reasons. It should have never gotten illegal. Um, and you were a biotech guy, so you're going to understand it. Let me say, I was like, okay, I'm always up for new stuff. So that's one of the things in life. I think you need to, by the way, and I believe, sorry, when I'm jumping now, but this is an integral part of staying healthy, healthy, meaning young in your brain.  legal. They were used as a medication. We had all the studies in the sixties and it was a pure political reasons why they, why they went became illegal. So it's sticking my mind. It took me a year though. So I'm less adventurous maybe as some might think. So in then, and I also, I'm very spiritual. I believe that things are happening at the right moment in the right moment in life and time. So one year later I was with my dearest friends in the Caribbean, which is a  emphasize how important groundbreaking that was. Why? That's very hard to describe. That's one of the sort of, I try, but like as a disclaimer before the problem, on a problem, the beauty is that you go on a completely different, as a disclaimer,  sort of everybody, even if somebody would say he's an atheist, religion is so ingrained in our life that if I used the word, let's, for the, if I used the word God or soul, you gonna have an immediate idea in your mind that it might be different from what I try to say. So, so it's really a problem of language because our, especially religious terms are so loaded with history and emotions and personal belief.  And, um, in a very positively meant naked, pure form, your college, your soul, your inner self, your whatever, you know what I mean? Like, and, and, uh, and this gives you so much insights. You could say this is like the positive effects of psychotherapy within what other people would achieve of 10,000 hours of psychotherapy you achieve in four hours of trip. Yeah. And that is so valuable.  So also all of my trips, they have been similar and different with the messages or the learnings I had at different points over the last years and they change. And this is the beauty of it. What is the kind of manifestation of this in terms of where you're putting capital or the companies that you're building? I know you've got a tie. I know you a compass like that. There's kind of a whole bunch of stuff that's going on. How do you think about where you're actually investing? And then how do you think about  level of happiness, I completely understood what I had read before purely on paper that why it works for people who have depression, anxiety, addiction, any form of mental health issue. So I was like, it needs to be legal again. And then I was actually looking around because I was convinced somebody needs to work on that because these are so powerful substances. And then nobody did. I mean, not in this millennia, so to say, because it was completely, again,  This was all, again, now everybody talks about psychedelics and you have books about it and people are open about it. But it was really like, this was a fringe science and scientists were there. So it's always very important. Yeah, I want to make clear because it's obvious, but I did not invent psychedelics. I'm standing on the shoulders of giants. There's cool people who are not around anymore, like Shulgin or Hoffman or whatever, but they are still also very amazing people from  more openly because it's so positive. And so you shouldn't be afraid because the first two years I was not like now on the podcast, like I was telling my parents, I was telling like friends, yeah, but I was very holding back. Yeah. Because a lot of people said, don't talk about it. I mean, you're in finance, like you're an investor. I have a lot of politicians as friends, like don't talk about magic mushrooms. And so on this one trip, which was a very defining one, the message actually  It was like a college drug maybe in America, but I haven't done it. And he had not talked about it for 20 years or whatever. So the next day, the phone is, my phone is ringing, it's Mike. And he was like, Christian, you can't believe it. This is such a rare or weird coincidence. You told me about magic mushrooms yesterday for the first time in 20 years. And one day later, he said, my sister called me. She's on Bali with a crazy couple from London.  it and needed a seed investor. But back then, most of the people said again, don't touch that, can't put money in. Most of the venture funds said, who? We don't know. By the way, although everything we do at Compass and Attai is completely legal because we've run in clinical trials. Anyway, so I met George and Katya, amazing human beings. And after 15 minutes, I was like, you know what? I'm in. I'm giving you the money you need to start Compass. And I called Mike.  Compass was always focused on, let me please be precise, the active ingredient in magic mushrooms and the artificial synthetic version, which is called psilocybin. And the more than I dived into it, this was now 2017, the more I dived into it, I realized, well, there are more psychedelic drugs. And by the way, the brain is also a very complex organ. So there will never be a one drug fits all. There will not even be  which is the only known compound or only known drug we know, which is completely or has the potential to completely eradicate addiction. Yeah, so if it's used actually in Mexico already in clinics to get people off even heroin and opioids, which is one of the strongest forms of addiction, there are new versions of ketamine who can be very supportive or very helpful against depression. So there are so many. So Compass wanted to focus on  stop, they were just very fringe. They were not commercial. They didn't know how to raise money. And it's even a different challenge to know everything about a truck, how it works, and then to structure a clinical trial, whatever. So our tie is way more than a holding. We have a strong clinical trial team. We have obviously a strong finance team fundraising. We raised more than $200 million over the last two years. And we started actually partnering  platform and have now more than 12 new mental health drugs in the pipeline in various stages of clinical trials. Got it. And so when you think about kind of where the psychedelic space is going, is this something where we'll continue to see kind of acceptance in the medicinal space and it'll be much more heavily regulated. It'll be for mental health and other type of health issues.  It's not marijuana, it's not cannabis. It's waste all these psychedelics starting from magic mushrooms. They are way stronger, way more potent, which is the beauty of them, but they were never recreational drugs, never. So while Mariana was always used as sort of the recreational party side, if you look, and I'm very, very also trying to understand and learn more always about the history of psychedelics,  the therapist. So this is not a smarty drug, you pop it home and then the disease miraculously goes away. Yeah. So big part of the healing is that you do the trip together with your therapist. And by the way, you might have a bad trip. I don't like the word because bad trips can also be incredibly healing, but they can be very, very challenging. So I like the word challenging trip. Yeah. So, and then especially then, and by the way, especially when  pro and these are to be precise and very pro decriminalization. So you have practically three pockets. You have the medical pocket, definitely. Then you have the, should it be legal and sold everywhere? Definitely not. Yeah. And then you have sort of these decrim, like should people who grow it themselves, who know what they're doing, who maybe do it with a very spiritual background, that should be totally fine. Yeah. And a lot of countries, by the way, like the Netherlands, Portugal, parts of the US now hand  in my first and in the following trip. So everything was right. I had also the money to go to the Caribbean to be at a nice place. So, but ultimately a tie and compass, we're doing that stuff because there are hundreds of millions of people out there who have a really a mental health issue. Yeah. There are more than, more than 300 million people who suffer from depression. And most likely that it's just the official number, the inefficient number because  powerful drugs.  fundraising, strategy, vision, but I'm not a good operator. So I shouldn't run a business. So this is what I realized is why. So, so I'm not doing it. Yeah. This way, even for a tie, I found it a time myself, but I teamed up with great guys, Florian Sweeney, who running the day-to-day business. And I'm doing that super well. So, but like, because I'm in my heart, I'm an entrepreneur. I'm like extremely hands on and trying to support my portfolio companies wherever I can.