 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Jed here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Yeah, thanks for having me. For sure. Let's just get started with your background. You've got this kind of very extensive technology driven background. Where did you get started in the business and technology world? And how do we eventually get to Stellar? Yeah, I mean, I've been programming for a really long time, probably since, you know, third or fourth grade. Yeah.  working on and, uh, you know, my dinner ethos. And do you remember the first time that you ever heard about Bitcoin or like what your thought was when you saw it? Yeah, it was summer of 2010. Uh, there was like the first article, like there was a slash start article about it. And, um, you know, I haven't, I hadn't even read slash that in years, but, but I was just kind of looking for another project and kind of like looking around and I came across it and I was like, uh, really surprised that somebody had, was able to solve this problem because  like, you know, summer of 2010, kind of immediately I was like, well, I got to want to play around with this. I want to buy some of these things. And there was a really good way to do that at the time. So then I said, OK, fine. I'll just build an exchange. Like, it was pretty clear that it needed that kind of thing and built that over the course of like two weeks. And I you know, this is so early in Bitcoin's history. It was like very there's maybe two thousand people on Bitcoin talk, which is like the extent of people that knew about it at all. So it's just very unclear what it was going to happen with it or what it's going to do.  you or what was your thought process at the time? Um, so I thought, like, I thought it was an awesome idea and would have loved to see it like take off in the world and like the huge, it seemed kind of like a long shot that that would happen just because it was so small and like the, the, the, the idea of like audacity and like saying, Hey, we're going to make this new currency that everyone's been adopted over the world is pretty huge. Right. And so, so, uh, you know, I thought, you know, these things only kind of worked to the extent that other people kind of buy into them and like, then like also  I think most people were hopeful, but kind of cautiously optimistic, I guess. They just thought this would take a lot longer. And it was cool to see how fast it got adopted widely. Absolutely. And so basically you end up selling Mt. Gox, Ripple, Stellar. How do we get from Mt. Gox to Stellar? Yeah. So like I said, I kind of just didn't know how to get to Stellar.  I think pretty confident and that you guys can all look up that history if you don't already know. But and then I was thinking about other like basically I've always thought Bitcoin is this awesome idea, but I was kind of bothered by the mining aspect of it. Like it's it uses obviously uses like a type of resources. There's a way to solve this consensus problem without doing that. It would be great. Right. So I kind of like started thinking about other ways to like solve like the double spin problem, which is what mining in Bitcoin does is like solve this problem.  in the first place or like what like crypto in the first place was still there and it's like kind of hard to get away from. And so then I set up Stellar with kind of like the intent to just kind of make this network the way that I think is most beneficial for the world. Got it. So let's start with just kind of a one-on-one of what is Stellar, how does it work? And when you describe it to people who know nothing about cryptocurrencies or anything like what's that description? Yeah. So the basic problem that we're trying to solve is if you know anything  was very much like the way the world was before the internet. And the idea behind buying Stellar is just how do you make this interoperable layer where all these things can communicate with each other. So not just in financial networks, but in the currencies. So if you're holding pesos in Mexico and you want to send $5 to somebody in Italy, that's really not even possible today in the affordable way. So Stellar is a way to do that.  Central party. I mean maybe listeners know all this stuff, but but but but there's no there's no person that you have to like absolutely trust So like if you have two financial institutions that don't necessarily know each other now they can go through this distributed ledger To be able to transact even though they maybe not trust each other and they just don't have a formal relationship with each other And so it's it's kind of the like the core like blockchain idea is what kind of unlocks this ability to be able to make this this internet level  that it's useful to have representations of money that you're used to using in these same digital networks. You want to be able to have your US dollars operate with your Ethereum and operate with your yen or whatever. These things all need to be in the same ecosystem and that unlocks all this power. That's the idea behind sellers, that you can represent any value and you can trade this value amongst each other.  start to allow is you can have shares of Apple or shares of stock. And then when you go to spend, they just get seamlessly converted into whatever. So it allows you to just do very different things than what's done today and gives people a lot more flexibility. Like right now, one of the big things we're working on is this dollar savings project, where it's basically like a mobile consumer app. And it allows people in places with really high inflation, like, say, Argentina, to be able to save their money in dollars.  There's a lot of interest and a lot of hype around it. A lot of people like it, but when you go and look like how people actually using this in the real world, that's pretty still very nascent. There's still not a lot of like, you don't have a million users using it every day for actual transactions, things like that. And I think it's because all of these things depend really heavily on network effects. You need lots of people in the world to be kind of on board before they're useful. Particularly something like Stellar, where it's all about payments. So if you can only pay  been a really big year for us. The team has grown a lot. You know, I think, you know, there's more, more accounts on the network. There's way more transactions we've had. I think, I don't figure what the stats are, but I think like 90% of our operations over the lifetime of history have been in this last year. Like it's just the popularity is just increasing like quite a bit. So, but so, so while listening to things are going great, I mean, I think there's still obviously when I'm done, there's still a lot of work to do, but yeah, we're definitely the right track. Got it. And how do you look at yourself  different problems. The problem Bitcoin is solving is very different than what Ethereum is solving, which is very different than what Stellar is solving. Ethereum is basically this generic universal computation thing that isn't tailored for payments specifically. We do obviously using it for that, whereas Stellar is designed to fill this very narrow niche. It's not narrow because everyone sends payments, but it's a specific one.  Okay, we're basically giving people the tools to build all kinds of stuff that they want to build. And you're really focused, I think, on making sure those tools work and operate correctly. How do you think about where we're headed? Right? You know, 10 years from now, is this a world where every stock bond currency commodity is digitized and it's on these networks and like, it's kind of the, you know, Bitcoinization of the world and tokenization of the world? Or is it something that maybe isn't as audacious in terms of, you know, kind of that final state or  There is some limit to it and there will still like people like the general population probably doesn't want to deal with their own secret key and it's probably not safe for them to think that so there will have to be like solutions around that that'll end up looking not that different than what we have like, you know, there'll probably things like a global Venmo things like that but but but uh, but the user experience will be very similar to what they're used to now or it'll have more capabilities than what they can do today, right? And so I think all that is it's really good but  Put aside for a second who wins, who doesn't win, you know, kind of how it plays out from the challenger side. Just if you're an incumbent, you've got to feel like, you know, the technology industry is coming for us. What do you think is kind of the rational response from them? And is it something where some of them adapt and end up surviving while some die? Or are we looking at potentially like a full blown disruption of the entire industry? And basically none of them can keep up and there's entirely new players.  accepting Bitcoin like squares, obviously very like crypto forward, things like this. So some companies are realizing that this is the way that things are going to be in the future and they're moving that direction. So I think, you know, in summer just moving much more slowly. But I think it is inevitable and just like any big change, like there's going to be some people that get it and there's just going to be some that don't, right? So, you know, I mean, like PayPal, for instance, they banned, like I used to take  time on Stellar. What do you think about some of the other things that are going on? Is this a world where you're like, hey, look, you know, Bitcoin, Stellar and then tokenization of assets or like, how do you kind of just think about the things that you're personally interested in and where you spend your time? Yeah, I mean, obviously there's just a ton going on and crypto space in general. And so it's very hard to like keep track of it all. And, you know, frankly, I don't spend that much time thinking about projects outside of Stellar. Like, I mean, there's so much to do with the Stellar network that  Because all of these things have pretty bad scaling properties. If you compare them to just a database that you can shard and all this kind of stuff. So you have to come up with methods for how this is going to work long term. And so that's what we're spending a lot of time doing now. How does this work in the win condition? How does it actually get millions and millions of people on these networks? So yeah, so we have some ideas around that.  you think about it and kind of, is there anything that you guys are doing from Stellar? I saw you guys put out an announcement or kind of a statement. Just talk through that piece of legislation. Sure. Yeah. Um, yeah, we've put out a blog post about it that kind of goes into it. I mean, I, I appreciate the, uh, idea behind it. I, what I assume is the ideas that they want to like, uh, you know, protect consumers from, from like, you know, losing all their money, right? Which is, you know, which is something that obviously needs to happen. But, but I mean, this, this particular piece of legislation seems like, like poorly  like kind of calcified dinosaurs and there's no, there's nothing that they're competing against, which is like what drives all of this improvement for consumers, right? So it just seems like a very bad approach to me. So yeah. And to me, what was so interesting about when they announced the legislation or the proposed legislation was basically saying like, Hey, we're doing this for financial inclusion. Like the banks have always preyed on everybody. So instead of allowing kind of free market competition and innovation to take hold,  cases where people have no access to banking in some third world country and like, Hey, now with an internet connection, but just maybe in the more developed world, like where do you see that happening? Is it affecting a certain portion of the population? Like, you know, the bottom 50% of Americans, uh, is it something where, Nope, this is going to be pervasive and everybody, regardless of socioeconomic status are going to end up using this stuff. Just talk through that financial inclusion component and kind of where you see a lot of the technology fitting. Sure. Yeah. I mean, we've spent a lot of time working, uh, on financial inclusion at SDF. Um, I mean, that was kind of our,  because they make it where they just take out a lot of friction from the system. One of the things that was causing financial exclusion, I guess, before is because it was just very expensive for banks to actually serve these people. If they couldn't make a certain amount per customer, then it just wasn't feasible for them to do it because their systems were just old and cumbersome, and it was actually expensive for them to help these people. Whereas if you have  Well, right. So that's. And it's the thought process that eventually, you know, take an average consumer, whether the United States or developing a country, all of their interaction with the financial system will be done through algorithms and networks and kind of decentralized type applications. Or do you think that there still will be this like coexistence hybrid world where maybe I have a traditional bank account at a centralized entity, but then I also use some of these other pieces of technology to earn more interest or kind of,  And so, you know, if you want interest on things, like somebody has to be like, like originating these loans and all that kind of thing. So there's still a lot of like places where traditional financial players need to kind of be in the ecosystem. I think what things like, like Stellar and crypto do is just make it where it's just much more flexible and makes it where it's like a much more even playing field where, where, you know, there's just less gatekeepers to the system. Like if, if, if, if you're a new intro, like say, like someone sets up like a new like user first  in terms of the different bodies of work that you guys are actively pursuing right now? Sure. Yeah. So we're about 80 people right now. And we're focused on like several things. I mean, we kind of have like, so the entity is the Delaware Development Foundation, which was kind of the nonprofit that was set up to shepherd this Delaware network. And so we do a few things. We make sure that the core code base keeps getting maintained and like getting moved forward. And like I said, like work on things like  you know, talking to partners and like introducing partners to each other, facilitating connections between them. One of the things that I mentioned earlier is that we're making this dollar savings app, it's called Vibrant. It's mainly focused in Argentina. And the idea there is that, you know, people in Argentina, they suffer like really high inflation, they can like convert their pesos into dollars and hold them in this app and they can send it, send it around with amongst each other and things like that. So, so efforts like that, where we spend like trying to make stellar,  who the technology is and then like new side of like, how do we actually make it where this is useful? So it's been a lot of time. Everyone wants to show you what shiny thing they can do with the tech, but the user doesn't necessarily care. Of course, before I let you go, I always ask the same two questions to everyone and then you'll get to ask me one to finish up. The first is what is the most important book that you've ever read? And if you don't read a lot of books, you can say any piece of content. Sure. The most important, but I mean, there's a ton of really good books. I don't know. I mean, one of the  It's like a fixed set of letters, but you can make essentially infinite amounts of content with it. And it's just a very interesting whole plug. So yeah, that's one of my favorites. Second question is more fun. Aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? I don't know. I go back and forth. They used to be pretty convinced that they had to be there somewhere. The fact that we don't see them or haven't seen them in so long makes me wonder if we are, in fact, alone, at least in kind of our life.  It's weird that we haven't seen them. I'm definitely in the camp of we don't want them to find us. We want to find them for sure. You could ask me one question to wrap up. What do you got for me? Well, you have a question. Yeah. Well, so yeah, what is what's the most interesting thing that you've seen in the last year? Yeah. I mean, I think the easy answer is Bitcoin, right? Just in terms of like that, that kind of has the capture the hearts and minds of not only the retail side and kind of the everyday person, but also the institution. But  about their fancy football teams and all this nonsense. And somebody said something about crypto and he was like, Oh, you can get rich there. Cool. Like, you know, how do I get an account and what do I buy? Right. You know, kind of the classic story. And he said, what that set him off on though, over the last three or four years was basically went down the rabbit hole. He started to learn about what is money, you know, financial infrastructure, kind of monetary policy, all the financial inclusion stuff, like just all the things that I think once you've spent a lot of time looking at this stuff, you're like, Hey, this stuff's important. And I wish no more people knew about it.  I still feel better off because I got educated during this process. And so to me, like we're now reaching the point where like you're starting to have enough content in the space, you're starting to have enough information, you're starting to have enough people where you can see like a true impact on society. And so it's kind of cool just to think about like if that trend continues, you know, 20 years from now, 10 years from now, like, yeah, actually, probably you're kind of vision of like, you know, people in the developing world, like, yeah, actually, a lot of them probably do interact with this stuff, right? Even in the developed world. And I think that ultimately, like that,  They're basically in the United States running trillion dollar marketing campaigns for, Hey, we could just like edit our bank account. Like, Oh, okay. I can't do that. Right. So like, I, the nice thing you guys can, uh, where can we send people to find you on the internet or find out more about Steller? Sure. Yeah. Uh, I mean, our website's not org and our Reddit is pretty active. Uh, our stellar, um, I mean my Twitter account, I never released Twitter, but it's there. If you want to, I occasionally retweet, uh, just at Jen, Michaela.