 What is the profile?  the world's most successful people and companies.  mushy. You know what I mean? They're not like Elon Musk says be original. Okay. Well, how are you more original? So that's kind of the premise. So speaking of Elon Musk, let's just jump into him. What exactly did you write about for him? So Elon Musk, the way I kind of start get the ideas for these dossiers is I start with an idea first. So for me for Musk, the idea was, okay, he's the most original, innovative and radical thinker  problems of humanity. Okay. And so as you're doing this, like the process as you read as many books, articles, listen as many podcasts, YouTube videos, et cetera on him. And what were the kind of takeaways that you took after consuming every single piece of content you could find about Elon Musk? So the fascinating thing about Elon Musk is that when he looks at you, when he looks at another human, he doesn't see a human being. He seems a comp, he sees a computer. In other words, he looks at your brain.  And the Bachelorette and shows like that your hardware will be shaped in a certain way. Whereas if you're reading things like the profile and the pump letter, it, you will be dangerous with knowledge. So I thought that was really interesting. And do we feel like that's why he says smart is just cause he read so much information and he basically just consumed more than everybody else. So no, I think that Elon is, he's a very interesting person because he basically challenges the status quo in ways that most people don't.  since  his curiosity, he's able to concoct a recipe that's never existed before. And that's also what makes him creative. Okay. So speaking of a chef, Grant Atkins, who is, uh, I think at one point the number one chef in the world, or at least was the chef at the number one restaurant in the world. Uh, he's has a wild story. What'd you learn about him? Okay. This is probably my favorite profile dossier that I've ever worked on just because I think Grant Atkins is one of the most creative people  out of plates and use forks and use this motion to eat. Like these are things that we just take for granted. And we are like, of course you eat from a plate. What do you, what else are you going to eat from? But he considers his cooking and his dining experience a, um, he, he calls it, uh, it's called a linear it's in Chicago. He calls it one third laboratory, one third sensorium and one third theater. So he looks at the whole idea as, um, a story. And I think the part that's so interesting about grant is,  that actually they, uh, the majority of your taste comes from your sense of smell and sense of, uh, vision. So the way something looks. So one of his favorite things that he does at his restaurant is he makes a tomato that looks like a strawberry. So you're in your brain. You're like, I'm about to eat a strawberry. I'm about to eat a strawberry. And you're like, Oh my God, I think this tastes like a tomato, but it's, it's, it's, it's tricking you. You know what I mean? It's magic. All right. Uh, Sarah Blakely, who is one of the best  and  She  that's one of them. He talking to strangers recently came out. He basically says, what I'm really interested in is joy and intellectual play. The unexpected turns that ideas can make is to my mind, one of the greatest pleasures of being alive. So he talks a lot about idea generation. When you don't have an idea, he recommends like go on a walk, take like, make, make it a point to notice things in your neighborhood. You've never noticed go to the library. He says that when you use  me  So that means that they didn't believe in anything government funded. So she didn't get to go to a hospital when she almost like cut her hand off and she didn't get to go to school. So, so her family life was incredibly turbulent. She was, she decided to self educate and take the SATs because she had an older brother who had gone to college. And she was a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,  It's kind of sad. It is sad, but like, what do you think about when you heard her story? I think it's just, you know, there's people like that all around the world that we just don't consider living in the United States or North America with internet access and great education and things like that. But at the same time, you know, if you kind of think back to, I knew people who had never traveled outside of the state they grew up in or the city they grew up in. And so this is like that on steroids. But I think it's more common than we probably realize.  racist, homophobic, and sexist views because of her views were her dad's views. Like she didn't know anything else. Um, the only way she says she was able to change her mind was that people let her express her beliefs out loud, which allowed her to hear the way it sounded, uh, when they would challenge why she thought that she would get to explain, et cetera. So she says they weren't really my words. They came from somewhere else, but here's, here's what she said.  Anyone who's seen his story, who's watched his work, I think is a general fan because of the way that he carried his life out. The sad part of the story is obviously he passed away. And so you went down this deep rabbit hole. And I remember when you told me you were going to do it, I was like, wow, you're going to learn so much, basically telling everything. And then you wrote this piece and it's a grand slam. So what were the tips and tricks that you took out of Anthony Borregg?  he says is you should go rogue when you travel. So he once said that traveling to Paris to see the Eiffel tower is lethal to the soul because you're actually, it's the places that are off the beaten path and the ones that put you out of your comfort zone that, you know, are the ones that teach you something. Right? So he says, uh, we tend to be over concerned with safety and with cleanliness in ways that stand between us. So he had a rule whenever he went to a different country, whatever they gave him, he would eat.  It's the imperfection, the things that leave an after chase. Those are the memories that you probably have. Yeah. Basically he's like, look, I'm not going to travel around the world and just go see all the places everyone else sees. I want to go actually experience them as if I was a local living here. And I think anyone who's traveled before knows that is the best way to travel. Um, and then talk a little bit about his thoughts around like sharing memories with people, uh, over a meal. Yeah. So one of the biggest lessons I learned from him is that he says no matter where you go,  some better advice is Martha Stewart. Now you haven't published this one yet, but we're going to talk about it. Um, give you a little sneak peek. What did you learn about Martha Stewart? So long before there were social media influencers, there was Martha freaking Stewart and she was more powerful. Like imagine Martha. Well, I guess you can because there is social media today, but when she started, if there was social media, she would be everywhere. So in the year 2000, she had two magazines, 27 books, a weekday radio,  before she was, uh, anyway, it doesn't matter. So what did you learn? I think that, I think that Martha Stewart super interesting because there's a lot of people who can reach the top, right? Like they can build the S. It takes a lot to stay on top and she's been able to do it and redo it with generation after generation. And she went from, she took something called women's work, which is cleaning, gardening, cooking, and turn it into a billion dollar empire. And the way she  is  He's fantastic. What'd you learn when you did a deep dive on him and you also interviewed him? Yeah, man, Brandon Stanton. This is one of those people that I've been admiring his work for so long. So to get to actually speak to him, uh, was really cool for me, but he, he's a cool guy. He, um, he spent the, so basically here's this quick bio in 2010, he was, uh, he had graduated from the university of Georgia like me, and he was a bond trader. He was working as a bond trader in Chicago. And then.  When you go to business school, a lot of people say, okay, you're going to start a company. What's your business plan? And I think a lot of times the best businesses actually don't have a clear path to profitability or business plan or blueprint of any sort. I, when I started the profile on 2017, I never thought it would become a business. And Brandon, when he started photographing strangers on the street, he never thought he would make money off of it. And that would be his living. Um, so sometimes I think just the passion overwhelmed.  So Courtney was a tough one to do actually, because, um, she went on Joe Rogan's podcast. She's done a few, but she's just one of those people. That's a very matter of fact. Like for example, if so she, she's a, she, she's a really long distance runner. Um, she won the Moab two 40, which is a 240.3 mile foot race through some of Utah's most challenging terrain. It took her 58 hours and she beat her.  I'm fine. Like she's very matter of fact. Um, the, the thing that I like about her is that she's mastered. She believes that her strength is being able to master the art of suffering. Um, so she's managed to stay calm through bouts of severe nausea, a bleeding head injury and temporary blindness. And here's how. So she calls it, she, this is something that she calls it the pain cave. So she's an endurance runner. So she talks about,  control of it and you know where you're going, there's this element of like you're addicted to the pain so you keep putting yourself into it. Do you think that because you know that there's gonna be pain, you're kind of like eager to, like your brain isn't as shocked when it happens? Of course. But it's also I think that part of what the training does is they train for the pain, right? And it almost becomes meditative at some weird like way, right? What is not meditative is arguing with your significance.  best you can, except Gottman's very scientific and mathematical in his approach. So he, um, he's developed models, scales, and formulas to better predict marital stability and divorce in couples. His research focuses on the process of conflict within a marriage, the way couples fight and reconcile, and less on the content of the actual argument. And I thought that was so interesting. He, he and his wife, um, also a researcher, they teamed up and did this like love  the four horsemen of the apocalypse.  your partner is a bird enthusiast, which I am, and they, and they point out a pretty bird as you're on your walk. If the other person turns their head to look at the bird, that can signify whether your relationship is going to work or not, because over a long period of time, decades and decades, just, you know, um, giving that other person that little bit of attention, uh, builds connection over time.  What would you say is your favorite part about doing the profile dossier? I think for me, it's I've always been a big like observer of people. I don't like being the center of attention. I like observing other people. And I think that this really by listening to so many of their conversations and reading about them and seeing them do interviews, it lets you kind of be in their brain for a little bit and see how they think, you know? I agree. What have you learned? Because you've read every single one of them.  and it kind of focuses you on work rather than like the dream of being successful. Out of the ones that you've read, which like lesson or thing has stayed with you? It's probably not just one. I just like Grant Atkins, Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. Akshan's. A  makes you just average. Like we have to keep reinventing and keep trying new things. Yeah. And I think the other piece of this too, that that's really interesting is when you think about the best way to learn, uh, to me is studying people who are successful. And why is that? Because it's just actionable things. Like you don't need to know, oh, you know, I mean, yes, you need to know two plus two, but like there's a calculator, right? And learning two plus two isn't necessarily going to make you successful, but understanding  something similar instead of like these abstract concepts where like I never liked history because history was like, well, World War I, but if you gave me a person in World War I in their life journey and how it affected them, I would remember it would stick with me for much longer than just World War I. Guns.