 All right, guys, bang, bang. I think I have the like Twitter bad boy on the episode today. This guy literally says whatever the hell he wants. Uh, Mike is here. Thank you so much for doing this, man. Yeah. Thanks for having me. All right. We're just going to start with the two most important questions. Everyone wants to know. I ask every billionaire that comes on the podcast. How did you, what did you do when you got your first billion dollars? You are the newest billionaire. What did you do? Oh my God.  inside of the virtual reality world. He's super rich, but in the real world, he lives inside of like a crate that is like one of these shipping crates. He's super poor, but it doesn't matter because we're living online now. And so that kind of wealth means something. So I don't know, maybe I am a kind of billionaire. Maybe Lorena was onto something. When I saw this, and I'll get you to tell a story in two seconds, but I saw all these other people joking around or whatever, but the most prescient comment that I saw was somebody was like,  I mean, the backstory is just right. I get into this flame war with a politician. It's the politician responsible for AB5, which is this bill in California that effectively, once Gavin Newsom signed it, put out of work potentially millions of people, if it were followed. The law makes independent contracting work effectively illegal. It's just like no one listened to it because they were like, this is too crazy. There's no way that our politicians meant for this to have happened. They did, which begs the question, are they stupid?  the tech industry. I mean, she's clearly at war with the industry. It doesn't really make sense to me. I mean, if you are, I mean, she's a, she's a labor activist, kind of socialist light type person. If you want, like, I mean, if you have the vision of ostensibly what the far left has, which is like building, I mean, probably the steel man version of this is to build some kind of utopia with the wealth of these evil billionaires in the world. Well, you need tax revenue and the technology industry provides  goes to nine about this, like, about this kind of thing. And, um, all the talking points, you write down the list, but I mean, to even like, to like personalize it though, to sort of say that I made the money off of exploiting people was super confusing, right? Like, where does that come from? And I think where it comes from is, um, she really believes that I think she really believes what she's saying. She really believes that the world is filled with like,  And he's like, so I don't know why everyone's complaining about going to college. Like they should just do X, Y, and Z, you know, be a trust fund kid. What he's implying there is that, um, the people who can afford to go to college are trust fund kids. And then there's everybody else. Literally he conceives of the world. Um, and this is like rich people do this. Um, for sure. Like this certain kind of rich person does this, but also the certain kind of like leftist person does this as well. Um, also a lot of times it's one in the same, but there's this belief that,  And that was unfathomable to her. I had to either be misinformed or an evil billionaire. That was it. Those were the only two things. I loved at one point where she said like you were harassing her, I think. Yeah. Well, that's how it evolves. And that's the next thing. This is broader than Lorena, right? There's this trend now among, we've seen it among journalists, not a lot. I don't want to like really just be unfair to journalists today.  of them is nefarious in some way. If it happens a lot, if it's relentless, it must be harassment. And you'll see people complain about harassment who have, for example, 200,000 Twitter followers and work for the New York Times, one of the biggest media companies in the entire world. And it's just like, no, if you're writing something on Twitter, these are people who are saying things on Twitter that are either unfair or untrue, we have to be able to criticize you. And if you're working in government,  has very clear laws around it, has very clear kind of understanding of what that's supposed to be. But now we're getting in this like gray world of like, Oh, you have freedom of speech, but really only if you say things I like, because I won't come back at you. I won't, you know, take it a step further. I won't escalate it or whatever. So it's almost like there's freedom of speech that is protected by law, which is all the important things that you and I probably put a lot of weight on along with a lot of other people. But then there's this like almost degradation of freedom of speech when it comes to the gray area.  I'm definitely one of them. Have this belief that maybe things are much worse today than they've ever been before in terms of what people are free to say and culturally. And that's, you know, there was maybe some golden age a hundred years ago or something, 200 years ago. And I don't know. I think certainly things feel really, they feel worse today than they did in our own lifetime, maybe 10 or 20 years ago, but also we're now living online. So we're all super, super immersed in  and it feels wrong. While we're now in this like global tribe, or I mean, that's, we're not is the thing, right? Like you can't have a global tribe. But I think what's happening online is we're trying to come to consensus with a bunch of people who are never going to come to consensus. And the harder we try and the worse we fail at this, the more insane we all feel like we're going. And so you have people who are taking new actions, maybe that they never would have before. So we talked about this  thing is a natural result of people feeling like they're going insane online.  There's a little conversation about them, but you can't be hateful about it. And this is like, it can't be targeted. It can't be harassment, but also, I mean, there are certain things you could say that wouldn't be harassment that are just not allowed. For example, you could say that, I don't know, probably in, so in the UK, you can't say that, I'm trying to think of a good one. That one woman, she's like this conservative person who's always getting attacked  provided you're not, and this is the allowance that, not the allowance, this is the, this is the one caveat that we seem to have in this country, which is like, you can't be inciting real world actual physical violence. You can't be requesting people to go and hurt somebody. You can't be calling people up to hurt somebody. Um, it's almost this thing of like, you can hurt somebody's feelings, but you can't, you or somebody else can't physically create violence. Right. And I think that's where like there are many people who would debate, should you be allowed  between the way that we talk about things and the way that we think about them and then science. And in a lot of these, my understanding is that when there is these laws put in place, it actually bans the conversation around science as well. So when you get to that point, that feels weird or an overreach or it just doesn't feel like that makes sense in some weird way. Yeah, so dangerous territory.  So nuts on taking down faith-based ideas, anti-science thinking from the right. And that also would manifest in terms of like, so you see that in the evolution debate, you would see that in just the concept of God itself. But then also vaccinations, anti-vax stuff hits a lot of right-wing people, came up a bridge. It's also like sort of crunchy granola type stuff. You see this up and one of my sisters lives on the  where beliefs are at odds with known science. I think that one of these areas is gender. I think one of these areas is probably, man, I don't even wanna talk about it because it's so dangerous to talk about. We don't have to talk about it all too. But I mean, I just like, I don't even have firm beliefs here. I have questions.  It is now religion. Right? You basically take away the ability to have a conversation around it. Yeah. Well, that's the, and that was the goal. I mean, this is, it's not like it's happening by accident. It's like, um, there are certain beliefs that are so crazy that the only way for people to be made to accept them is for that to be the rule. You have to either accept it or you're kicked out of the public square. Um, I do think, I think the gender one is just the easy one.  It involves something called transitioning. There's a medical transition and there are all different sort of levels of that. But the purpose of that is to alleviate this thing called gender dysmorphia. Well, that was something that we used to talk about. It still exists. There are still people who have that, but now there's an entirely new class of thing. And it's like, I mean, this is, this is what it's like the sort of multiple genders thing. And there are just like a whole list of them, all different kinds. You have gender, gender queer is sort of like the  the idea that biological sex isn't real. So now we're sort of leaving the world of gender. They're really close, right? They're sort of like, they're like touching each other right there, gender and sex, super related, we thought. First step, we're told they're decoupled. They have nothing to do with each other. That alone, I think there's not that much research supporting, but then where things get really crazy, like I said, is when we start denying that biological sex exists at all. And it's just a really crazy topic.  Change their minds more than anyone else in the world, right? If they get new information, they change their mind. And it's actually a sign of intellectual kind of curiosity and honesty that they will change their mind. So I don't think that they're kind of close minded people and they have a belief in, you know, and it becomes dogma for them. The other part of it is throughout history, there's a lot of ideas that everyone agrees on today that just didn't exist before. Like you can start with really simple. It's like fucking gravity, right? Like, like there was a time where like nobody thought gravity did. No one understood it, right?  are  of the way that you would expect that heretical thinkers ideas to kind of make its way into acceptance in society, how would that normally happen? So if it didn't go from new idea to immediately protected idea, what would the normal sequence of events just generally be to getting the acceptance and then that protection in society as a kind of consensus thought? So cultural ideas happen slowly and just who knows? It's like a slow process. Scientific ideas,  crazy idea. And then other people look at it and you grow a little following. It doesn't go away. More experiments are run and you kind of just chip away at what we used to think. And, you know, 10 years later, there's a new way of thinking about some topic or other. That's how it's happened in the world of science. And so presumably in the world of gender and sex, you should see something like that here, like a slow process and scientists  speak for you, so correct me if I'm wrong here, but I think a very important part for people who are listening to this is the way that you're describing this tells me it's not whether it's true or not, right? You're not disagreeing or agreeing necessarily. I haven't heard you say either one of those things. What you're saying is that the work hasn't been done in a scientific manner in the way that you would expect it to be done. Is that fair? Yeah, it's a cop. Yeah, I don't know what I think about this topic, honestly.  are these places where something not quite right is hiding behind science. I think global warming is one of these, not that global warming, let's not even talk about whether or not global warming is made. I think that people are definitely contributing to the warming of the planet. I think the carbon has a huge, it seems to me, carbon has a lot to do with the planet getting warmer. But presumably, if you want to cool the planet down, if that's true, we have too much carbon in the atmosphere,  And carbon sequestration can remove what we've already put in the atmosphere, but we're not. We're talking about things like solar and wind and nothing else. We're talking about banning things like fracking, no natural gas, which is by the way, incrementally much better than oil and coal. But fracking is going to be banned. Oil is going to be banned, of course. We're going to just power our way to the future with solar and wind only. We know that that's not possible. And no one's talking. Nuclear is considered  of doomsayers. If that's true, then no amount of energy switching is going to save us. We have to remove carbon from the atmosphere. So if you believe these things to be true, why can't we talk about the technology that can actually save us? It's not a scientific conversation. It's a cultural conversation. Something else is happening there. How much of this is we have a lack of scientifically educated or scientifically  doesn't really work. It's not normal to talk about verifil... Let's do repeatability and let's look at the data and the numbers. When a topic presents itself to you, we have a gut reaction to it. It's immediate and visceral when it's the environment's gender. We know what we think about it before we learn anything about it. And I think  No amount of scientific training is going to remove from us the impulse to root out the wrong thinker That's just it's like it seems to be innate We seem to have a sense one of what we want to believe already It tends to be based on identity rather than the facts around us maybe identity and morality And then we look for any evidence we can to sort of make arguments that those things are right today in contemporary American society the word science  picture.  something that was incredibly important. And yeah, I found it I found his whole entire story is really empowering. And I put up the picture as a joke one day, it made me feel stronger. So like his suddenly like my face is gone. Now it's Grant's face. It's like this old painting. So it gives him sort of this air of respectability. And it's like an appeal to a  But with Grant right there, he became this avatar for me and he just challenged me to be a little braver. And the more that I was, the more that I said, the more honest that I was, the more my Twitter seemed to connect with people, I guess.  Certainly with me, I found myself frozen, like a deer in headlights. Like, oh my God, it feels so important. And if I say one wrong thing, it'll be who I am forever. Regardless of whether or not that's true. Certainly Grant was, it was like, I was able to speak a little more freely and so then I kept him. And he became like this big part of who I was online in a way. He was like my internet body suit.  and I'm gonna be this new thing or whatever. And we all as adults make fun of that. And that's wrong. It's like actually what's happening is people feel trapped inside of their own identities and they need help breaking free of that sense that we have of who we are, which is not entirely correct ever. That's always more about what other people are putting on you than it is about who you really are, like who you authentically are, which is probably always changing to a certain extent. So like a dramatic change,  become something else, who you really are, which is actually why the trans stuff is crazy to me because I love it. I actually, I'm a trans humanist. I like the idea that transitioning to me seems important and good and being able to change the way that you present the world as a way to kind of connect with, quote, who you really are, that moves me. And I think that there's a really important conversation that's happening there. I think all this stuff is connected  The idea was like, if there were just an unlimited, so first the open seas, no laws out there, theoretically, you should be allowed to sort of collect a bunch of rafts together in the middle of nowhere in the ocean and declare it its own country. It's like unclear why that wouldn't be allowed. It's kind of like Mars when Elon Musk gets there and people ask him who's going to create the laws and he's like the people who settle Mars and they get mad at them. Well, so what drew me  But a frontier is essential. We have to find a new frontier. We have to open a new frontier, a new place where there are no laws, there are no structures. It allows people to be creative. When there's nothing, you have to build something. And if you're building something from nothing, that means that you're doing something new. Like we provided, it's like we have now, since the last city has been built, it's been, well, since the last American city has been built, we're talking 150 years or so, great American city.  And so, you know, the least editing was this interesting libertarian type experiment where it wouldn't just be one government, it's like a concept and you open up the seas to hundreds of new governments. And then you interject, you enter sort of like the market dynamic and people will choose of their own free will which government is the best. So you do it, you have a hardcore like communist government out there. You have a theocratic government,  And I did, I met someone pretty interesting. I met Peter and we became friends. And eventually I left the world of publishing, which is where I was working full-time at the point. I was an editorial assistant at Penguin Books and Peter brought me to Founders Fund to work on a bunch of projects with him. Do you remember the first conversation you ever had with him? Yeah. The first real conversation that wasn't just like a  the smartest man I've ever met in my life and not by a little. His brain is unique and special. It's fast. It's like dancing and he's an interesting dancer. He comes to topics sideways. People have this tendency in a conversation. It's like someone says something that's maybe a little controversial and people will take the other side of that.  and challenging you to defend what you're saying, to dig deeper, to find the meaning behind something. And that was, I mean, for me, at that time, I never met someone who was so excited to talk to in my life. And I would have done any job. It wouldn't have mattered. I just, it was like, I wanna learn from this guy. What would you say the number one thing you've learned from him is? Wow, there are a lot. If I had to steal it,  natural impulse in people to seek out competition with each other for resources. Talks about the way that friends become enemies. And the only way that we sort of even know what to want is by looking to people we respect and value. And we looked at them for cues on what to want. And we sort of copy that desire. And we don't even realize we're doing it. And we even sometimes think that we ourselves were the generation  is not into war and you want to avoid war. It's never good. It's always a waste of life and it's always massively destructive. It's unclear if anything good comes out of most, almost no war ends in something good. And yet it's like there's this human impulse towards it. But the sort of gyrardian read of all this is that it's all of us wanting to be like each other,  for themselves, who are looking for new things. And it's actually, it sounds almost trite, like this cliche, like, oh yeah, we want like original thinkers, but it's really, really hard. Most people are not thinking at all, let alone originally. One of the areas that has very much this like polarization and tit for tat, if you will, is what I'll call tech and anti-tech. And this is playing out across the board, socially, politically, journalism,  that is very hard to define, right? Like is IBM tech or not, right? And I think that that makes this difficult, but how do you view kind of that, you know, avoidance of that mimetic type relationship when you get tech versus anti-tech? Like what is the other thought process or the other area to explore other than just those two like seemingly polarizing views of the world?  the philosophy of the anti-tech people, for example, because I'm not really convinced that they have a problem with any of these things, really. I think that we're just in competition for the same stuff. Let me clarify that because I think this is an important point. You're basically saying, in kind of a visualization, if you will, there's this treasure chest that has power, attention, influence, all of these intangibles that people put importance on. And you basically have two groups of people who are both  that on the one hand you have that is on, not even on the one as a third or two, there are a lot of, so that is one of the dynamics that's happening is you have a lot of people who are fighting for the same thing, which is attention. And I think that actually most that becomes most pronounced, not even among like tech CEOs and journalists as it does between like tech influencers and journalists on Twitter. That's that is where a lot of those people are fighting that they're fighting for the same thing that those people are like, they're, I mean, tech influencers, there are  We're talking about basically we're talking about capitalism versus socialism every single day. And that's a new thing where the technology industry is ostensibly doing, which is building new technology, like that's not even the topic. So you, on the one hand, yes, you have your influencers versus your influencers. On the other, you have a little bit maybe of this, like, is technology good for the world stuff? But increasingly now what you have is a question of  is just to speak, quote, like sort of speak truth to power. And they perceive correctly the technology industry, the technology industry to be an incredible fount of power. It is. They fail to acknowledge that they themselves are also a fount of power. They get really upset when you point that out. They don't think they have a responsibility, apparently based on what I'm reading online, to wield that power fairly.