 the  So as an independent research analyst, then as a seed investor at Digital Currency Group, one of the most prolific investors in space, DCG, the structure is a holding company. So we acquired CoinDesk in 2016. I let that restructuring for about 18 months, got the business to profitability and ran the Consensus Conference franchise, which some of your listeners may have attended. And then in late 2017, early 2018, I started Massari. And back then, this was basically the height of the last bull market. And our thesis  corrected, a lot of the crappy projects went to zero, but the teams that kept building, sure enough, were more often than not able to find product market fit, maybe with different applications, not necessarily the assets, but that ultimately led to some innovations around, okay, how can we decentralize the economics of this killer app that we've built and actually create financial economics around it? So it's interesting and compelling to actually own a stake in these decentralized networks.  So our starting point was to build out a research library that was focused on disclosures and more qualitative information. Models are only useful as their inputs. So getting quantitative data out of these projects and trying to make models or trying to make sense of whether there can be at all interesting was a fool's errand. And instead we focused on things like, okay, who are the stakeholders? What are the proposed economics and design of the system and kind of the use cases of these  that looks like the Bloomberg terminal and then a corporate actions alerts and monitoring system called Intel that basically helps people come up and stay up to date on all these non-quantitative updates that are happening, whether it's governance proposals, hard forks, security issues, software releases alike. So it's a pretty comprehensive enterprise suite that's built right now for crypto professionals, crypto funds,  actually really concise in terms of it just covers so much material. Um, and so maybe just talk through like, why write the report? Why sit down? I think you actually wrote it. Like it's not like you like hired outside team to do it, but why sit down and write this? Well, I mean, first of all, I have a couple of advantages, right? One, I've, I've, I've written prolifically for a long time. So it's a little bit faster for me to do. Uh, second of all, uh, our team produces so much terrific content on a day to day basis through our pro product, but I was able to not only absorb  of doubles as a strategy session for where we're thinking about the industry, where we're thinking about taking the company in your head. And to your point, it is shockingly, I think, concise, right? And I even call that out in the introduction. You look at something like this, and I think you'd expect, you know, drivel and filler and, you know, words for the sake of words. But the truth of the matter is it's broken up into 12 sections. There's a section on Bitcoin, there's a section on Ethereum, there's a section on decentralized finance, there's a section on infrastructure,  And I was, I was so, you know, uh, a crestfall about it and just like, you know, I just waste so much time. But, um, it kind of led to actually creating this as a, uh, a year to year petter of product that we're, we're going to put out. Um, because we kind of find it so valuable, not only in, you know, framing our own product roadmap, but helping people, you know, to make sure that they're not just, you know, you know, you're not just, you know, you're not just, you know, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just, you're not just,  So, you know, I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that's the point. I think that  the size of that down in terms of what do you think happens next year? Yeah, I look, I think that the the bull and bear case, just the cliff notes, you know, we tried to lay out pretty, pretty clearly, right? It's it's become a macro narrative story for most investors. And the easiest way to think about Bitcoin is as digital gold. I think that narrative fits. It works. It's not perfect, but it's pretty good. And that's the one that the institutional investors have really rallied around.  And I think a lot of them have appreciation for things that don't die when they really should, because it makes you take a step back and actually think, what did I miss the first time around? Yes, it was probably too early to invest in 2017, but now there's three years more infrastructure. There's three years more of a Lindy effect around this asset, because it has proven staying power, not just for me and my experience looking at it from 2017, but it's done this in 2011, 2013, 2017.  And I would say that, you know, when Drucken Miller and Bill Miller and Raoul Powell and some of these others that are widely followed in financial circles talk about making significant investments in Bitcoin. It has the same impact that Mark Andreessen and Fred Wilson had on the venture capital side back in 2013. And that's obviously pretty powerful. Now, and I think we'll probably, you know, end here or talk a little bit more about this later, but  to the reality that for the most part, this next rally is actually finally going to be led by institutions and heavily regulated entities. And so when you think through that, there's kind of three key pieces that you talked about in the piece. So one is this grayscale ETF, two is Coinbase going public, and then three is kind of FATFA or privacy type concerns. Let's start with grayscale's ETF. Those that are listening may say, wait a second,  Rule 144 sales of restricted securities. So basically you could have this private trust as a close end vehicle. People could invest in it at a daily NAV, just like you would in ETF, but they'd ultimately be restricted for 12 months. Now it's down to six months for a couple of grayscales trusts, but 12 months for the rest of the family, six months for Bitcoin. And essentially they, because of that dynamic,  you know, having, in some cases they can pledge the grayscale shares as the underlying collateral. And in that case, you're basically just clipping coupons on premium, which is the spread between what you'll get in six months. You know, typically that's around 20 to 30% for Bitcoin and the GBTC shares. It's up to 60% now for the Ethereum trust between, you know, what the underlying spot value is and what the public unrestricted share price is.  to actually trade at a discount because grayscale takes a 2% fee per year. That hasn't been the case. And for as long as it's not the case, grayscale is going to ramp considerably. And it's going to be a hell of a trade for institutional investors that are getting into the industry. It looks like free money to them in many cases because they can do this with leverage. So I'd say that has been a major driving factor. And in fact, grayscale has acquired a significant chunk of the  They were, they have been the highest profile brand at our view and crypto basically since day one, or at least, you know, since it came into the public consciousness in 2013. And what they, what Coinbase has done phenomenally well kind of ties back to an early decision they made to not throw the baby out with the bathwater once other competitors emerged. And that is keeping their 1% fee as a retail brokerage versus  basically bifurcated their product between the retail front end that kind of the first time buyer knows and uses, which also includes a very rock solid custody product by extension. And so it's kind of like the one place that most investors can go buy their Bitcoin, forget about it and keep it safe. And then at the same time, they have Coinbase pro, which is one of the more liquid exchanges, a much more competitive business, much tighter fees, much tighter  and safety, right? For newcomers into the space that want price exposure, don't necessarily, you know, want to actually play around with some of the more exotic applications. Got it. And then all of this leads to kind of a positive sentiment. There's lots of kind of big infrastructure being built there. All the trends are pointing in the right direction. And then we get to something like fat and these privacy type concerns. Explain those.  where the FADF standards have gotten more onerous and potentially more restrictive on exchanges ability to allow their customers to send crypto to wherever they may choose. So it's one thing to know kind of the source of funds and to file these reports. It's quite another to actually actively block exchanges and other regulated entities  But that could mean is that there is a gradual march towards outlying self custody and truly encrypted private peer to peer cash like transfers. This is important because at the end of the day, Bitcoin is supposed to be this large interoperable network, not just about kind of the anarchist roots, but even if you just think about it from a tech standpoint, it's supposed to be this interoperable global standard.  the Bitcoin community are around privacy and how to make it less likely that we'll have this two-tiered system where coins can be tainted just because they've originated from a certain source. Yeah. And what's so interesting to me about this is like, there's always the fear and kind of the flood, if you will, that everyone talks about versus what's actually going on. Sometimes it's literally nothing's going on, but everyone fears something. Sometimes there's a lot going on and nobody fears  I'm not sure where you are in your evolution on Ethereum. So I don't know if I need to red pill you or like where we're standing today. So like, let me, let me hear from you first and then we'll, we'll, we'll talk about that. Listen, I hold no ether. Uh, we can talk about why that is. Um, we have invested in a number of businesses that, uh, build on top of the Ethereum network, uh, for a variety of different things. Um, we also have invested in a number of DeFi companies that are building on top of Bitcoin instead of ether, uh, or Ethereum.  uh, which is unique, uh, but I don't hold any myself and, uh, and so we can get into all that, but that's kind of where I am is don't hold any ether, but, uh, uh, have kind of done probably more than most of the trolls on Twitter in terms of, uh, you know, doing things around the Ethereum network. Uh, just, you know, we'll see how it plays out. So, uh, the one thing I will say is I think you have time, right? Uh, and I'll get into why that is in a second, but I do think that, uh, ether is probably the only other assets that you,  behind. The network is getting further and further behind in terms of being useful for additional applications. There is some that's going on. I know you've invested in companies that are kind of working on this, but in my eyes, Ethereum has become the settlement layer for all crypto applications not named store value Bitcoin. You have seen this with the explosion of stablecoins and the close to a trillion dollars in volume that will be processed on Ethereum, which is actually more than Bitcoin this year.  Bitcoin for the next couple of years, because it's got this very convoluted network upgrade that the entire ecosystem you guess, they just got through the first milestone, which is important. But if Ethereum is able to make it through this upgrade called Ethereum 2.0, it will arguably be less risky than Bitcoin is.  1% inflation in a protocol like this, just to serve as rewards for the maintainers of that network, the validators that network. Whereas in a couple of years, Bitcoin is going to drop well below 1%. And it's very unclear at this point whether the fee market in Bitcoin is going to be sufficient to actually protect transactions. In addition, you've got the issue that 70% of hashing  I think in 2021, professional like institutional investors are going to look at the grayscale. If product and they're going to look at that premium and they're going to salivate and they're going to say, you know what? Maybe I don't love this versus Bitcoin, but this seems like a pretty good risk adjusted return for my money for holding six months. If this premium is going to be a little bit more,  have Ethereum in the conversation, credibly, very seriously, as an alternative to Bitcoin. I'm not saying that my portfolio is balanced that way either, but I do have- What do you have? What's your portfolio construction? So, my portfolio is probably 70% Bitcoin at this point, about 10% Zcash, and then 20% split between Ethereum and decentralized finance applications. I tend to invest more in the DeFi applications because  general sense of all of this, right, is there's two different stories. I think you see it the same way, kind of what I've heard you say and also write, which is the argument that Bitcoin is money and store value and one day can grow into a medium of exchange and stable value, et cetera. I think you're right. It's like that pretty much has taken hold both from a data standpoint and kind of the metrics of the market, but also to that narrative is maybe not completely  not money. So we can talk about that in a second. But I think part of what we're starting to see is there is activity for sure. The question is how much of the activity is innovation versus just continued repurposing of the ICO nonsense and kind of all of that. And I think actually like there's a mixture, right? It's not a hundred percent all innovation. It's not a hundred percent all kind of the nonsense either. And one of the things  like that, like essentially what was going on, right? And that's not to say it's a bad thing. Like there's a lot of financial engineer that goes on the traditional markets that, you know, it's very valuable for all kinds of reasons. But I think that the reason why I bring that up is Bitcoin is telling a monetary story. It's telling a store of value, a money story, a macro economic story that tends to be very clear, concise, and either you believe it or you don't. Right. And so if you're an institutional investor,  and  really a part of the conversation, like it was all about, you know, this capital formation and ICOs and all that. There's now some people who believe that, right? And whether it's venture capitalists or even some people on Wall Street that are starting to believe that. But I think that where we don't know yet is there's still a whole bucket of unknowns and uncertainties around what does that world look like? Right. And is it literally, you know, and I say this in a loving, positive way, but is it literally 20 year olds, right? Who create decentralized applications?  If those uncertainties or unknowns get more clarity, then that's where there's like this great wall of money almost that you think will kind of flow into the space and people will have much more comfort. Similar to what kind of has happened to Bitcoin over the last three, four years, that basically potentially could happen with ETH, but there's some work to be done before that. Is that generally accurate or am I way off? Well, I think it's accurate, but I think you answered your own question in some cases.  a few years since some of the application providers really had the infrastructure upon which to even start building. Right. So I do want to talk about yield farming in particular, because I think it highlights the difference between the ICO euphoria of 2017, which we thought was bullshit to be like right out of the gates. We wrote about it and still we built a company knowing that we might cater to assets like that in the future because some of them would stick. 90% of them will wash out  with it just like the banks. They literally had in their token sale documents, there is no utility, never will be any use or any reason to invest, nor is this even an investment. You're literally just purchasing a funny money token that's never going to do anything. They booked it as revenue. And they booked it as revenue. In some cases, they raised billions of dollars in the process. And everybody took those sales like wink, wink, nudge, nudge,  this year have been working, have been functioning for a couple of years now, and they've seen their volumes spike significantly, talking about decentralized exchange and talking about some of the lending protocols in particular. And that's important, right? Because these work before they introduce the concept of these governance tokens necessarily. What yield farming did was it essentially introduced tokens as an incentive for people to participate more actively in these networks for decentralized exchange,  in this globally decentralized network and they'll be able to control it. And by the way, part of that governance and control is going to be their ability to set protocol fees long-term, which will accrue to them. So there is a cashflow component here, almost like investing in, you know, if you were able to invest in a decentralized Facebook from day one and Facebook had gradually gone public with a data token that said every single user that we onboard, every single ad dollar that we make, we're kind of gradually, we're going to give you the early users more  And so the token was a way to kind of pull forward demand again, and essentially decentralized the ownership of that cash producing network utility. But that, I mean, that's a big, big change. But I really answered this, but then that's why I'm asking. My understanding is that compound works. And I think that's a big, big change. And I think that's a big, big change. And I think that's a big, big change. And I think that's a big, big change. And I think that's a big, big change.  And so you need to actually provably, you know, get these things decentralized just from a, just basically to protect their network integrity. So, you know, I'd say for a subclass of like market leaders that already had useful working products that were scaled up, you know, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for a, for  And because they were kind of first to market, you knew that the teams were actually thinking about these in a way that they were trying to align incentives long-term and actually scale these networks, not just get rich quick, which is what all the kind of fast followers have done. Yeah. And I think part of the detractor argument, right? Is like compounds, a great example where really the token was pure financial engineering, right? Is, Hey, we're going to create this token. Then we're going to try to give it to users to drastically increase the financial return they get so that incentivizes  That spectrum of what it is being told to investors or holders of those tokens. So there's some people who are like very egregious Literally, they don't need the token whatsoever and they use they sell it in order to get revenue and that's basically how they survive right and I think that there's like very very egregious people there and then all the other on the other side of the spectrum is people who say like hey like this is working and we just use it in a very light way and like we were super transparent about what we were doing and like maybe there was some kind of vote and everyone agreed that we should do it  millions, tens of millions, hundreds of millions, billions, you know, in some cases tens of billions of dollars on some of these networks playing out and some of them not playing out. And that's where you get the vitriol. That's where you get the debate. That's where you get kind of all of this stuff. And to your point, like in 2017, when all the ICO stuff was going on, like, I mean, there were a ton of people saying it, but there were definitely some people being saying, hey, look, ICOs are stupid. Like you shouldn't do this. And 90% went to zero and people lost a lot of money. And so I tend to think that's