 Alright guys, bang bang. Super excited to have Lynn here. I think this is gonna be a great episode. Thank you so much for doing this. Hey, thanks for having me. Absolutely. Let's just jump right into your background so people understand the perspective you're coming from. Kind of where did you start your career and what have you done up until this point? So my background is a blend of engineering and finance. So I started as an engineer, moved more towards engineering management and then increasingly into investment research instead.  overlay to the process to find companies that are kind of benefiting from long-term tailwinds rather than pushing up against things. Absolutely. And you've got this great website that's full of content. And one of the parts to me that is so fascinating is you've basically broken out a lot of the historical content into different buckets. So you've got kind of beginners, intermediate, and experienced. I thought maybe a great place to start would be to start talking about some of those experienced pieces from a high level. And one of the first pieces is about the long-term debt cycle.  and  is  Why government financing is so important as part of that long-term debt cycle and also as to what we're seeing today?  So  I think that's a good way to go.  accounts, savings accounts, that's the money that we actually have overall. That's a very large number. That's currently about 19 trillion in the US, whereas bank reserves are wholesale money. That's the money that banks have as base money that they have on deposit with the Fed, and it also includes currency in circulation, which is a pretty small component. What we saw back then was we saw a rapid increase in base money, but there was no real mechanism to get that out into the broad money supply.  base money increase, that's actually all getting out into the broad money supply. And that's part of the reason why this pull up in asset prices was so much more rapid and just overwhelming compared to the recovery response we saw in TOSN8, TOS9, because it's a fundamentally different mechanism happening. Absolutely. And so as we're watching the activities of many different players right now to address the problem, it begs the question, which is your fourth piece of how do you actually fix a sovereign debt problem?  polite default, or they pay it back, but it's inflated. They have a higher rate of inflation than their industry rates for several years. Some cases hyperinflation, but more commonly just some degree of inflation. A really good example is, United States history, we've only had one period of history where we had federal debt to GDP as high as it is now, and that was in the 1940s to fight World War II. The way that they paid for it, of course, you had a tax increase to some people, but  It was actually, along with the 70s, one of the two inflationary decades of the past century, but yields were locked at 2.5% or less. Anyone holding treasuries over the course of that decade lost about a third of their purchasing power, even though they got paid their interest, they got their principle back, but they failed to keep up with purchasing power. By the end of that decade, you could buy fewer goods, you could buy less house, less commodities with those treasures.  shifted from the Bretton Woods system to the Petrodollar system in 1970. For readers who are not familiar, we went off the gold standard and we went towards a system of floating exchange rates where there's still demand for the dollar because most global energy is priced in dollars. Oil-producing countries mostly only accept dollars and therefore, every other country in the world needs dollars if they want to go to buy oil from those countries. A lot of them sell their own goods and services in dollars, even if they're not selling to  off-loading exchange rates, eventually they have a recession, they have a potential financial crisis, and you get that currency devaluation. That feels bad at the time and their purchasing power goes down. Then if they manage it well, that increases their export competitiveness. That helps rearrange their trade deficit. Likewise, there are some countries that run trade surpluses, but actually they do over time as a lot of them use mercantilist process.  because even when we have a currency devaluation, it's never significant enough to get us all the way back to the baseline. And so we basically exported our supply chains, our industrial base, our manufacturing base to international countries to a much greater extent than other developed countries have. So it's not just a case of developed countries outsourcing to emerging markets. It's a specific case of the US doing that more aggressive than other countries, in part because of how the global monetary system is structured.  and  So if you can't do it forever, how does this come to a conclusion? So I just had an article on this, but basically we're probably looking at another monetary system over the next 10 years or so. And I think that timeline could fluctuate. We're already seeing the foundations of it being built. And so, for example, some countries that also want out of the arrangement. So depending on who you are in the world, some countries benefit, some companies hurt from it. So for example, these countries that manipulate their currencies lower and they run big trade surpluses,  countries  thing is you're still in this 50-year cycle of musical chairs of all these countries trying to devalue their currencies compared to others. And so probably at some point, they're going to have to come to some sort of agreement or there's all sorts of different things that could happen that basically realign the monetary system to fix this really bad incentive structure they've built up over the past five decades. And so I think we've seen just the IMF, a couple of others have talked almost about like a new Brenton Woods, right? Basically, everyone come together and try to create some new  organized themselves. I would err on the side of that they're not going to organize themselves very well. That idea you mentioned is probably one of their preferences, and that goes all the way back to actually to the inception of the Bretton Woods system. The Bretton Woods system was that as World War II came to a close, United States had tons of gold. The idea was that we would peg the dollar to gold and hold a ton of gold, and other countries would peg their currencies to the dollar. They'd have a gold standard by association.  basically say, instead of making the dollar the center of this whole thing, let's have a unit that consists of basket of major currencies. And we'll use that as our big international trade settlement thing. And we'll, you know, central banks and hold that in reserves and his idea lost out. We went with the Bretton Woods system that failed a few decades later, we went with the petrodollar system. Now behind the scene, we still kind of had that other system plan a little bit. So the international monetary fund issues things called special drawing rights, SDRs.  currencies wrapped in a more convenient digital wrapper, and that would have been issued by Facebook, whereas some of these central banks are calling for something like one that's issued by the IMF or one of these other kind of super government organizations, and that would kind of serve as a neutral reserve asset. The problem with that approach, of course, is that it takes so many of these major powers to cooperate and agree on an outcome. And so some of the other alternatives are you could see, for example, regional bankers, right? So Asia Pacific just  also  That's why it's energy pricing. And so my base case, even just without, basically assuming like no action, no major agreements, no action, basically we would see more and more non-dollar energy pricing around the world and therefore kind of a shift in how central banks manage their reserves. And so, for example, in the past several years, many countries have stopped purchasing treasuries, for example, so we have not increased foreign exposure treasuries over the past five, six, seven  as all these different players kind of work around the system. And if anything kind of comes from that, like a regional trade agreement to use a stablecoin thing, that's kind of my base case is that more decentralized kind of messy gradual approach. Yeah. So you did a great job kind of laying out where we are from a macro standpoint from long-term debt cycle to kind of the government financing and these trade deficits. I want to talk about individual asset classes as we kind of look forward 2021 and  is negative, and that inflation is probably understated, so you're actually probably even more negative than that. Bonds going forward, especially if past long-term death cycles have anything to say here, are likely to provide negative real returns for quite a while because even if they were tried to rise, you'd probably eventually have central banks cap them. Basically, the market, instead of expressing itself with yields, would express itself with currency devaluation. You have a devaluation of currency  What would your goal case argument be to hold bonds right now?  that can go up and down wildly. Whereas I like to use a non-zero T-bill position just to have some dry powder to rebalance into any dips and sells you might get in some of the other asset classes that I like better. I'm underweight bonds, but not zero bonds. As far as a 60-40 portfolio, I don't think there's a really great justification to have that anymore. I think that investors basically should find chunks of that 40% bonds. Even if they don't go to zero bonds, they just say, okay, I want to put  you've very clearly articulated this inverse relationship between interest rates and the gold price. Talk a little bit about that asset and that relationship. Yeah. So over the long term, gold's done a pretty good job of holding its purchasing power. And so if you look at the very, very long term, it generally keeps up with a broad money supply per capita. So as we print more and more dollars per person, whereas the amount of gold per person stays relatively fixed because both gold in the population increased at a very slow rate,  But back in the day, you could get 5% with your treasury, right? So you're getting a 3% real rate of return. And so you're actually increasing your purchasing power by getting that interest rate. So the opportunity cost for holding a yieldless asset like gold is pretty high. So gold becomes relatively unattractive. However, say you have the same inflation of 2%, but that treasury bond only pays 1% interest rate. Well, now you have a negative 1% real interest rate on your treasury bond. It's something that yieldless, that zero yield gold looks a lot more attractive, especially if you're  increase a little bit mainly because 10-year treasury started to rise. The yields started to rise. We started to get a correction in gold. We're still negative yields, but they're just less negative than they were at their peak. This tends to happen in rate of change terms. Because they're less negative, gold is slightly less attractive than it was in August from that perspective. We've seen a correction in gold. I'm still bullish on it over  And so I'm so long-term bullish on it, but it's very tied to real interest rates in the immediate term. Absolutely. Another commodity is oil. What are your thoughts there? So I was more cautious of it going into this recession, but as we got this big bombed out, the whole energy sector, it's been one of the most biggest gaps of performance ever in US stock market history. So the performance gap between energy and tech this year was so big, you have to go back to like the last year,  in  But it is something I've used to diversify. So there are some assets like uranium, timber, soft commodities like either agricultural products or the fertilizers that go into them. So I do like certain targeted commodity exposures like that outside of the normal kind of gold, copper, energy complex. Got it. Let's talk a little bit about real estate. There's all kinds of chaos going on across markets, commercial, residential, geographies, et cetera.  of the characteristics they offer. I think we're seeing that kind of rapid rotation. I don't cover the real estate market as closely as many people do, but in general, from a broad perspective, I do think residential property in the US outside of major cities is a pretty viable asset class, especially because you can get a really low 30-year fixed-rate mortgage attached to it. You basically have a really conservative way to short fiat currency. I wouldn't over-leverage. I wouldn't buy something that is not going to produce cash flow or that you're not going  years and this year was really huge. Now, some of those value stocks are value traps, right? So they're not coming back. They are just in dead industries and they're slowly drowning and we all feel bad. Whereas other ones, they've been beaten down by the fact that industries have gotten lower and lower and so that's made growth stocks more and more attractive. People argue that some of these big tech stocks have been building monopolies, right?  And so they were disrupted for a few years, but then they're kind of coming back because they're the ones that still actually make the products and that have decent brands. And so I'm still seeing pretty good opportunities in some of the non-tech sectors, but only with an emphasis on quality with the best management or things that are still going to be around 10, 15 years from now. Domestic tech stocks? So I used to be fairly bullish on them, but just because the valuations got so stretched,  to occur and then a handful of years in the future, their stocks could be a lot more attractive again because basically growth caught up to their valuations. So it's a space I continue to monitor, but at the current time, I think a lot of them are pricey. Got it. Let's talk about stocks that are non-domestic and non-emerging markets, so kind of other global superpower-based stocks. Yeah. So that's primarily Europe and Japan, and Canada can be lumped in there as well.  They basically have a pretty broad sector mix. It's pretty high value companies and they've radically underperformed for a very long stretch of time. But actually in the past decade or so, they've actually been one of the strong performers. So we all know about the 30-year Japanese bear market because their market peaked in like 1989 and it still hasn't come back. But actually bottomed somewhere around 2012 and it's been on a pretty strong uptrend since then and their valuations is still pretty reasonable. So I actually like some individual Japanese equities.  in the Southern European countries. So I have kind of concerns about kind of the more the basic foundation of how that currency is going to work. Whereas I don't really have that from Japan. So I've been, I've been preferencing Japan a little bit. And then everyone's favorite opportunity set right now seems to be emerging markets. How do you look at the emerging markets? Fairly bullish over the longterm. So they generally do well in a weaker dollar cycle, because as you mentioned before, they, you know, emerging markets in general borrow dollars to finance their, their growth.  Whereas other ones like Thailand, Russia, India, they went into this with a lot more balanced situation. So they don't really have that major issue of a ton of dollar-dime debt and little FX reserves. So either they don't have a lot of dollar debt, or if they do, they have a lot of dollar-based FX reserves to be able to support that. And so I'm pretty bullish on them over, say, a five to 10-year view, just because valuations are more reasonable there compared to what you can get in the United States.  of purchasing power, it plays into some of the things around the long-term debt cycle and this new monetary system that could potentially emerge. How do you view the asset in terms of, one, its role in just the global macro economy, and then two, from an actual investment thesis? So it's basically shifted over time as Bitcoin has gone through more and more of these cycles and as I've learned more about it. So I covered it in 2017. And back then, we had kind of competing narratives of store value versus  of being money. And so I turned quite bullish on it in April of this year, both in the intermediate term in terms of where it is in the halving cycle. And so kind of looking out, say, two years from that point and saying, I think this is likely to do well in price terms. And in longer term, it's done extremely well. I mean, its rise, I described it as like algorithmically. Look at its price pattern and log form, especially if you put the halving points on there. It looks like a machine.