 Thanks for having me.  for a Molson Canadian giant campaign. And I was the host of this Cross Canada tour. I went into their marketing meeting with the president of the whole company and everyone on their marketing team. They told me what I had to say in the commercial and what was going to go on. And I didn't know I wasn't supposed to tell them it sucks. And I was just like, no, this is really bad. You guys sound like a bunch of late 40s people trying to sound like you're in college. The terminology you're using the lingo is like four years old. I'm not saying any of this.  is dependent or is necessary to understand how the internet works and how to make content go viral. Like do you, does that experience help or is that just kind of a coincidence that you have the comedic experience and also understand how to make things go viral? Uh, it's 100% together. It's timing. It's eliciting emotion from people. Uh, the emotion doesn't always have to be laughing, but you have to get an emotion from someone and fear seems to be doing very well these days. Not a fan of it, but it's doing well. Um, but yeah, it's, it's super helpful.  What happened? By the way, that video has 15 million views on YouTube. It has over 100 million views over 100 million. OK. Walk us through that whole thing. Yeah, sure. I just I had been disabled for most of my 20s after a car accident and I set out to basically make all the videos that I wanted to make, say all the things I wanted to say before I was dead. And I was like, I'm going to say these things because they need to be said. I've been in bed for all these years. If I was going to die tomorrow, what do I want the world to know? And I was like,  So I did. And then, uh, every day I get hundreds of messages still from people that, uh, that videos help them lose ridiculous amounts of weight. It was the verbal bitch slap that they needed. And that's exactly what I wanted. So where's the line in terms of there's this like political, correct, uh, world that exists and everyone has their own opinion as to what you're supposed to do. They want to tell you what to do and basically force their, uh, views of the world onto you versus like the old school mentality of just like tough love. Right. And I always,  It has been completely, you know, together. So I think being politically correct is just lying with a bow. It's not what you really think. It's not what you really believe. You're saying it because you think it'll make you popular and you're a liar. And I was brought up being called out constantly by family members, by whoever were just funny and tough love is all I knew. And without it, without tough love is honesty. That's all it is. Without that world is full of shit. So what's the point? We can't let people tell us to stop being honest.  She was an astronaut and a teacher and she was a lawyer and it was the Barbie dream has not the Ken dream house. She had her shit together and she looks hot. So what else? How did you get a billion views on the internet? Like what is the secret or when people come to you and they're like, Hey, I want to be a content creator. I want to make things go viral. Where do they start? And I'm not talking about like the actual like secret sauce of each individual video for a client or something like that, but just like from a holistic standpoint, what are the keys?  And people have to be ready for that. And you have to be ready if you're going to make a viral video, people are going to love it. They're going to hate it. And if you can't deal with both of those, then you're in the wrong business. Well, it's almost like the controversial nature of it, right? The fact that some people do love it. Some people do hate it that especially on social media drives more engagement, which drives more virality. And you almost have to be willing to have the downside in order to get the upside. Sometimes like it doesn't have to be a negative thing.  Um, to do a sex toy unboxing video with you. And what do you just like text her and like, Hey, I have an idea. Or like, how does that come about? Yeah. Yeah. I told her we're going to do an unboxing video and it's going to be a lot of fun. And she came over and sat on my couch with me and I didn't tell her what was in the box and that's it. And then we just went through, shot the whole thing. And at first he was a lot of like, Oh, Oh, Oh my. And then eventually she's like grabbing at the toy. She's like, what's this one do?  the best.  Those people that are doing that are creating content because they're repurposing talks that they're doing the repurpose purposing zoom calls that should be meetings. That is actual high quality content. Um, people who are just posting for the sake of posting, you can see it and it's trash. And it's like, if you're feeding your audience trash most of the time, they're not even going to pay attention when you're posting something quality. So I think you end up losing more people than keeping them that way. What platforms do you focus on now? Is it YouTube? Are there other platforms that you think are worth spending more time on than others?  I was like, there we go. So what is the size of your audience on parlor? Uh, around 61,000 right now. I just started. And is parlor got some of the same algorithmic advantages that like, let's say a Tik TOK has where anyone can kind of build an audience quickly and get distribution, or is it much more aligned to Facebook and Instagram, Twitter, something like that? I think it's a mashup of all of it right now. Um, I haven't seen that it's easy to be discovered on parlor, but what I am seeing is that it's a really good idea to be able to do that.  Okay. How do you monetize in terms of not like take out the consulting and the brand work stuff, but for you personally, if you were just a creator, how do you monetize and where have you seen kind of, uh, the greatest growth in that monetization for the last couple of years? Brand deals. So, you know, finding partners that work for your brand and doing package deals. So I'm going to do this many videos with you or this many posts with you. Um, obviously monetizing just your views on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, all the regular stuff like that.  And then they're figuring out other ways to monetize because people are staying on the platform. I've seen both. So I've seen some ads coming and I kind of think a few more ads went into my feed. They didn't specify that with me. I just realized that all of a sudden I'm monetized and money's coming in. Not mad at it. Yeah. Got it. And when you think of when you were monetizing on YouTube versus Instagram now, uh, was it pretty equal in terms of, uh, CPM rates and, um, kind of the size of the audiences or do you see a pretty big difference? Huge difference. Facebook.  10, 20 minute videos. And then the different styles where you just basically sitting down and recording it, or are you going back and like almost doing like the vlog style cut where there's just cut after cut after cut in the video? Okay. It's different every time. So for example, two days ago I had my camera people come over and I was like, I'm going to shoot something. I was like, I'm going to buy a gingerbread house. All right. Oh, I have this like fifties outfit. I'm going to put that on. Okay. We're going to do a kitchen thing, roller camera. That's it. That's all we did. I said, shoot, we shot for 15 minutes.  and monetization, how big is the team and team can be what you think of as like direct employees that you have or it could even be contractors and kind of people you'll pull in for a video like that. Yeah. So I got a one billion views with just my iPhone and my MacBook and a single ring light that cost me $200. So every time people are like, Oh, I don't have a team. I'm like, yeah, I was physically disabled on disability shooting videos like this and then ended up on the view. So enough with your excuses.  I completely edit myself 99.9% of my content. Uh, the odd time I'll have someone do just the first sweep to take out my arms, Oz pauses while I'm switching a costume, but everything that goes out, I've edited. Got it. And so we've talked, everything we've talked about is like ad type monetization, uh, or platform based. Are you doing merchandise, physical products, like anything else in terms of driving monetization, uh, while using, trying to figure out how to make money off of the views? Uh, next year I'm going to be doing a video.  their lives are just like very different now. So it makes me happy. That's awesome. Uh, I want to switch gears. When you tell the truth, it obviously brings all sorts of controversy and a very polarized audiences. Uh, one of the things that's fascinating to me about you is you were a lifelong Democrat and then hung out with a bunch of Trump people and then became pro Trump Republican, et cetera. That violates a lot of people's view of like what's allowed in the world. Uh, that you can change your mind. That's a shocking idea.  these offices, which is kind of like senators, I realized that most of them are full of shit and exactly what they say, they live the exact opposite. So instead of taking a scholarship for political science, I decided to be a comedian, which is I thought it was about the same. And then for years, I'm just like, yeah, I'm a liberal, obviously. I believe in liberal things and equal rights for gay people and women's choice on their body and all the things I thought were good people choices. And these are bad people over here.  backstage saying that she would vote for Hillary if she could. And I was just like, fuck you guys. Like, no, I didn't say that. And that was like my first little including in my head. And then after that, I had run down to Texas where I was just like, these people are crazy. They have guns everywhere. They got dogs in the office. They believe they got Trump flags. I'm like, these people are nuts, but let's go on a field trip. And they're ready to roll. They are ready to roll in Texas. They're ready to roll.  military who have a superhero complex in a great way that they'll run towards danger if we need it. Christian values care about people. They just don't like the bullshit. And the more I was in LA, where I lived for like five years, the more I saw that liberals or Democrats as we know them, are the exact opposite of everything they pretend to be consistently. Like it wasn't like once it happened five times, it's every, I'd say 99% of the time. And we're seeing that in politicians.  an idiocracy over there. It's like, be kind to everyone. I thought that bitch, she can't be blah, blah, blah. I'm like, do you hear the music that you guys are putting out? Do you see the films you're putting out? Why are there 11 year olds doing slutty TikTok dances? And that's cool. Don't judge. Like everything is just upside down upside down land over there to me. So I still, of course, support gay people. And I support all the same things I did. I just think to be an honest human being, you got to go the other way. What was the reaction?  I gotta go endorse this side now because if Trump, Trump represents to me the ego and narcissism that is aligned with a freedom that we require as Americans or North Americans. If we want this, we have to think we're better than other people. We have to hold ourselves to a higher standard. His touches of ego and his style of doing that aligns with Merka. Yeah, let's go. Crying all the time, being fake offended by everything does not align with a company  between one being willing to go do the work. Like there's a lot of people who would say, Oh my God, that's crazy. You're going to Texas. Like I hate all those people that are all evil. Like I'm not even going to go. So you at least had like the open mindedness to like go see it. You had those experiences, like bouncing that with, um, you know, this belief that like the way that you grow up is the way that, uh, those are your values. Those are the things that like for your entire life, like your entire identity is tied to them. Right? I think there's a lot of people who, even if they had the open mindedness to go and have different  And there's some things going on. And I'm like, my spider senses are tingling. This doesn't feel right. I need to research it. I'll go watch it on the different political stations that aren't edited. I'll watch a full video myself. I called out Jimmy Kimmel a couple months ago for running a completely fake story about Mike Pence that he knew was fake. All I had to do was go find the full clip to see that Mike Pence wasn't moving fake empty boxes of charity food and PPE. It was a lie.  sides of the leanings in terms of the political spectrum. But for many, many people, they now are losing trust in these institutions. They're saying, hey, these individuals are biased. They're actually sometimes literally lying to us. Sometimes they're just twisting facts to tell a different story, whatever. So how do we balance that between like you have a large platform, I have a large platform and so do they. So now like there's this more like even playing field where like if you say something, I say something and they say something like actually we may reach the same amount of people. And so there are people who are like,  And I've had to have these chats with my parents because they watch it. They always watch it. It's every night, you know, six o'clock news, whatever. And I'm like, mom, you know, this isn't real. You've seen them do fake stories about me. You've seen them like run. There was this narrative that I was fired from the movie. I was never part of this movie. I don't even know these people. There was a narrative that I was mean to this guy in an airplane. They took a bit from my stand up and pretended it was real. And they like everything has proven wrong. I'm like, stop believing them. They're liars. I would say most of them  Yeah. 100%. And I really think with the rise of online and the click through rate and making money from ads that way, they've tried to click bait us all. So if you keep us terrified and more later, stay tuned, we're going to tell you more later than they got us. It's just a hook for stupid people. So we just have to stop being dumb. Be like, Oh, good game. But you know, you've just been cheated on by that boyfriend multiple times. Now you're going to keep going back. What are you doing? The one that just blew my mind is for six, seven, eight, nine,  100%. I really think that reporters should be put in prison for lying. Or if they're doing something that they know is fear mongering and they're trying, I just think that there should be crimes against humanity charged on these media outlets sooner than later because they know what they're doing. So people who hear that there's going to be a lot of people who will immediately say, uh, we need freedom by the press. We have to protect people in the press. We can't throw them in jail, blah, blah, blah, blah. That whole argument. I'm not going to go through the whole thing because people understand that argument exists.  very, very loosely here, right? But I think I usually think of it from a financial media standpoint, but let's just talk media in general. So there's journalism. These are people who are legitimately doing journalism. They have a story. They go, they investigate it. They talk to people on all sides of the story. They kind of fact check. They do all the things they're supposed to do. They write a as unbiased a piece as possible. They present all the different viewpoints in the story and they publish it and then they see what happens. If there's an issue, they correct it. They do all the things that a journalist would do.  You lose money, right? Like that that's the whole point of a market. Those are the two kind of extremists but in the middle and it's an ever-growing middle is what I call bloggers masquerading as journalists. These are the people I think talking about which are they essentially are using blogger tactics. They use clickbait headlines sensationalism, etc. But the pieces that they write are being published under the news section, but it's their personal opinions. There's no yes, they're not talking to sources. They're not going and getting quotes. They're not fact-checking. I think it's literally they wake up  I go and I click on it and I'm like, who wrote that? And I click on them. And recently Business Insider has been my favorite to roast because it will be a student who their only credits are writing for their student newspaper and now they're a reporter for Business Insider giving completely fake info about let's say Tesla or whatever. And all the only things they've written are puff pieces. And if you don't know and respect the people that are giving you the info, stop reading it. The headline, who cares? Click on who's writing this.  Hey, this is the way journalism is done. Kind of, you just went to journalist school or literally you were a blogger and then you got hired somewhere. And now you just keep doing what you've always done. Cause you don't have anyone to tell you to do anything differently. And it feels like it made literally just be an inexperienced thing that contributes to the problem as well. Someone needs to spank them. They need to be spanked. This is, you know, there needs to be some kind of ramification for their actions. And if no one's holding them accountable, then we need to hold them accountable, but it's unfollowing all those accounts.  What are the ramifications or solutions that you think could be imposed to try to help solve this problem? I think make it like sports. The first time you get fined, you know, you do something wrong in the game. You get a fine. The second time you get a fine and a flag. And then the third time, if you're doing something that can lead to let's say someone being assaulted because you painted them as a racist and that's not the story, then that is jail time to me. If you're printing that someone did something awful to another human being, and that's going to affect the rest of their life. That's jail to me.  I'm not saying stupid, you know? Now, now another piece of it is there would be some, I'll call them labels, right? Or, or kind of buckets of this that are not very well defined. So for example, uh, they're a position of perspective, right? So let's say that you were a journalist, uh, and you're writing about me and you're like, you know what? Pumps a fucking asshole. I'm gonna write an article today and say he's racist. Right. When you write that article, your definition or what the evidence that you use in your mind to rationalize racist may actually  that is so-  I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like,  in like 10 years. So I'm really excited. I think follow your local comedians and they're going to tell you the truth. Who are your favorites to watch right now? My favorites are a lot of my friends. I would say JP Sears is hilarious if you like sarcasm, buddy of mine. I said a couple of weeks ago that John Christ is killing me with his videos. They're really fun. Chris DeStefano is awesome. History hyenas, they're just hilarious podcasts. And I just think everyone, you know, watch Rogan.  Are there bad comics right now? Yeah. Um, I'd say you're not a comic if you're doing a fucking Ted talk and expecting an applause break at the end. That's not, that's not comedy. Like if you're trying to cancel another comedian, you're not a comedian period that guy can say whatever he wants. Lenny Bruce, you know, like all of these guys who came before they were nuts in the best way possible. Let, let people, Andy Kaufman, if they want to.  I always had a speech with punchlines in it. There's always an underlying message for the good stuff, at least to me. And yeah, you can talk about real topics and make it funny. But when it's happened a lot, I saw in stand up the last few years where there's a lot of comedians that'll go up and just talk about their life and everything that's wrong. But you have to be nice to me because I'm a pan sexual Libra, hocus pocus, whatever. I'm like, I don't know what you just said. I'm not clapping because you changed your sex. That's not a joke.  and we're basically God, and so we're going to impose our will on you. There's social media censorship in terms of literally we're going to stop you from saying things. We're going to cut down distribution. We're going to do all that stuff and they're doing it frankly to all sides of the aisle. And then there is what I'll call just, no, they're not. That's only happening to one side of the aisle. Okay. Explain. They are only censoring conservatives and I have not seen a single liberal comedian censored ever period.  the media organization is on Twitter saying that the coronavirus didn't come from Wuhan. And like, there's no disclaimers. There's no anything like, okay, so we're gonna, we're literally gonna put disclaimers on the president United States, which by the way, people will debate whether we should do that or not. That's not what I'm here to debate. What I'm here to debate is if you're going to do it to anybody, you have to do it to everybody. Right? And they don't, of course. So like, I call that like the audience recognizable censorship, right? Or the disclaimers, blah, blah, whatever. What I think happens though, in a very different way that is not recognizable.  of them said like, once you can't talk about a topic anymore, now it's a religion. Right? Like once it's crossed over. And so I think that's where the censorship of bull sides happens, but we just never see that, right? Cause we don't know what people posted that we never get in our feeds, whatever. But I do agree with you that there was a very heavy leaning on one side of the aisle in terms of the audience recognizable stuff. You know, to what you were saying, there is a large censorship right now, specifically on Instagram on sex workers or women who post content with a lot of skin on it, which is not  or of the spectrum, like how do you balance? We want to help people make money and like not take away people's freedoms, but at the same time, like we don't want nudity and we don't want kids to see that content, whatever. And that's a weird one because I would get not wanting kids to see adult content, but at the same time, there's 12 year olds doing TikTok dances and go down on me. So, you know, like if we're going to start it, let's start it over there. That's fair. They've already seen it. They've already seen the porn. We're not stopping anything. Yeah.  If you go on Twitter and Chinese concentration camps, right? Would be like a really extreme kind of thing. If you go on Twitter, yeah. And you start tweeting about a bunch of this stuff. Now I don't know exactly the way Twitter would do it, but I'm just saying in an example. So there's something that a lot of people don't want to talk about, right? But it's pretty factually provable that, Hey, this is happening. And the platform then either through algorithmic distribution takes it down or literally there is social pressure, right? Like we saw what the end of the day was.