 All right, guys, bang, bang. You're in for a treat. Raul's here. Thank you so much for doing this again, sir. I was looking forward to it. When you reached out, I thought this would be fun. So last time we did this, we did this in New York. We did it in March. I think we were one week early to the government mandated lockdowns, the coronavirus kind of mania. And you have  that happened, that finished in the end of March. Then we had what I called the hope phase. And the hope phase was when everybody thought it was going to be okay. And we saw that there was a big lift in asset prices, everyone thought it was okay. And then I said, it's going to transition to the insolvency phase. And that's where we start to see the drag on GDP growth going forwards. And that in itself would start to see people get laid off again, the stimulus disappear, small businesses go under,  GDP growth like negative 5%, negative 4%. Everyone focuses on that Q on Q number of, hey, GDP is up 34%. No, everybody's having a really shit time of it. And the dichotomy between Wall Street and the average guy is something I've never seen in my life before. I mean, it's simply staggering. But that's where we are. We're in that situation now where this virus is going to continue longer than expected. We're going to get another spike after Thanksgiving  let everyone go on summer holiday, everyone goes down to Spain, gives each other the virus, comes back and explodes. Genius. So the Europeans are now fighting it. They've had to lock down. It's been pretty clear by everybody from the Germans to the English to the Swedes that nobody's really going to properly reopen until March or so. So we've got this situation where the global economy and it looks like Christmas is going to get canceled in Europe. You know, Covid is going to be the the Grinch that stole Christmas. And that's in Europe. Huge spending.  not bringing a bunch of presence with you, not bringing your siblings there. It's just natural human behavior. So everyone just needs to ignore the politics of it. It's just humans and we just do the same kind of thing, which is we're risk averse and governments are risk averse too. So that's the situation we're in. So I think we've got a pretty ugly patch coming up. Who knows what the markets do? The markets want to look through it. But the outcome of all of this and crucially to the conversation we're going to have is, okay, we missed an entire  Europe, they're going to have to stimulate again. How? Well, ECB said they're going to do something because inflation is negative and falling, but the governments themselves can't. Italy's already applied to say, can you write off some of this debt? Nobody knows how they're going to deal with this. Nobody knows how the banking system is going to work. So you've got the central banks trying to support this whole situation because fiscal stimulus is not happening. And the problem is the monetary mechanism doesn't work. So velocity of money, every single major  And then we got towards the end of the year and basically politics took over. But in terms of the actual response kind of in March and into April, if you had to give a grade, was that a plus response, a C minus somewhere in between? Like, how do you just think about what the Federal Reserve and elected officials did? I thought it was the fastest response I've ever seen to something that was a severe shock. I mean, it's the biggest shock you and I are ever going to live through in our lifetimes in terms of the economy.  like it or not, stop the credit market imploding. If the credit market imploding, that's the pension system gone. And they stopped it. Yeah, it's not good that they're ending up buying Microsoft debt and all that kind of shit. It doesn't make sense, but I understand speed was of the essence at that point in time. Now, what they've done is basically destroyed the monetary mechanism for the credit markets and everything else in the interim, because they've basically supported everything.  viral around the death of macro, right? And what it seems like is that intervention overlaid with all sorts of long-term trends that are now kind of all meeting or intersecting has led to this conclusion. But maybe let's just start with like, what do you mean when you say there's the death of macro? So as a macro investor, what do you trade? What do we do? We look at economic signals and look for dislocations in markets where we can profit from those  So, okay, that's the rule book. So whether you're Stan Druckenmiller, George Soros, any macro legend, how have you actually made your money? On the Real Vision interview with Stan Druckenmiller, he made it very clear, he says, everyone thinks it's all about stocks and all of that stuff. He goes, I made all my money in bonds. They all have. Right? I mean, I've been in this business since 1990, and bond yields have fallen ever since. And you've only had one serious pushback. And they've actually been falling since 1982. So,  for you. And bond yields are now at zero everywhere. And I think the US probably ends up with negative rates at the end of this too, much like the UK just went negative over the autumn. So we're negative to zero interest rates. So basically, there's no juice left in that trade. So the biggest trade in the world is gone. Okay, credit. I'm not much of a credit guy because you need a bit more knowledge of the underlying  yields again in the middle of an insolvency event. Brilliant. So no mechanisms of price. The equity market basically took all the strains. So the equity market, people said, well, look, let's look at tech stocks that come and look like perpetual bonds or zero coupon bonds because they generate cash, they've got no debts, so we can price those to infinity because where else we put our money? I get it. Is that right or wrong? I don't know.  the Bank of Japan, the Bank of England, the ECB, the Fed, People's Bank of China, and everybody is this move to digital currencies. And I'm sure we're getting a bit more about that in a bit. But what's been clear is the IMF are pushing for an agenda, which is the new Bretton Woods. And Bretton Woods was an agreement amongst nations, basically, to peg all their currencies to gold. And then a famously Nixon came off the gold standard eventually. But that was a post-World War  stimulus. We talked about earlier, but it's kind of difficult to do it. And if you fiscally stimulate the amount that you actually need to let's say do proper stimulus, not just giving a check, but creating jobs by creating industries and all of those things that need to happen. Well, that's like 20 or 30 or 40% of GDP that need to do. How do you do that without devaluing your currency? And the answer from the IMF is do it all together. If you do it together, then what do you devaluing against?  Money supply, yes, at times it goes a lot, but it doesn't grow that much. So then what you're basically doing is dampening currency volatility down to zero.  and there is an interest rate market. So it's not what the ECB is doing, which is creating a single currency. What it is, is creating a currency basket of which currencies move around and change their weights within it. So it's more like the S&P than it is the euro. So it is different, but I think it opens interesting dynamics of, okay, let's say they do this. Let's say to be a member nation of this bank core, which is what Keynes talked about,  supply  But if you have a stable currency to trade in, well, you're going to do much better. So it's probably incredibly positive for emerging markets. Okay. That's interesting. You know, what does it mean for commodity markets? Well, maybe they become less cyclical. How do countries compete with each other? I don't know. It's probably technology. It's, you know, how do you attract capital in that world when it's not interest rates necessarily? You know, it becomes really interesting as a thing. And, you know, and then how does obviously Bitcoin and gold and stuff like that fit into  of  more than majority in almost all of your liquid net worth being so bullish on Bitcoin and Ethereum. Again, look, I'm a macro guy, so I don't expect anybody to follow me. You do the same with your allocation. You're looking at it from a macro perspective. Other people can't take the risks. But for me, I looked at the situation. All outcomes for me were that this is it rarely happens. Let's say I'm right. Deflation is persistent. The economy is worse than expected.  everything just returns back to 1.5%, 2% GDP growth, and we all forget it's just happened. That's not going to happen. Simply not going to happen. Maybe it does, but that's the risk that we all run in the Bitcoin position. So basically, inflation deflation, if any of you just saw, if we look at all the past episodes, whether it was 2008, 2012 in Europe when Europe almost went under, and then periodically afterwards, the central bank kept stimulating, didn't stop. They're not going to stop here. So  I can see a great chart when I see one, I start saying, right, look, we've got to add to this. And I added obviously into the big sell off as well, because I saw this pattern emerging. So then it breaks. I start adding, okay, so now I'm over 50%. And just real quick, what were you selling initially to move capital? Was there a specific asset or were you just going across all assets and kind of reducing trading positions? Because I just saw that this one had the propensity to make more money than anything else.  You might have bought copper instead, blah, blah, blah. There's nothing, nothing, not even most of the Amazon and stuff like that. Looks like it's going to outperform Bitcoin. So that's when I start saying, OK, this is the time to really go for it, because it's a waste of capital to put it into anything else. Now, I'm not coming at this with the philosophy, you know, the Bitcoinization of the world or anything else. I'm coming at here as a macro guy saying I've never seen a more dominant opportunity in my entire lifetime.  In the private conversations you're having with whether it's friends in the macro world or in the institutional world, what is being said in those conversations? And I don't necessarily want to know from who, but just what's kind of the behind the door conversation around the macro environment and Bitcoin specifically and kind of how people are viewing this. So the macro environment, you rightly alluded before, almost everybody I know has a personal allocation to Bitcoin.  they went from one trade to the next trade, and when Bitcoin became an opportunity, literally it just walked down this entire kind of loose collection of friends until everyone had exposure. Yes. I mean, so if you think of the micro network, it's not that many people, right? So it's basically, the epicenter was probably a few firms plus Goldman. And then out of that, a bunch of traders at JP Morgan and a bunch of others came out of that. But really, it was  middle of the whole lot. So we all know each other. And if we don't know each other directly, we know of each other because it's not a big universe of people, but it had tremendous influence and huge amounts of capital. You know, and it was a very exciting industry because back in the day, these firms could have 15 percent, 20 percent volatility and have huge bets. So you get to hear famous people like, well, famous in our world, Nick Radi, who was actually the big  the pension funds, in came the insurance companies, in came the sovereign wealth funds. They said, well, we don't want you to be so risky. They're like, you're not going to get the returns. They're like, well, we don't really care. So they crushed volatility down to 5%. Comes the rise of millennium and all of these big platform plays where they have lots of traders, low volatility, much lower returns. You know, 10% is a great year. And so what happens is these macro guys start  There's a parallel universe coming and it's all going to generate Alpha because there's no capital and not enough knowledge in the space because everybody in it was a technologist and None of these macro guys were in it yet. So the macro guys went here's an opportunity for us and one by one They all start going we've seen this You know, you know if you ask mark you go if you ask Dan tapiero They will say that they really got into this at a global macro  I can't mention him. He's one of the most famous hedge fund guys in the world and one of the greatest traders I've ever seen. He really made his money in money markets. He's a rates trader. He has a world with no interest rates. I've been bugging him about this. He's been in crypto for a long time. He knows it. But I was bugging him, like, there's only one trade that matters. The conversation on Sundays, yeah, there's only one trade that matters.  that  of different ways. And then let's see where that goes. Others, yeah, I'm sure we're going to see people taking more aggressive risks, but most people in the hedge fund structure can't. We will see one or two, I'm sure. There are crypto hedge funds out there that have done astonishingly well anyway. I think a lot of those are going to get bought. So I was speaking to a crypto hedge fund. So this is another part of what's going on is they're all being bought. I mean, again, it's just consolidation of kind of the new age hedge  huge alpha. The hedge fund industry has no alpha. There's nothing. It's excess capital, too many machines, and restrictions on volatility. So there's massive alpha. So these hedge fund platforms are going, okay, uncorrelated, gigantic alpha. Nobody's seen this. A lot of the macro guys will have seen it in the emerging markets in the 80s and 90s. Other than that, we've not really seen it in our careers.  that  is  I don't care where the Bitcoin wins. I know that this whole space is going somewhere and I want to be involved. And then, you know, so I've now got a future framework and I'll trade accordingly. And to come into it with a narrow mindset means that you won't be open to opportunity. Now, maybe the Bitcoin maximists are dead right and Bitcoin outperforms everything. Great. The macro guys will also be on that trend. That's their job to isolate that trend.  capital into businesses that are building on all sorts of networks. Some will fail, some will succeed. So when we go back to kind of your asset allocation, having that perspective in mind, what's interesting is you were bullish on gold, Bitcoin, and kind of all kinds of called inflation hedge assets in general. You now have basically sold, my understanding is all of your gold or majority of it, and your 98% liquid net worth  of course. But this looked to me like the best single macro opportunity I'd seen in my entire life. And I've seen a few good ones. I had a great one with the bond trade last year and early into this year and stuff like that. But this is better than that. This is a once in a lifetime bet. And when you look at those charts and you see gold breaking down versus Bitcoin and stuff like that, you think, I understand portfolio diversification. I understand why it's important for many people. But I'm in  of liquid net worth and total net worth, or do you just think of it in kind of the constraints of what your liquid net worth and the percentages of an individual trade-off? I don't run my life like a portfolio. I think it's wrong. And I know people do this concentration on total net worth. Explain that more why you don't do it. So I, it depends what you're in this game for. I'm not in this game for money. Money is a lifestyle token. And for me, what I care about is my quality of life. And again, I'm not talking about  net worth, I'm lucky I've made some money, I've got what I want. Now, so then the speculation for me is A, the intellectual challenge, but B, you want to make sure you've got enough money to survive and do things. And you know, because there's always something you need to do, you know, I think there's a ton of work on the house in Grand Cayman and that sucked up a ton of money and you know, all of that stuff. And that's how I think of it. I just think of it as tokens. And if you get rich enough,  What's driving the interest? There's a hunch that I have and it's only a hunch. Hence why it's a much smaller position. There's a hunch that from all of my conversations around this whole space, that there is a massive amount of human capital, intellectual capital working in that particular space because the flexibility of how Ethereum is based. And there's a load of flaws, like there's flaws about everything. So, you know, I'm not saying it's a perfect, well,  looking at it. But if I see a lot of people all building on one platform, then the probability, you know, as a VC, the probability of one of those bets paying off huge, let's say DeFi ends up being on there and it becomes a real thing. Whatever it may be. Who the hell knows? It could be intellectual property rights. I don't know. Don't care. The point being is I think there's a chance that Ethereum can have a larger market cap than Bitcoin. And that doesn't make it a better currency or a better investment. It's because by the nature  can you measure and what's the total supply? It's like, okay, there is a chance here that this does really well, but I don't have enough conviction to make that my large bet. My large bet is Bitcoin because I have full conviction. Got it. And so one of the things that's so interesting, whether it's you or other macro investors, the common theme is obviously courage, conviction, but also open-mindedness. And I think that one of the things that crypto probably doesn't do a good job of  as you get older, you get more experienced, you kind of have seen things and you don't fall into the trap of like, I've seen this before, or I know how this is going to work, or I'm the smart person in the room. Are there things that you do, content that you consume? Like how do you keep an open mind kind of year after year after year for long periods of time? One thing I've learned is you need to think more about human behavior and incentives and why people are doing things. So as you alluded to, why is it so tribal?  And  And I don't own Ripple. I'm not getting into that fight. But let's assume I think it's got a 10% chance of becoming something much bigger, but the whole market is giving it a half a percent chance. Well, that misalignment in risk reward is a huge opportunity. That's what we do in financial markets. We have to remain open. You can't trade financial markets to go, well, I'm only going to trade Apple. And every other company is a fraud. They're not as good because their phones aren't as good. I mean, it's ridiculous. What we look for is, OK,