 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a very, very special episode for you today. Mackenzie is here. I constantly get people who ask me to come on the podcast who want to hear from kind of an everyday person, not somebody who works in Wall Street or in finance, somebody who doesn't spend all day as a professional investor, but rather somebody who has come across Bitcoin as part of  in Columbia, Surrey, BC. Most of my family is from around that area. So basically my parents moved to Vancouver Island, which is a small island off the west coast of Canada. And it would have been 89. I was a year old when we moved here. My parents came over for a holiday. They fell in love with it right away. My dad's been a career flooring installer. He found work immediately, never went back.  kids, I started to realize just how one profitable and how good I was at it. I've been installing flooring with my dad since I was 14 years old. That's basically when I started screwing up in school and he made me go to work with him instead of going to the school dance. So yeah, it's been, I've had through my twenties, a lot of different employment opportunities, got to try a lot of different things. Young family, been a father,  you know, I think of you as kind of the quintessential, um, you know, in America, we would call kind of the American story, right? But, but obviously being in Canada, uh, of a hard worker who has a young family and, uh, you basically are doing everything that you're supposed to be doing in order to build a great life for your family, for your daughters, uh, and kind of accomplish the goals that you set out for yourself. Is that fair to say? Absolutely. At least that's what I'm trying to do. I think you're doing just fine, my friend.  people have bad experiences with. I think your approach to how you service clients and the people you work with is really unique and will play into the value that you see in Bitcoin. But just talk to me a little bit about the perspective that you have and that you take to work every day in terms of the value and how you work with those clients. Absolutely. So my biggest frustration being in the construction industry is going into someone's home and seeing contractors  I don't, I guess I'm a little more close with them. I treat them as if they were, say, my parents. I don't want them to, I don't want them to feel like I am in there just to make my buck and get out. So yeah, a big thing is I understand how hard a lot of small town people, people all over the place, work for their dollar.  Like I say, I'm giving them the best value for their dollar. Yeah. And you specifically mentioned one thing that I think is really important, which is this idea of outside of major metros, there's this understanding and belief that people work hard for their money, right? That these are people who are putting in long hours, hard hours in comparison to a lot of kind of major metros or software type businesses. And therefore when you go, when you perform a service, you essentially are saying, Hey, look,  the fact that I am, I'm providing you with a living while you're working for me. And to me, that is everything. You know, that's how I support my family. So yeah, absolutely. That makes sense. And so you are probably not very high on the list that most people would think of as somebody who comes across Bitcoin, becomes a believer in Bitcoin, uses Bitcoin, invest in Bitcoin, et cetera. Let's start with just like,  maybe a thousand. Uh, so I just remember these guys being like, I'm up 15 grand this week. Like this is insane. So of course my first inclination is not what is it? It's how am I going to make money here? Um, it's probably the, might, might be the worst way to go about it. But really that, that, uh, 2017, uh, 2016, 2017 bull run that started, um, I,  way out of the markets for a bit and just went, there's something here. Let's see what it was I was really getting myself into. And from there, it's been three or four years of just picking a way trying to understand the sound money theory and all these different things that are going to help me keep the money I earn.  you  thing to do because it is not well understood. Like my parents, I've been talking at them for the last four years about Bitcoin and not really being able to explain it properly. Like I say, I'm a tile setter. I am not a financial advisor. But then I started coming across literature that really helps out the Bitcoin standard.  Like I say, it's just been an unbelievable journey, just figuring out step by step why this is happening. Because it is, it's hard to believe for a lot of people that this is the new standard. This is where we're going. And when, I know guys like you and me see it, but it's so weird to be one of those people when the rest of the world is just catching on.  What's kind of the reaction as you're going down the rabbit hole? Well, four years ago, I was working, uh, doing sales and flooring. I thought I'd give that a shot. Not my gig. I found that out pretty quick, but I remember trying to explain it like with this very basic understanding of what Bitcoin is to my boss at the time. And he's sitting there staring at me and I don't think it was probably the best play. He's like, okay, if this guy doesn't understand that,  union sitting on a lake in a boat, explaining to my dad's cousin, talking about Bitcoin and my best friend sitting there. And yeah, it's just, you do your best, but all I can do is direct them to the different areas where I learned and pass that knowledge onto them that way, because I'm not the right guy to be smote. And then as far as my wife goes, she is  Is this something where you're thinking of it as like a portfolio and you kind of invest in one day want to sell it? Is it something where you say, no, I want to kind of save and use Bitcoin as a savings technology? Like, how do you think about it? And then how do you think about how much Canadian dollars to hold versus Bitcoin versus maybe other assets? Sure. Well, at this point, the way the world is right now, it's been really difficult for me not to go all in on Bitcoin.  whether it be the CERB $1,200 every two weeks or the business loans where you borrow 30,000, 10,000 forgivable, that all needs to get paid from somewhere. And that's why I've personally, I've been fortunate with everybody staying at home, they stare at their walls and want tile on them apparently. So I can't really,  they should be borrowing, but it's there. Tax deferrals, mortgage deferrals, all these different things. It's like, we're just kicking the can down the road. That's all that's happening here. And yeah, it's an intimidating prospect. Absolutely. And it's pretty crazy too to think that, you know, one of, you take that mentality that you have of like, everyone works hard for their money and therefore I want to provide value. But also too, it sounds like you've got this idea around, but I would  We were 10 15 years down the road and Bitcoin was stable and we're in the same position. I'd still be there because like I say this Where you sell a house for four hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year ago and now it's worth you know five hundred and seventy thousand dollars, that's not that's insane and That's not it's the same you go and buy you know a case of coke or something  Is there anything like that? I just, I'm very much for not having my money taken when it doesn't need to be. Yeah. And what's so interesting to me is, you know, I think of this as like, you can be described as a hardworking Canadian who simply wants to provide a life for their family, right? I mean, at the core of it, everyone wants to have enough resources to live the life that they want to live and they want to be happy, right? And I think that what is fascinating  And  changed your spending patterns or your saving patterns? I guess there's one part that's acknowledged, the other is behavior change. What, if any, behaviors have changed that you think are noticeable? For me in particular, massive changes. Okay. Yeah. In what way? Well, we uprooted ourselves in probably the biggest way you can, sold our home to pay down all the debt that we  that, you know, just grinding, grinding day after day to make the bills get paid at the end of the month. And when I, with my kids, I'm just like, that is not a way I want to live my life. I have no energy when I get home. I, I, you know, I'm 32 and I don't have energy to play with my kids. What's wrong with that picture? I had this silly idea in my head that if I wasn't stressed and exhausted, I wasn't working hard enough. And that's  exercises that you can do. And so being able to do that alone is a big thing. But I think that the third thing you said there that is so true and frankly, people are taught the opposite is to put the money to work for you, right? Most people are told save, save, save. And what they don't realize is based on their income and their expenses, there's just not enough money to save to ever actually kind of get out of the rat race, right? What you got to do is you got to be able to have a little bit of money, you know, as a rainy day. But then you got to be able to invest everything else in  40, 45, 50, it's not far off. So it's going to come a lot quicker than I know. So yeah, just like I say, getting prepared for that.  or just started an outdoor preschool program. For better or worse, that was a stressful thing for me to know that we were spending that extra money every month. Of course I want that for my kids, but it's still money out the door, which means I'm not home. And so yeah, that kind of stuff is a lot easier to do, but then the trivial little knick-knacky things,  goes to preschool, it's X dollars, which means you've got to work Y hours and therefore you can make a direct kind of connection between a decision you make on the spending side with a kind of energy output for you, right? Like there's a direct link between I'm going to have to work X number of more hours in order to pay for this. And so I think that that direct linkage makes it much actually clearer for you to make those decisions, right? For some people that's harder for them to do. They actually don't know how much money they get paid per hour because they're on a salary or something like that.  with my kids. So yeah, absolutely. I don't look at houses, I don't look at trucks, I don't look at any of those different objects in the world as what I'm working towards. It's all about time with my kids. If I can make it to some point, my goal is at some point I can make it to my kids still living in the  and time and the less wealth you have, the more time you have to spend. But the more wealth you have, the less time you have to spend kind of doing things you might not want to do. Right. So your point of, um, I love the idea of you having measurable goals, right? I need, I know I need to get to X number so then I can spend four days working three days with my kids. Like a lot of people I think have a dream, right? Which is, Hey, I want to spend more time with my kids. Okay. That's great. How are you going to get there? Well, by you setting kind of a measurable goal, right? It's, it's pretty trackable.  on  see a world where if we play things right, my daughter never will experience that, that draw of social media and all those negative effects and maybe only benefit from the tools in it. So yeah, I like to say the fourth turning, I always explained to her how her generation is the hero generation. And they're going to pull us from all this nonsense online. I love that. Second question is more fun. Aliens. Are you a believer or non believer?  And you go, yeah, I don't have the answer. And I'd be ignorant to say that there isn't life elsewhere. I'm all for believing whatever you want to tell me when it comes to that. I love that. Parents usually don't like talking about that, but the idea of like, hey, I made this thing. Every single one of my friends who's had a kid who's still got a young kid, they all go through that. So I don't think that you're alone there. Yeah, it's nuts.  Why was I the guy? Yeah, I don't know is a short answer. No. So for those that don't have the context over the last, I don't know, year or so, on numerous occasions, people have reached out to me and been like, Hey, you should basically bring on kind of an everyday Bitcoin, right? Somebody who doesn't exist in the financial world, doesn't kind of spend all day doing this. They've got kind of what most people consider a quote unquote, a normal job, but they have a lot of  And so this is somebody who has like no agenda, isn't coming on to like pitch anything or do anything crazy. And the thing that I love is kind of when you articulated like, here's my work history, here's my family. Like it was just very, I think kind of down the fairway of like, I actually think there's more people like you who are into Bitcoin or in the Bitcoin community than people realize. And while I think a lot of like the media attention and all of that is kind of the Robin hood,  and  your time, $4 and, uh, there's a lot of people who spend their entire lives doing that and they never realized the things you've learned in the last two years. Right. But as soon as you kind of get your mind open to this stuff, you immediately realize, Hey, there's another path, right? I can use where I am today to drive revenue or income for myself. I can then take that income. I can protect it. I can grow it. I can do things so that I can put myself in a position to spend more time with my family and do the things I want to do. And I think that story doesn't  And I think that's the beauty of kind of your story and many other people like you is that once you have the curiosity and kind of self-starter attitude of like, I want to get this information. You don't got to be a genius, right? You're not a genius. I'm not a genius. There's like five geniuses in the world, right? And they're all billionaires because they're geniuses, right? But for everybody else, like you just work hard and you try to do the things that you think are the right things to do. And then you're like, okay, I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.  that we're going to end on that. Cause that is the most powerful best quote that might've ever been said on this podcast. Uh, before I let you go, where can we send people? Now we talked before, uh, for 99% of people who are listening, they are not kind of geographically close to you. So for your business, they're going to be kind of out of reach, but I know that we've got some listeners that are in your neck of the woods in Canada. So just talk a little bit about kind of where people can go find out more about your business and then kind of what areas you service in case anyone listening is in that area. Sure.  Like I say, it's just a great community. Twitter, I'm not, like I say, if you read my bio, it says, don't mind me, I don't know anything. And yeah, I'll service the Vancouver Island, but basically the Northern Vancouver Island is my home and where I like to try and stay. I've been able to stay busy here, so I'm likely to stick around here. That's awesome.