 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Edwin here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Pomp, thanks so much for having me. Absolutely. Let's just jump right into it. Your background, how the hell did you get started with all of this kind of work in the short selling world? So I've always been passionate about stocks from a really young age. Like in second grade, I was consumed with the stock market. Then freshman year of college,  corporate wrongdoing. Yeah. So I got to ask, how did you meet those two guys? And it seems like you got a really good network and I've heard stories that you are one of the best networkers in the world. So tell me about how the hell do you get in touch with those guys and so many other people? So, Tom, I found there's kind of two secrets to being good at meeting people, especially when you're young. One is writing online. So you put out a lot of content online. I found if you're just active on Twitter, if you write articles, if you write blog posts on  persistent, sometimes cold calling, definitely cold emailing a lot, DMing people on Twitter. And the thing is, when you're young, you have this aura of innocence. So people don't mind and are much more likely to talk to you. So that's what I found works pretty well. I love that. What's the craziest story you have as to how you met somebody? I'll give you two. One is I went to there was a hedge fund in San Francisco. Everyone said it was really smart and you should talk to them. So I emailed them and they never respond, never respond.  hey, I'm in your lobby right now. I'm a freshman in college. I really like stocks. Can I pitch you something? And I DM maybe everyone at that hedge fund. And one person was like, yeah. And they called the person in the lobby. They took me up and I got to go meet at this hedge fund. And, you know, the meeting went really well. I stayed in touch and they, and they told me after they thought it was either a scam or some really quirky kid. And so that was one crazy story. And the other crazy one was I called the email Bill Ackman on a  short sailing mechanically is when you borrow a share of a stock that somebody owns, you sell it and you promise to return it at a future date. So if you own shares of Apple, I might borrow a share from you, sell it for $300, buy it back a month from now, hopefully it's fallen to $200 and return it to you. So I sold it for 300, bought it back for 200. I profit the difference if the stock falls, I pay you a small fee for the inconvenience and you may  auditors to help get the ball rolling to expose the fraud. So short selling short sellers are like an important check to the system, which is usually designed to prop stocks up and only highlight good news. Short sellers are the ones trying to expose wrongdoing and the bad news and corporate wrongdoing. So that's why they're important. And there's a subset of short sellers called activist short sellers, which are really aggressive in putting out detailed 10, 20, 30 page reports on public companies.  One thing that I didn't fully appreciate about the SEC is that a lot of what the SEC does and focuses on comes from external referrals. So I'd estimate, but 90% of what the SEC looks at is either referrals from stock exchanges through the public comment and tip like box on their website, the whistleblower complaints, which are taken really seriously, or from calls with sources that they talk to a lot. Less of the SEC  to look into a company, they'll see here's 20 complaints members of the public have submitted. Often the highest quality content is from short sellers. Also there's been a trend more with Chinese companies at least where a short seller will write a detailed report on a Chinese company that might be faking financials or inflating financials. And the SEC will often launch an investigation solely off that or send the report to the company and ask for a response. I think one example of the Wall Street Journal talked about was Chinese companies  in the US. At the time I started looking into them four years ago, they were publicly traded. And I had a friend who was a babysitter on the platform and she had a really bad experience on the site and was like, hey, you should look into them. And when I start looking at a company, the first thing I do is check a government website called Pacer, where you can see lawsuits against a company. And I saw Care.com had been sued four or five times by parents who had a really bad experience with babysitters from the website. Like they hired a babysitter  I'm like, yeah. And then they're like, we'll like you in two to three day you're accepted. I said, to care dot com to your da Harvey Weinstein. Two o like, hello Harvey, you' when I knew something was counts as daffy duck and they keep accepting them, said they were vetting peop sparked my interest. I put  and more people were talki issues and other issues people's credit cards wi And then, you know, my v campus, my sophomore year report criticizing the co and that got some attenti a bunch of journalists, on at the Wall Street journl and then the Wall Street into it. And nine months page story on care dot com,  investing where you're kind of buying and selling pieces of paper, you can actually have an impact. Like this company is now on better hands with the company that's taking safety more seriously. A lot of the executives have resigned. And I'm not sure if that would have been the case or would have happened as quickly if like I and other people didn't write about it and try to kind of bring this conduct to the limelight. Yeah, it's an incredible story from the sense that one, you're a young kid who did the work, right, which I think a lot of people just aren't willing to do. Two, you have  Usually I don't take positions. Care.com at one point in time, I did have a position against the company. I disclosed that and I ended up even losing money because the stock didn't fall in the timeframe I thought it would fall. The thing is markets tend to rise over time. On average, if you look over the last hundred years, the stock markets increased about eight or 9% a year. So betting against companies is a really hard thing where even if you're good, you might just break even over the long run  You also need a large base of capital. So maybe in five years, once I'm better networked and no more people, I could see myself launching a fund that focused on this. But when you're young, you want to learn, you want to meet people, you want to network. And I think a newsletter is a great way to show what you can do and kind of build a public track record that can then lead to a more lucrative thing like a hedge fund. Yeah. And so one of the other things that you talked about with care.com is you filed these 50 basically freedom of information act requests.  like the FTC and a hedge fund analyst might say, give me all your complaints against Shopify or Apple or Palantir because they want to see what our consumers saying that's bad about the company and could this be an investment risk that's unknown. What I do that's a little different and almost no one does this for whatever reason. I find it really odd is I'll go to like the state level, the state attorney generals and usually they'll have like a dedicated email address or web form where you can  that people have mailed in. You can oftentimes see the attorney general writing letters to companies and the company's responses. And if you see a company that's like repeatedly like paying fines and restitution to consumers, you know, this is probably part of a broader trend of them misleading consumers. So that's kind of what a public record request is and how I use them. So one of the basic things if anybody wanted to diligence a company is I'd  it's nothing, and you'll get these complaints back. And then in the case of SeaWorld, most of the complaints seemed frivolous and the company had good responses and it didn't seem like there was a big issue. Other times, you might go to a used car dealership and you'll see that they're just constantly ripping off customers. They're constantly promising to reduce customer's debt or do a return once the attorney general gets involved, the state attorney general gets involved. And that's a sign that the business might not be acting as ethically as it should.  around actually starting a newsletter, who's reading it, how are you growing it? What's going on there?  or are using a subpar auditor for their market cap or have been receiving extra scrutiny from the SEC through public SEC comic letters, which you can find in the public SEC database. And then I put in more work to show what other people were writing about and highlight potential companies that are shady. And then that just started to grow. It was growing by about 100 people a week. And then on October 1st, I decided to launch a paid team  or find potential companies to bet against and start researching. So that's the target audience, but I think it's grown to be just people who are interested in finance and fraud and corporate wrongdoing and just want to learn more about how these bad companies operate and how you can research them. Yeah, I love this. How do you come up with the ideas as to hoodle research, right? There's thousands of companies that you could look at. How do you know to go look at a C world or somebody else? Is it your research?  saying something in my ear, it's, then the key thing is what do you do in the first 30 minutes to decide if you want to spend more time on it? I'll quickly look to see if there's a lot of executive turnover. You know, it's not too hard to see executive turnover. I use a service called Insider Score, but there's a lot of ways to do it. And if a company has had like three different CEOs in the last two years or multiple different CFOs, that's a red flag and it'll walk me and make me want to look into them more.  So one thing I did is I looked at, I got a list of every publicly traded company and their auditor. And I looked for big companies that were using auditors not used by any other company. And there was this company called Celsius Holdings. It's a billion and a half dollar company. And it was using an auditor called Assurance Dimensions, which no other public NYSE or NASDAQ listed company use. And the average market cap of this auditor's clients was like 5 million. But this one and a half billion dollar company was using it.  get a 10 point comment letter and the company won't be giving good responses. Like the SEC will say, why did you change this disclosure? Explain this policy, explain this inconsistency. And sometimes the companies will be like, we're just wrong. The number, there was a misprint. There was a typographical error by a secretary. And if you see a lot of those, then it's a sign, oh, maybe this company's got more typographical errors somewhere. So it's a lot of different sources. Twitter is a great way. Value investors  vista equity. Talk to me kind of just about how you think about that situation and any other things you're thinking about there. So this is a great example where I think the media is kind of focusing the spotlight on the wrong thing. So Robert Smith is a very wealthy private equity co-founder of vista equity partners. He got, he paid about a $200 million fine to settle charges of tax evasion. Um, and it looked like he was potentially going to go to jail before he signed this non prosecution agreement. So  Paul has also been raided by the FBI last year. He's part of an ongoing scandal at the Texas attorney general's office. You know, he's in bankruptcy or declared bankruptcy for some of his companies. And like he's going to be the reason that the Texas attorney general resigned and like he paid bribes and allegedly did a list of donations, hired the Texas AG's girlfriend to cover up an affair. So this guy named Paul did all this wrongdoing.  people are a lot more skeptical. On Vista too, portfolio companies have sued Vista saying that they're missmarking assets and presented what I think is compelling evidence, but the Wall Street Journal and New York Times doesn't talk about that. There's a lot of evidence of huge issues at Vista, like missmarking assets, lawsuits from portfolio companies, associations with other people being raided by the FBI, the co-founders leaving, but no one's putting it  sometimes there's a limit to how far you can get by just reading lawsuits and filing public record requests. Sometimes the only way you can really progress the story is by going out and cold emailing ex-employees. Sometimes I feel bad if you're just getting too aggressive. So I might do more on that, but part of me thinks that I'm kind of at the limit of what I can get document-based. And when you take it to the next level,  Hey, you know, here's kind of a thought process that I think could become a much bigger issue in the next three to six months. One person who I think is just outstanding at highlighting these issues when they're small, before they get big is a guy named Mark. He's active on Twitter at all their lane eggs. There was a company called my medics that made healthcare products. He called the CEO of fraud and two years later, it turns out the company was inflating sales by, um, bribing doctors and like, you know, asking the government  but they're still available in the US and the company's near all-time highs. There was another person named Gabrielle Grego who wrote a detailed 40-page report on the company's concerns on the company's issues, but the stock hasn't really moved that much. So Penumbra is one that I'm watching and it seems like with a lot of these activist short reports is you can put out really good content, the stock won't move and people will ignore it and move on, or you can put out mediocre content, the stock will move and everybody will think it's great.  Newsetter economics are really nice. It's kind of what I've been learning. You get paid cash upfront and people buy an annual subscription. The retention rates tend to be really high. If it grows to be 10 times the size, the amount of work I need to put in is still about the same. So you can earn a lot doing the same amount of work. My best guess is that I do this for two or three more years and maybe launch other financial newsletters. I think there's a big market for paid newsletters.  the hedge fund analyst proud, but I could see myself branching out to not just highlighting problems at companies, but maybe highlighting interesting companies that could potentially be worth investing in or like looking at insider buys at a company or like when new interesting board members are added highlighting that. I think there's a big market for these paid newsletters and I'm really bullish on that space. I love it. I asked the same two questions to everyone before I wrap up.  even though the company was never publicly traded, you got a really good sense of how these exaggerated unethical companies can behave and get away with so much. So in Theranos' case, they had really high profile board members who gave them credibility. So that's a book I really like, Bad Blood by John Kerry. I've read that one. It is fantastic. Second question is aliens. Are you a believer or non-believer?  I know there's a lot of people in the finance community who are a little more skeptical. What makes you so confident and what do you think are the biggest risks that five years from now Bitcoin could be at zero or potentially worthless? What could happen that could destroy the bull thesis here? Yeah, so it's a great question. I think my confidence is just I've done the work. I've really spent the time, energy, and effort to go through what are  about the actual electronic cash. So Bitcoin has served as a great store of value over long periods of time. In short periods of time, because of the volatility, it makes it really, really hard to consider it a store of value. If I buy it today for $20,000 and then it drops tomorrow to $18,000, that doesn't really fit the store of value narrative. Over long periods of time, though, it's been fantastic. It's actually protected your wealth better than any other asset in the world. So I think that's one piece is kind of the short-term viewpoint  have software code and it is reliant on kind of the continued upkeep and operations of that code. And so, uh, there's not been issues yet in terms of anything that's been fatal, but again, part of the, I think bear thesis would be like, how in the world is it that you'll go forever without introducing a fatal bug? Right. Again, I personally don't buy into that, but I think that's a strong, um, uh, argument for a bear to make. The third thing is about like geopolitical cooperation, right? Is a lot of people would,  one country has it. And so, uh, if I was kind of arguing the bear thesis, I would say, Oh, of course, all the, you know, uh, leaders of these kinds are going to call each other up and they're all going to work together and ban it. Now, the reason why I'm a bull is because I don't think that that's going to happen. Right. I think it's very unlikely actually. Um, but I think that's another piece. Uh, and then another part of this kind of bear thesis is all of the, uh, kind of regulatory, um, kind of edges I'll call them, right? So things like there's no de minimis exemption for when you use Bitcoin in a transaction, you have to pay tax on that. And so that provides  side, if you can't articulate the other side of it, then I think that you've got to really question like, did I do the work? Right. And if you can do that, then it almost gives you more confidence and conviction in whichever side of the argument that you ended up on. Right. If you know you did the work, sure, you can be wrong, but at least you're not going to be wrong because you didn't do the work. You're just wrong because your conclusion on the work was inaccurate. Right. Yeah. Huh. No, that's that's great. Are you a Bitcoin believer or not? Sorry.  newsletter. And I'm on Twitter, Edwin Dorsey, my handle's at stock jabber. But if you just Google Edwin Dorsey in the Bear Cave, my Twitter and the Bear Cave newsletter will pop up. Awesome, man. Well, listen, thank you so much for taking the time to do this. I read the institutional investor article and I said, I got to talk to that guy. That guy sounds interesting. So I hope people enjoy this as well. Thanks so much for doing this. Really enjoyed it.