 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Kevin O'Leary, Mr. Wonderful here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. I love doing this. Great to be on. Thank you so much. Absolutely. Let's jump right in for the like three people who are watching who don't know who you are. Give us kind of the two minute on your background and we'll get into some of the different investment asset classes that we're going to discuss today. Well, I'm an entrepreneur. I mean, you know, the good, bad and the ugly is everything.  else. I had an opportunity. I was when I was young, my dad worked with the United Nations. I've lived in Cambodia, Tunisia, Ethiopia, Cyprus, France, Japan, Switzerland, Germany, everywhere, every two years, different place. So like an army kid. But that gave me a different perspective in terms of how I think about investing globally now, because I've been to all those places. And I think, you know, I think as an investor a little differently with that perspective. Yeah. One of the things I want to talk about is obviously the kind of macro environment and  blunt instrument. It was necessary in some ways, but I would guesstimate now that about a third of it was completely wasted because it went to businesses that aren't going to survive regardless of how much you stimulate them. And the reason that is occurring is that because of a pandemic that nobody could have anticipated, consumer preferences and purchase behaviors have dramatically changed. And I'll give you an example. Movie theaters. You would have never thought that, you know, all of these very strategically located movie theaters in malls all over America  the  to develop new business models and I call it the great digital pivot America 2.0. So I'm optimistic. Yeah. And we just saw Black Friday numbers that have started to surface as we're recording this. And one of the things that was really interesting is that over $7 billion of the transactions are coming from online. And so is that something where that was just the virus accelerating those online trends or do you think that we actually would have seen something similar even without the virus and it's just a shift of preference?  and we learned that our customers were willing to, at least two-thirds of the time, buy direct from us, and they're never going to go back to retail, buy the product or service. And so it's been a dramatic acceleration. And in some ways, you would have never taken that risk. You would have never shut down your headquarters. You would have never said, I'm never going to go visit a buyer at a big box retailer. And yet we couldn't. So we started using Zoom and other video technologies. We're doing meetings direct for Q1 on Zoom. I'm meeting with my CEOs next week on a series of calls direct to buyers for Q1 products  And I know that you've talked in the past about just your shock as to how bad they are at saving and kind of their financial investments. You've created some technology to try to help them. Talk a little bit about what you saw when you started to understand what the employees of these businesses were doing. Yeah, this totally freaked me out. I mean, I didn't see this coming. I could have never guessed it. I mean, there's so many cases like that in this pandemic. So here's how it went down. Starting in the third week of March, as soon as we got to read the PPP plan, it was passed on the four o'clock on the day.  We couldn't get the PPP for them because they didn't have the records. But the ones that did, there was a huge panic going on amongst all the employees, not just of my companies, but the up and down channels of supply chains, tens of thousands of people in their late 20s, early 30s freaking out. And I didn't know why until I figured it out. 95% of them had no more than two weeks of salary and cash in the bank. That's it. They had no plan for savings. They had no investment strategy.  being stocks, we made it completely simple investing. You just put a hundred bucks if you can, aside a week. It puts it to a diverse portfolio of exchange traded funds across a wide range of sectors and stocks, and it lets you over time build a portfolio. And the reason I did that in telling them this is if you can afford to put a hundred bucks aside a week and the markets do over the next 40 years, what they've done over the last 150 is give you six to 8% a year of compounded returns.  I'm very conservative. I couldn't find anything that was a conservative that I was towards long-term investing. So I built it myself. Yeah. This is really interesting because one of the things people give me a lot of flack for is I always say that anyone can become a millionaire. You just have to have discipline and have a really, really long time horizon. And obviously you've got to be young to be able to do it. But this idea of saving a little bit, but investing it, not just putting it in a savings account. How do you think about or talk to some of these employees about how much they should save and kind of keeping that rainy day fund versus what they should be investing  Poopoo hits the fan. So 90 days. But then you should find a way to change your spending habits. People spend money on all kinds of crap they don't need. You look at your closet full of clothes you never wear anymore and shoes you don't wear anymore. And all the junk you don't need in consumer electronics. Take a little bit of that and just invest it, not save it, invest it. And that is where you take and use an app like Beanstox to pull 100 bucks out of your account and automatically put it into a wide diverse portfolio.  that has cut out excess spending, et cetera. But one of the things I've seen you talk about is everyone should have a side hustle, especially if you're young. And so this idea that it may actually be easier to go make an extra thousand dollars than it is to cut $300 a week out of kind of your expenses. Why do you think that side hustle is so important for young people? The side hustle is really a great idea. And let me explain why. I used to run around just a year ago. We might have a talk like the one we're having right now. And people would say, well, how should I invest for college? And I always say,  and make it rich enough content that they would buy direct from us as opposed to go to retail, which doesn't exist anymore in the same way. And that's all art. That's all great storytelling. That's all great photographers. Now, that's a great side hustle. If you know how to cut video, if you know how to use Adobe, if you know how to record stuff, if you can write copy, if you can do animation, if you're a good photographer, come on. Are you kidding? The world is screaming for those talents and you can make plenty of money on the side. I'm paying tons of dough to editors.  We're going to be using it for all of our social media. So I'm looking for talented people that know how to do that. Yeah, that's great. Because of the coronavirus and kind of all the economic chaos, people have been now looking for alternative assets. And you probably more than most were already positioned to do well there. I want to talk about one and I want to talk about watches, two areas that you've been investing heavily in. What's kind of the investment thesis for those two assets and how's it been going so far? You know, when you're an investor,  is a company that's been very successful producing products like OUSA, a core subset of the S&P that I can invest in long term so that I'm getting dividends. And then for the digital economy, I told the CEO, I said, why is it that I'm spending so much money? This was two years ago. Look at how much I'm spending on Zoom, how much I'm spending on CrowdStrike, how much I'm spending on Shopify. Look at my budget on JD.com, on Alibaba, on Facebook,  giants and they're growing at 20, 30, 40 percent a year. I mean, Shopify has a million businesses on this platform now, including all of mine. And the reason I do that is I do business with Amazon. That's 40 percent of my sales. But I also want to sell direct where I collect my own customer data. And I can't do that with Amazon. So I do with Shopify. That's part of the index of GIG. So that's one of the ways I invest. And I just look at it and say to myself, invest in things you understand or how they're growing. And that's what I do.  state to another where it's illegal and you're going to be a shareholder, it's a very bad outcome for you. You can't invest in cannabis for recreational purposes. So then I got approached about a year and a half ago to invest in psychedelics as medicine. Again, LSD is a Schedule 1 narcotic. At that time psilocybin. It was an illegal drug. I said, guys, how can I invest in that? It's the same thing as cannabis. And this time they said, no, no, no, no. These are going to be FDA approved trials. We're only doing medicine.  public. It's one of my most successful investments this year. I'm a huge advocate for it. I want them to do more trials and just keep growing this platform because the anecdotal evidence of microdosing is really interesting to solve for opioid addiction for everything like depression, alcoholism, ADD. We haven't had new medicines in that space in 37 years. This may be them. That's why I'm an investor. Yeah. When it comes to psychedelics, what's really interesting to me is there is this kind of comparison or correlation to the cannabis industry.  You're absolutely right. The reason cannabis failed and the company's lost 80% of their values, they never got any follow up with institutional capital. That's not going to be the problem with psychedelics because they're not even attempting to go into the recreational market. They don't want to get involved in that side of the mess. They're just staying focused on the medicinal outcomes, trial, FDA approval and release as a medicine, a prescribed medicine. And that's how they're getting institutional capital, including guys like me,  because they're never going to pursue recreational drugs the same way the cannabis people did. You know, there's groups like Mothers Against Drunk Driving that don't agree using cannabis as a recreational drug, whether you feel or I feel that it's okay. There's not enough tests to determine how the amount of THC is affecting your driving skills. They have some saliva tests in Europe, but they haven't really adopted those here in Texas or in Florida, New York or California. And the Mothers Against Drunk Driving is a powerful lobby group.  companies like MindMed that are researching this, their valuations increased dramatically the week after that decision was made. Yeah. And do you think that it's going to be important for those companies, kind of long-term success to continue to get legalization? Like I know one of the things that most investors, including yourself, aren't huge fans of is basically waiting around for politicians or regulations to change. It feels like with this though, because of the focus on the medicine and not the recreation, that's not as big of a risk to these businesses.  or certainly that Trump didn't endorse it. So I think cannabis is going to sit there forever waiting to be legalized federally. I don't think it's going to happen. And I don't think it's going to happen for LSD or psilocybin either. But pursuing them as medicines to provide for the misery of opioid addiction or alcoholism or depression or ADD or all of these syndromes that we've had no medicine work for. I think there's a lot of interest in determining it through clinical trials. Stage one, stage two, stage three. And at MindMed we have multiple trials, many of them in  wine and watches. What have you been doing there and kind of how has that gone so far? Well, wine is a really interesting hobby. And there's an old joke about it. How do you become a millionaire in the wine business? Start as a billionaire and get into wine. The truth about the wine industry is for decades and decades and over 100 years, it has been controlled through a Byzantine distribution system. West and the Mississippi, three tiers of distribution, East and the Mississippi, two tiers.  I am. People trust me in selecting wine for them. Why don't I partner up with somebody like a QVC, which sells hundreds of millions of dollars worth of food in just minutes. You know, they have 6.2 million viewers there. Why don't I go into partnership with them? We go to the wine business together. I'll launch a Larry Fine Wines on QVC and see if I can get to that critical mass of 100,000 cases. Well, that happened in the first weekend. And so we learned a lot about the business. We figured out the logistics of being able to do it. And yes, I was selling  I don't know how to do that. And so people that get my wine like it, they trust me to bring a Pinot, a Cabernet Sauvignon, a Chardonnay, a Moscato. These are some of the varietals I've done. I've done Malbecks. I've done all kinds of wines that I make and I blend myself. I need people to trust my palate. My wife works on the whites. She's got an amazing New World palette. She's almost a sommelier now. And so we together blend these for our family. And I've extended my family through my QVC relationship. It's a business like all  out two years ago. This is one of 100 made. You know, it's very, very expensive, but it actually has appreciated in value. My Rolex is my Patek Philippe's, my AP's. Seiko, Grand Seiko is probably the biggest value in the watch industry today. Some of the mechanics coming out of Japan now rival that of Patek Philippe. I have a huge selection of those as well. I'm buying watches as an investment. That's what I say to myself. My wife just calls me an  an alternative asset class just like art. But, you know, I just bought another watch yesterday that I don't even know when I can wear it, but it's incredibly rare and very, very unique. And I'm gonna wear it on Shark Tank next year. What's the most expensive watch you've ever bought? That's a great question. Well, I've learned, I've been ripped off now twice, both out of two different films.  I was not an FP Jorn collector when I met this watch. I just by happen chance was in New York. This is an interesting story. You may find interesting. I got a phone call from a friend of mine who is part of the Royal family of the UAE United Arab Emirates and may be the largest watch collector in the world. I won't mention his name. Probably is. And he said to me, Kevin, have you ever heard of F.P. Jorn? I said, no. And this guy knows every micro  and be our guest. So I go zooming down to this event. They lend me a watch to wear because I don't own an FPG or and I met the craziest people I've ever met in my life. Brain surgeons, army generals, collectors, psychologists, politicians with this crazy disease of FPG or collecting them. Sure. It only makes 900 watches a year, like just to get one's impossible. And that's when I saw this this one of 10  are going from, you know, 50,000 to 700,000 in auction. It's crazy. The F.P. Jorn himself is like Picasso, but he's alive. He's still alive. He makes these incredibly complex timepieces and he's still around. So you're buying something made by him, designed by him, and a bunch of people that he works with in Switzerland. I visited the factory. I know I'm going on too long. We can see I'm passionate about it. But if you're into watches, you got to check on F.P. Jorn. It's just crazy.  that. And I have a very, very, very eclectic collection. Each year I select eight dials to put it on Shark Tank. Every single one has a red band. You can see this is red. This was on Shark Tank last year. This is an incredible timepiece to say P. It's probably gone up in value. Who knows how much? And they only made a hundred of them. I got maybe the sixth first one for six. All right. Let's talk about Bitcoin. You early on 2012, 2013 seemed to be a proponent  because their argument was, look, if you're I have a 5 percent weighting in gold, each quarter I have bullion, which I store and I pay to store it. And I also use ETFs to balance each quarter to up or down to 5 percent. And it's been a good stabilizer against inflation. And it's you've seen gold set a big move lately being concerned about inflation. So is Bitcoin. But Bitcoin was originally sold to me as a counterbalance to the equity market. In other words, it would move in a different direction. So if you had a big correction,  Why is it that only one cryptocurrency gets this designation Bitcoin? Because if you bought a basket of cryptocurrencies two years ago, and there's many, many, many of them, you haven't made a lot of money. There's simply nothing like Bitcoin. And so it's the only one. And that's a little perverse in the sense, if you look at the stock market, it's not the stock market, it's a market of stocks. There's many different ones you can buy, but you can't seem to play that game in the crypto space.  If you think of kind of the digital economy, or you talked a lot about digitizing the world, the digital economy doesn't have a native currency, right? So if you were talking to me like a Jack Dorsey and ask him, why is he so bullish on Bitcoin? What he would actually say is the first native currency of the internet or the digital world is Bitcoin. Now, the same thing applies, though, that you're not going to have 10 currencies, right? You're only going to have one currency that is native to that environment. And so it becomes this really interesting thing where if you think of it as an economy, right,  notify the banks, they would have to notify the regulators that this transfer is occurring, and I could purchase the land. If I try to do that with Bitcoin, the problem is the seller is not willing to take the volatility risk of Bitcoin. So if you're valuing a chateau at $10 million US or 10 million Swiss francs, and you want to pay in Bitcoin, you have to somehow guarantee that when the conversion hits, and it goes back to Swiss francs or US dollars, that the seller  in euro and I have one in Swiss franc so I have that major headache I wish I could just do it with Bitcoin I can't and so the reason is the regulators in these countries don't agree yet that Bitcoin is the standard so if all the regulators agreed that Bitcoin was the standard for the globe you would be 100% correct but that is not the case right now I totally agree with your premise that the globe needs a digital currency 100% would I agree if you told me the Swiss and the euro and the American and the Canadian  I think it's inevitable you're correct, but you have to bet if you're betting on Bitcoin, if you're buying it today at 18,000, whatever it is, that that is going to be the de facto currency. And I don't think you have enough assuredness of that yet. So this is really interesting because there's kind of an evolution of currency. You described it earlier of right now, the volatility makes it really hard to use as an actual currency, right? But obviously as a store of value, somebody like yourself, who's got 5% of your portfolio in gold, do you look at it as, wait,  So it's sort of, if I'm going to do this, am I willing to live with the volatility that that brings into my portfolio, having days where I'm down 10, 12, even 30% on Bitcoin? It's extremely volatile. Gold actually is not that volatile. It's a, you know, somebody who's been around for 2000 years and it's a very good hedge against inflation, still is. But you may be right. If I'm willing to add, let's say 1% of my portfolio to Bitcoin, I would want to know what the most liquid way to do that was. And I haven't even researched it.  everything I do is approved by the regulator. I can't afford to go offside in any way. And every time I talk off the record to the regulators, because I talk to them all the time for various reasons, they're a little squeamish on Bitcoin. They're not quite there yet. When can you get this thing regulated so that I can put millions of dollars into it and know that I'm not offside and that in any way I'm not breaching anything and that frankly, it would be stable. If that was the case, if tomorrow morning we woke up and the SEC said, you can create an ETC,  until it had its big sell off last week and its big run up again today. That kind of volatility scares a lot of people away. Absolutely. And I think what's really interesting is like you really highlighted an important point, which is the Bitcoin ETF, right? Cause people in the Bitcoin community, what they would argue is, yeah, there's companies that have bought Bitcoin, so you can buy the companies and kind of get indirect exposure. There's things like the grayscale Bitcoin trust, which really is kind of this, you know, again, you get an ETF like product, but it's not actually an ETF in international  of ETFs and I live in that world, the majority of my money invested is in ETFs and the ones I've created myself. OUSA, OGIG, OER, OUSM, they've been very good capsules of preservation of wealth for me because I helped design them myself. What I would like to have in a cryptocurrency would give me the top seven cryptocurrencies, put them into an ETF wrapper and let me invest in it with liquidity so that I can, if I want to buy a million dollars worth of it in the morning and sell a million dollars in the afternoon, I can do that in an ETF.  the regulator like the Vinkelwasser twins have done and I think many others have applied for these applications. I even looked at it once, never went anywhere with it because the regulator basically said no. And so until the regulator says, yes, you won't get that institutional, you identified something very early on when we talked about cannabis, the importance of the institutional investor long term to support a sector. You want that institutional investor supporting Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. They're not there yet. It's a slow creep into it.  percentage basis, how do you think about your portfolio construction? Yeah, it's a, it's an interesting question and every investor has a different way of looking at it. Here are the rules I live by that have worked for me. I've even recently been teaching my son. This has gotten very interesting investing too. I never have more than 5% in any one stock or asset. So never more than 5% in any one concentrated elements. That's why gold's only ever 5% of my portfolio. I never have more than 20% in any one sector like energy or technology.  And then for a long time, and this has been a big change for me, for 20 plus years, I had a massive portfolio of real estate. And I've recently taken down that portfolio from a 31% weighting, so way over the 20, it had grown so large and real estate's relatively a liquid. You can't just flip a building. And I've reduced it down to 8% in the last nine months because I'm seeing this digitization of America. I'm using less office space. You know, 78 foot, triple A towers aren't going to be worth  In fact, we're just doing the numbers last week for the year end. I've never had so much cash in my life and I've got to put it back to work. So I'm really, really interested in finding the next mind meds and these big ideas that I can redeploy my capital into. So, you know, America 2.0 is not going to be the same as the old America was. Those old stalwart assets like real estate are going to be worth as much. You know, a movie theater chain or Bed Bath and Beyond, close to one of its stores. I bet you those get converted into a  put in Bitcoin, you'll be very happy, my friend. I can't argue with you, but I gave you a lot of reasons that you got to think it through a little bit. And I think some of those, if we had a debate, I mean, I am not against Bitcoin. I'm not against it. But when you're talking about putting millions of dollars to work, you really want to understand that you can think long term about it. And I have a feeling there'll be other alternative ideas. Maybe I should put some to work. Maybe you've convinced me. It's a major benefit of our time together today. Maybe I put a little  out. They said that banks, you can custody this, right? I agree with you that I know I'm aware of that. But if you actually look at the percentage of their assets invested in Bitcoin, it is so small that it doesn't even show up in an other category. It's 0.0, 0.0, 0.0. But believe me, I know what institutions are doing. That's my whole job, watching institutional funds, sovereign pension plans. Just by the top percent. Just one percent. Yeah, no, it's true. But even the sovereign guys aren't there yet. I mean, when Bitcoin becomes a