 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Brad here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Absolutely. Good to be here. Nice to see you. For sure. For those that didn't listen to the first episode we did, maybe just give us a quick kind of two minutes on your background and what Ripple does. So, real quick, I've been in Silicon Valley doing tech stuff for 23 years. We've got here at 97.com 1.0.  you know, ripple grow from having an idea that the germination of, you know, how we thought about applying these technologies, not in kind of experimentation and speculation, but hey, real utility, let's solve a problem. Let's be clear about who our customer is. You know, we now have publicly shared, we're doing, you know, closing in on a run rate of kind of $10 billion a year of transactions across ripple net, about 20% of that through what we call on demand liquidity, which are XRP enabled,  about it. We're an enterprise software company and we sell software to banks, financial institutions, payment providers that enables them to do real time cross border transfers. Uh, today, you know, we have different value networks. It is, I think, very analogous to early days of the internet where sending an email between AOL and comp you serve, you couldn't act that was not interoperable. They were disparate networks and you couldn't send messages between them. The internet comes along  There's a lot of friction there. I often have used an analogy of an airplane that is the fastest way you want to move money today from San Francisco where I am to London is to actually get on an airplane and fly it there. That's just a crazy thing to say in a world you can stream video from the internet. So Ripple is solving that problem. RippleNet is the network of banks and financial institutions that are connected today that are enabling, I don't know off the top of my head,  So maybe just walk us through as the CEO of a company that is constantly looking at both the United States crypto regulatory framework, but also other countries and other regions. How do you kind of see where the United States is? Maybe where does it kind of rank against other people? Good, bad, ugly. Just kind of give me your general thoughts to start. Well, so first of all, look, I don't know if I said it upfront, but thank you for having me on because I think talking about this stuff is super important for all of us to have kind of a common understanding  some countries, I'll highlight in a constructive way the UK. UK has a very clear taxonomy, it's called the FCA, the Financial Conduct Authority, I think, really took the lead on characterizing what different assets should be viewed based on the use case. I think that helped everybody in the UK know as they thought about crypto, how to use crypto, how the rules for the road were clear.  separate US regulatory bodies, each of them with a different view about, you know, crypto as a property, no crypto as a commodity, no crypto as a virtual currency, or no, could crypto be a security in some cases. And, you know, like for the US, I think we celebrate the leadership the US has had around the Internet of Information as we know it today. And it's in part because early on back in the mid 90s, there was a clear regulatory framework that allowed people to invest with certainty, with  for you, right? So not the things that are uncertain or unknown, but are there specific things that you're like, look, you know, either you guys have a different view or you feel like other jurisdictions are at odds with a certain direction that the US regulatory environment is headed? Yeah, you know, I'm going to answer that question that you're going to think I'm trying to dodge it. I'm not, I want to give a preamble. Oftentimes when I answer my perspective on this, I get the certain elements of the crypto community are like,  today, the US has said, the US Securities Exchange Commission has said, Bitcoin is not a security. They've said Ether is not a security. That has given them the good housekeeping seal of approval. That allows entrepreneurs to say, okay, great, I can build upon that. I can invest in that. I can do that with certainty. For Ripple, because we use XRP in our tech stack, we will go and I've had this experience. I will talk to CEOs of other companies and they'll say, well, look,  We're really enabling China to have an advantage. I actually happen to think the Chinese Communist Party is being extremely strategic. I think they have been focused on dominating next generation technologies. What we saw happen with 5G networks as an example, we lost the 5G race. And I think we're in danger of repeating that mistake in the battle over what I'll just describe as global financial infrastructure and global payments. So look, I think it's a long-winded way of saying we need a level playing field  this token, right? So kind of the initial distribution was what many people would call quote, quote, fair distribution or whatever terminology you want to use. The thing that I think you're highlighting is for pretty much the, I don't know, 98 or 99% of other projects that have some sort of business or commercial use to them. There's not a lot of clarity and it almost sounds like it's not only just the final like security, not security type deciphering,  All right, so let's help people understand how the XRP ledger is decentralized and how it is open source. And frankly, even recently, there have been things that the XRP community have championed for the open source ledger of the XRP ledger that we have opposed that still passed. And if that's not a definition of what is open source technology, like I'm not exactly sure what is, but I think there was a perception that, okay, the first framework was decentralization. And that meant that Bitcoin got the good  been published that are intended to make it clear are frankly really long frameworks that is like, okay, I don't know. I'm pretty educated about all things crypto and I read these things. I'm like, all right, wait a minute. I'm not exactly sure how to think about this. And look, I go back to what I said earlier, it was just recently that the DOJ came out with this report on cryptocurrencies and in talking in some ways how they can be used for illicit purposes. But when just recently you're talking about eight separate US regulatory bodies,  ends up being the end state, you get the kind of, you know, the housekeeping that you described. I think you guys have like a pretty clear path as to like what you'll continue to go do and accelerate and kind of the positive impact on the business. What's the impact if, whether rightly or wrongly, but like there was a decision that like, Hey, XRP is a security. Is that kind of the, like maybe not the death blow, but does that pretty much tie your hands and make it nearly impossible to conduct business in the United States or is there some  But I think if XRP were deemed a security here in the United States, where you have other major G20 markets that have already taken a different view, it's kind of like, I'm not aware of any market globally that thinks XRP is a security. And so you think about it, all right, so why would we here in the United States want to make a decision that's out of sync with other major G20 markets?  technology that isn't controlled by the US, isn't controlled by China, isn't controlled by Ripple. We should want to fuel and foster that. We should want to provide the clarity, the certainty, the level playing field. And I think that if there were a negative determination made, that would mean that, okay, in the United States, people would need to be thinking about if you trade XRP, well, you need a broker dealer license. You also have examples, which today PayPal has  is delayed by the Chinese Communist Party, let's not pretend that if the Chinese Communist Party wants to provide control or oversight in some way of these concentrated miners in China, that's not realistic. And again, I'm not necessarily saying, let's just acknowledge it and let's decide, okay, does it matter? Is it critical? Let's not pretend it's not there. Let's acknowledge it's there. And- Hold on a second. So there's a difference though between could they exert influence over miners that  do anything. They there are miners. If you control the majority of the hash power, the miners are the masters. If you control the majority of the hash power, you know, we have seen 51 percent attacks on other blockchains. If the Chinese Communist Party, I mean, if what you're saying is you don't think the Chinese Communist Party could go into those four miners and say, hey, you need to do X, Y and Z, I would ask you, is that is that the position that you're trying to understand what your argument is in terms of your  miners. No. But they can control the IPO of the largest. I mean, like by comparison. Of course. No, what they can do is they can shut the miners down. Right. But like the Chinese Communist Party does not control Ant Financial in terms of make the business decisions. What they did is they stopped the listing on an exchange. Of course, but they control the exchange. If I come back to you with like maybe five examples where the Chinese Communist Party has actually  when Ant Financial goes to conduct IPO, right? It's very, very well documented that Jack Ma said some things that sounds like it pissed off the CCP and there was whether directly or indirectly, you're not going to take the company public right now, right? Was it a decision made and that was executed. The why it happens is besides the point, it's just the fact that yes, they stopped that from happening. That is, in my opinion, no different than if an outside regulatory  States, it would drastically change the way that you can operate, if not even make it nearly impossible to do it based on how the system's built today? No, I mean, that's too far. Okay. A lot of what Ripple does to the United States, we could continue to no problem. A component of what we do today is our customers of ODL on demand liquidity, they buy XRP from us. If in fact then that as a security, we would have to get a broker dealer license,  And I mean, frankly, most of our customers are non-US customers by a long shot today. And so we could absolutely continue to build the business and grow. We would no longer be a US taxpayer. We paid, I don't know, probably order magnitude, a couple hundred million dollars in taxes here in the United States. And I just think that it doesn't serve, I think, the US agenda to drive us offshore.  Is that like a 10% of customers are in the US or more like 45% more than 90% of ripple net customers are outside of the United States. Wow. That's a huge number. Okay. So look, you know, cause effect and one of the things that's interesting here, I don't, I can't know this. I'm speculating here, but like, if there was more clarity here in the United States and certainty, would that number be different? I don't know. And so I think that's,  the  in the US, is there a world where you just say, basically, not screw the United States, but we're better served just moving everyone outside the United States and just operating the business everywhere but in the US, or is that too aggressive of a position to take? Look, I guess randomly mentioned before, I'm a kid from Kansas, we are a proud US company. Our preference would be to remain a very  For me, I would like Ripple to stay a proud US company. If there are dynamics that limit our ability to be successful here, then of course, I have a fiduciary responsibility. I want to see Ripple be as successful as possible, and I want to do the things that will help achieve that. There's going to be a change in administration. It appears. I'll say it appears because in 2020, I'm not going to think anything is official until it happens.  using Ripple's point of view of like, hey, should the US have improved underlying financial infrastructure? I mean, frankly, even as we saw through the stimulus that the ability to actually have low friction ability to distribute money was challenged. So I think it's a pretty bipartisan. The two things I think may change. I mean, so one, I do think there's more and more understanding of the potential, I'm responding to your commentary, the potential  And how do we think about that? Are there ways that we could improve that? I think you know well, Pomp, that Ripple has worked with regulators since the very beginning and somewhat in the earliest days of crypto, controversially. And I don't think any administration change here in the US is going to have a material impact of change. It's a bipartisan issue. Both sides of the aisle care about transparency for consumer protection.  or like a Brian Brooks, he's temporary head of the OCC right now. Maybe he stays, maybe he doesn't. Yeah. So what is kind of the, does, is there material change if either one of those, well, Jay Clayton is definitely stepping down and Brian may or may not stay. Like does that have an impact or again, is this so much bigger than any one person or one organization? And it really has to be kind of a national, almost a focus, right? To kind of get this clarification.  positive for the industry. And again, I think if if we believe these technologies around crypto and blockchain are consequential and we want to put the U.S. in a position to lead that next generation, I think the the leadership from the O.C.C. and under Brian Brooks has been a very big deal. You know, what does it mean for Jake Clayton to step down? I don't know. You know, it depends a lot on who is coming in as the next chair and what priorities they set.  Then you add ETH into the good housekeeping and ETH outperformed the whole market. That's just logical. That makes sense if there's clarity and certainty. Look, I think the SEC has tried very hard to get the abusive activity that was represented by the ICOs. Before you and I had met, I certainly was outspoken in my belief that ICOs were fraught with risk and likely to bring the ire of the SEC, I think it did.  related to COVID. How has that impacted both your guys' business, but also potentially, you think, the crypto regulation? Look, I think there's a well-understood dynamic where a lot of trends that preceded the quarantine were already happening. I just think that the quarantine and dynamics associated with that have accelerated those trends. Crypto is one beneficiary of that. The move away from cash to more digital transactions,  where we thought it would grow more than 5x. On the other hand, if you say to most people, like, hey, we're growing a 5x year on year, you're like, holy shit, that's fast growth. So we're probably a little bit behind where I thought we would be. So I don't want to pretend that COVID hasn't been an impact. But look, in many ways, remittances are as important as ever. The cost of remittances, the friction remittances are as important as ever. And I think that bringing that to the fore and helping people understand how Ripple is solving those problems for  one body and they can just say, hey, here's the rules from now on, go forth and do what you want. Is there some other kind of solution that you're looking for? No, I think the DCEA would be a perfect example of the DCA, I mean, the Digital Commodity Exchange Act that I commented about earlier, it would be a major step forward towards regulatory clarity. And I think it would provide, allow US companies to be able to compete on equal footing  I know I every once in a while, much to the frustration of the communications team at ripple every once in a while. It happens mostly when I'm on a flight and I'm bored. I'll get on Twitter and I'll start commenting, which gives them a lot of angst that what's Brad saying? I get on there once in a while. Look, the challenge is, of course, there's a lot of I mean, Frank, that's a reflection of the politics of the United States. There's a lot of vitriol sometimes just like, OK, come on, you know, and like I  a