 All right, guys, bang, bang. I had Diogo here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Thank you so much for having me. All right. Let's jump right into your background. What did you do before Anchorage? Yeah, so maybe we can start 15 years ago. My my career started in the academic realm. So I did a bachelor's, a master's and a PhD in computer science. Funny enough, 12 years ago, I was publishing academic papers and things.  I was working. So it was a very, very fast transition. And I was very early employee at Square. Cool claim to fame there is that I actually have the patent on the little encrypted credit card reader that I'm sure you've swiped your credit card on. And also that it was Square the same week. Nathan and I, my now co-founder and the person that I've been alongside for the past 10 years, we met at Square the same week. So that's actually kind of the beginning of the story of Anchorage is that first week at Square. And so leading the platform security team at Square and then after four years,  Anchorage, kind of why did you guys want to go do this? Yeah, what happened was I would say the universe handed us in a silver platter the one business that were uniquely qualified for. If you think about the background, you know, academic experience in distributed systems, financial experience and payments, you know, moving hundreds of billions of dollars of payments and then infrastructure security at Docker. And the Venn diagram is literally private keys that are worth hundreds of billions of dollars.  led to another more consulting gig start coming in until I really didn't have time in the day to deal with all of this. Nathan and I had been working together for seven years. We were the perfect team with a perfect background to start this. And so that's kind of how the original idea came to be was from out of clients need. When somebody calls you and says that $10 million, I'll give you 20% if you can get in. Do you say yes, I'll try? Oh yeah, absolutely. You do. Absolutely. You do. Especially when you realize that it's going to be a lot easier than you thought it was going to be because  And I think that's actually pretty clear because we've seen three years ago, there were no institutional custodians platforms in the space. And now, uh, and three years ago, self custody was very common and running rampant and a lot of people were having issues. And now that's, you know, it's long gone. Self custody is no longer really a relevant part. Uh, people are trusting custodians like ourselves and platforms like ourselves, like Anchorage to actually do, do these services. And so it's been a dramatic shift over the past three years. Absolutely. And so talking about the, the,  We also had very, very large crypto funds, venture capital firms, some of which were registered investor advisors and needed a third-party custodians to actually host them. So it was very obvious to us that going the qualified custodian route, a regulated platform to store these assets was actually the right path. And that's what actually started Anchorage. So now Anchorage is very much a regulated digital asset platform. And we can call ourselves a platform because we provide both the services and the infrastructure that  me is most of the early businesses in crypto, they really focused on brokerage models, right? Kind of the exchange businesses. And those are fantastic businesses to be in. They can be highly profitable. And kind of there's, you know, pick your example that you want to look at across the world. But what we know from the traditional finance world is the companies that focus on deposits and payments tend to actually have much more scalable business models. They can grow to be much bigger, right? I always use actually the example of the difference between like a Robin hood and a square when I  then basically put to work these digital assets that you have with us, right? Yeah, absolutely. Actually, so let's use that comparison. Let's look at the traditional prime brokerage stack, right? You do have custody in the traditional prime brokerage stack, and you have custody services, administration services, and then you obviously have brokerage. You have securities lending. You have capital introduction. We have all these services. But one thing that you note that is fundamentally different between crypto and traditional world is the fact that in the traditional world, all of those building blocks  the collateral if you're just a borrower. And so what has been happening is there's definitely been, and I'm sure you've seen this, a vertical integration of custody into everybody's stack. It doesn't matter where you start with. If you start as an exchange, you now have a custody product or you partnered or you bought. If you started by doing lending, now you have a custody service that you are trying to add. If you started by just doing a best execution service, you realize quickly that you actually have to own some portion of the stack. So custody really is the building block that is in common with all  And so you now have much, much larger aspirations, but before we get to those larger aspirations, let's talk about just who's using the product, right? So what are the types of customers? I don't want any names, but just that you see either coming inbound or you guys reach out and end up going ahead and choosing to work with you guys. Are these large asset managers or are these just wealthy individuals? Is it a mix? How do you break down your customers? Yeah. Three years ago, it was primarily crypto funds in VC firms. That was very obvious. People investing in these assets  You also have felt file coin mining. You also have the protocols themselves. Anchorage has the protocols treasuries. So people actually leave the assets with Anchorage protocols themselves when they're, when they're launching a new project, they want to keep the treasury with a platform that gives them all these types of services, the financing, the custody, the APIs. And so they use this. So protocols is a big, big portion of client based for Anchorage, large institutional asset managers, traders, active traders that use our trading API.  And so all of a sudden that type of client, which was in existence three years ago, it is now, you know, one of the, one of the places where we're spending the most time on. Talk a little bit about, uh, when you walk in, I'm assuming that there's a conversation around technology and then we're all called kind of career-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-based, uh, business-  How have you navigated that, been able to convince people that Anchorage is the best solution in the marketplace, even though you are relatively young compared to... Somebody's been around for 100 years. Yeah. I think one of them is show our work. And the way that we show our work is, if you get a demo of our platform, and if you see our systems operating, you immediately get a sense of... You understand that the quality that you're seeing reflects itself throughout the whole stack.  competence. We have a SOC 1. We have insurance by Aeon. We have lending licenses. We have a qualified custodian as a choice chartered South Dakota company. And so we have all of these check boxes that people are looking for. Let's look at Anchorage as a company. SOC 1, check, insured, check, qualified custodian, check. All of a sudden, the people that are just, nobody has ever gotten fired for hiring IBM, nobody's ever gotten fired for following this checklist and  towards Anchorage. And then finally, what I would say is the brands that use us are the most technically sophisticated brands. As I mentioned, if you really care about crypto and if you know who the right clients are, our Rolodex of clients really speaks for itself. And so nobody ever got fired for using the same custodian as Visa. It is also something that you can say. I love that. Let's talk about the recent news, which is that you guys filed for a national bank charter.  first  now has to have a Bitcoin or crypto strategy, right? PayPal, Square, like there's just too many players that come from like a FinTech perspective that are large that it feels like now the hand is forced and every single financial institution has to have that. Is that what you're seeing as well? That's exactly what we're seeing. We're seeing two distinct things though. I would separate it between bulge brackets and how they're coming into the space and what they're asking for and the new banks or the challenger banks, so to speak. The challenger banks are very much coming to the space and saying, Hey,  my clients and I want a subcustodian partnership. Can you do this for me?" Which is slightly different than what the challenger banks are coming from. Also, the bulge bracket banks are a lot more interested in things like issuance of stable currencies and trying to own that, or they're a lot more interested in lending and how they can actually expend that business line for them and how they can actually use Bitcoin as collateral for fiat loans. So all those services of Anchorage that we already have. So we already have a silver  into that, who has this already available? And then Anchorage becomes the obvious place of proven custodian, proven platform already has this up and running already has clients for all these services. So they just want to come in and partner. So yes, they're coming in and depending on who they are, they're coming in for a slightly different sets of services. What's been the most surprising thing when you talk to kind of legacy financial players, is it what they're asking for? Is it maybe what they're not asking about? Like what would just, what's been some surprises in those conversations? Well,  initiative where they want to partner with with Anchorage because they want to say they have a blockchain strategy. It is no longer that. That was the case two years ago, three years ago and before. That was very much the case where people are just investigating and trying to see what the space was all about. Right now they're coming with very specific services and saying, Hey, I want to provide this service. How do you encourage, make it easier for me to provide the service safely? And so that's the answer. And so the RFI's and the RFP's are a lot more targeted. And that's really amazing to see because it really speaks to  incredible to kind of watch this happen so quickly. Talk a little bit about how price impacts the interest level coming from them. I'm assuming as they see price go up, they are saying, wait, maybe we should be doing this on a faster timeline. Or, you know, this was going to be a second half next year exercise. Maybe we need to kind of move it up in our priority list. What are you seeing there related to price? Yeah, that's it. It's a hard one. Two years ago and the last or three years ago when we had the last  So it's actually funny because I don't see a lot of people just jumping into it because of FOMO this time around. I just see them, hey, this proves our point. Like it just increases the priority of the project internally at our institution more than now this is the thing that we need to do that we weren't doing before. So I think that's actually fundamentally different from three years ago. Yeah, that's really interesting. And then I guess the other big difference is COVID, which is probably impacting you guys internally and also externally. How has that played out? I think the biggest impact  But otherwise, I will actually point out that the pandemic has been very beneficial to crypto and specifically very beneficial to Anchorage. And I'll give you a couple of reasons as to why. The first one is the competition in the space in terms of technology for safekeeping of assets and for asset platform is still primarily cold storage. That's what other people are offering. And cold storage relies on humans. And if humans can go to offices and to banks, how do they actually transact crypto? And the answer is they don't.  And so, COVID shutting down everybody else's offices and banks and needs to bring humans, making it harder to bring humans together to do key signing, et cetera, et cetera, all those parties, all ceremonies that you need to do for cold storage that actually improved Anchorage's service comparatively with everybody else. It brought to light, oh wow, this is really a way better way of doing the platform. And why were we doing pirate custody in the first place? Like bearing these keys in islands and putting them in treasure chests in the first place. This makes no sense that we have digital assets.  Are you seeing corporations coming to you guys or is that more like now it's an opportunity but not yet there's the interest? Well, we've definitely seen them come to Anchorage. Yes. So we're actively talking to many of them and our services again, as I mentioned, we do have the full stack both on the infrastructure side and on the services side. So they can come to Anchorage to not just safe keep, but buy, sell, finance, have pricing, do all sorts of different things. And one of the interesting aspects here is that capital preservation  is decentralized finance. I think that if you look at Bitcoin as an application of decentralized finance or decentralized money, there's now this entirely new industry that's being built, everything from decentralized exchanges to lending mechanisms, etc. You guys are embracing a lot of that and empowering it. How do you think about the balance between centralization from the company versus the decentralized component of some of this? Do you see  really want to spend the time building an infrastructure that supports hundreds of different assets. That is a qualified custodian that has insurance that has all of these services on top. You're not going to spend that money. And that's how companies do these things, right? They specialize or either they specialize in their own area or they take somebody out from the market that specializes in that and can offer a mortgage cheaply. So that's how I see it. It doesn't really matter that it's decentralized or centralized. These companies need help and we're just here to provide help.  So we're actually impacting the way in the direction of these blockchains because you're voting through Anchorage. We're talking about yield opportunities. So we support compound and people can actually go through Anchorage to try to participate in some of these yields farming or these yield generating opportunities. But at the end of the day, if you think about it, Anchorage does really care where you generate your yield. In fact, Anchorage is here to pay you. And so if the yield opportunities are in CFI and it is traditional lending,  lending and taking advantage of these opportunities. But Encourage really at the end of the day doesn't care. We are here to allow you access to crypto and DeFi is crypto the same way that stable assets are crypto, the same way that Bitcoin is crypto, the same way that, you know, I guess depending on who you ask, Libra is crypto. All of these different things are different ways of interacting with blockchain, interacting with technology and Encourage is just a platform that allows institutions to do it. At the end of the day, we do not see, we do not believe that the platform should dictate what  two books I read this year that come to mind that are the most exciting ones versus the most important book. I think the most important book has been different for me in different phases of my life. At some point, I think a book about networking was the most important book for me, which right now, no actual networks, but ethernet networks, not really anything more than that. That was the most important book for me at that specific span of time. But this year, two books that I really enjoyed, one of them on the fantasy side by Brandon Sanderson,  But by and large, what I do is I split my reading into 50% fantasy, 25% technical books, and 25% Silicon Valley, mumbo jumbo. I love that breakdown. 50% fantasy is a hefty investment there. Speaking of fantasy, second question is more fun. Aliens, are you a believer or a non-believer? I think I'm a believer.  probably are not going to come in contact. You could ask me one question to wrap this up. What do you got for me? Well, actually I'm going to turn this around and say, what is the most impactful book that you've read? Because that's a really hard question. Yeah. Oh, there we go. So many times I, everyone, uh, so rich, that poor dad thinking girl, rich and, uh, the richest man in Babylon were definitely the three. I read them, uh, back to back to back when I was like 20, 21 years old. Uh, this would have been the most impactful in my life.  the idea that competition is for losers, build a monopoly, all that kind of stuff. And I think really it's a completely different way of thinking. It really forced a lot of people to change their actions. And so the books are... I talk about them all the time, but that piece of content, I think, is probably one of the more impactful ones that I haven't mentioned before. And what percentage of your guests actually say the Bitcoin white paper has the most important thing that they've read?  You know, it's always one of my first suggestions is like, Hey, you should go read this. You should, you know, a couple other pieces of content, but, um, on the positive side, a lot of them have it framed on their walls. So, you know, uh, that's also, that is true. That is very true. Um, so we'll, we'll, we'll see, but, um, all right, where can we send, uh, people to find you on the internet or find out more about Anchorage? Yeah. Anchorage is at anchorage.com. It's the easiest way to get in contact with us. And as far as I'm concerned,