 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Sergei here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Thank you for having me. Good. Good to chat with you again. Thank you. Absolutely. For those that didn't listen to the first episode that we did together, maybe give us a quick, you know, two minutes on your background and what chain link does. Sure. So I've been building smart contracts now for over seven years. Uh, through that time I've  generally only know about what's inside of them. And the ability for them to know what's outside of them is what enables things like DeFi and decentralized insurance and all these use cases that I've been working on for a number of years. So basically, I've started to focus my time and energy on the body of work around Oracles. And Oracles are the technology that solve this problem. So they allow you to retain the security of a smart contract and its extreme reliability while connecting it to less secure systems.  What is DeFi and what's driving the growth of the DeFi industry right now?  and tokenization has been the predominant focus of these technologies, which is fine because tokenization generates a lot of value and it brings a lot of value into the ecosystem that can then be put into various formats. But at the end of the day, that's not all that smart contracts and blockchains do. And what decentralized finance is, is the creation of financial products, usually around the crypto asset format. So around tokens like Bitcoin or other tokens, and it generates an ecosystem of  deliver on the promises that the global financial system seeks to deliver on, but because of certain technical limitations is enabled, is enabled to. Got it. And so when you think of, um, kind of the decentralized finance industry today, how would you look at the progress that's been made since the last time we talked, are we, you know, 20% better, 200% better? Just how do you kind of think about the progress? Um, and then maybe compare  There's basically, I would say, maybe three really important events that have happened. One of the events is that you have highly reliable oracles. So you have an ability for decentralized financial smart contracts to gain access to external data. And that's a necessary starting point for them to build something useful. And the amount of data that's now on a blockchain like Ethereum or others,  now that you didn't necessarily see before as much is you're seeing the ability to compose different DeFi protocols together into more advanced protocols. So what you're seeing now is a very historically significant thing, I think, because once in an analogy, once the web began to have enough libraries and enough APIs, you had developers compose those libraries and APIs into  code that you could consider essentially on-chain code libraries that other protocols then come and use pieces of. Now you have a larger and larger body of work that's open source and that's being continually improved instead of everybody making their own version, which is how you arrive at the type of libraries and developer resources that underpinned the leading applications and leading killer apps that make the web and the mobile revolution happen.  is that you have on-chain financial products that are able to return a yield of anywhere between 1 to 8%, and they're able to do that for billions of dollars in value, and they're able to do that extremely securely. And they're able to properly secure billions of dollars in value while creating transparency, and they're able to be built by people that didn't need to build every single piece of that product. So they were able to take a piece  of building blocks. And that has led to more and more usage, but really the usage is at a fraction of what I think will be. Because if you look at the basic numbers, if we're anywhere between 10 and 15 billion in the DeFi kind of ecosystem, depending on the day, and the amount of value in the crypto format that can make its way into DeFi is in the $450 billion range, then  to have assets in the crypto format in order for that asset to gain the benefit of DeFi.  It's viewed by more and more people as a hedge against inflation, which is set to occur. And so both of those factors, I think, are extremely important to underpin its usefulness and adoption to both the average person, as shown by PayPal or somebody like that saying, we want to provide access to this, or through things like micro strategy buying $250 million in Bitcoin. So both institutions and individuals, there's a lot of proxies  that might be viewed as untrustworthy or unreliable or might not even get as good a rate of return as you would get somewhere else, right? So I think the third piece of the puzzle that DeFi really brings is the ability for a Bitcoin to get a rate of return of anywhere from 1% to 8% by being just like the Bitcoin is trustlessly owned by you. Now you can trustlessly engage in a financial product with this asset.  able to see Bitcoin as not only a hedge against inflation just through mere ownership and not only as an inversely correlated asset with bad monetary policy, what becomes publicly considered to be bad monetary policy, but also as an asset that provides a rate of return, a yield generating asset or an asset that can be put into some kind of market where it can be used as collateral or can be used to basically generate yield for the holder.  If you're getting a yield of 5% or 8%, then you have an asset that gives you much, much better yield. And I think this is what decentralized financial products in whatever ecosystem that they come to exist in can make happen for Bitcoin. And I think you see this already being appreciated by certain holders of Bitcoin through the over $1 billion that have already flown into  as generated by the DeFi ecosystem, the more Bitcoin adoption will happen. And so I think it's an extremely positive relationship where Bitcoin is informing a lot of people about trustless computation and all these types of guarantees that a crypto asset should have and has. And it's getting people comfortable with the ideas that you don't want a financial institution to control every aspect of your relationship with your  Right.  And  And now it's kind of evolved into this globally known and increasingly attractive inflation hedge and inversely correlated asset for bad monetary policy. Like that's what I consistently hear now from pretty much everybody. And that's fine. That's a very good position for that asset to be in. And if other people build systems that are underpinned by Bitcoin security or not underpinned by Bitcoin security,  might make those systems and therefore the hash power of the Bitcoin chain more valuable and more useful in certain ways. That's entirely possible. But I think that that is probably a secondary consideration for Bitcoin. I think the main consideration for Bitcoin right now is how does it become the first globally recognized, governmentless, decentralized kind of asset?  I don't think that whether Bitcoin becomes a platform to actually house these financial products is particularly critical to success. I don't think that's something it's sought out immensely over the years. I think part of the success of Bitcoin is because of its extreme focus. And that focus continues to be hedge against inflation, inversely correlated with bad monetary policy, and basically private key control digital asset that nobody can take for granted.  real world examples, but just what is the Oracle kind of importance in this infrastructure and how do you see that evolving over time? Sure. So there's a few different categories of what an Oracle does. At the simplest level, what an Oracle will be able already does successfully in the DeFi landscape is provide data. So smart contracts exist in these blockchain based kind of  changes in state, right? And what oracles do is they enable data to flow into that into that environment because that environment is purposefully and will continue to be limited in its capacity to interact with something called an API or a data feed or basically any external system. And this is the sense in which a blockchain only knows what's in a blockchain itself. And usually what that is, is the signatures from private keys and token  that I was talking about because you can properly value assets and you can return yield on those assets. You also need price data to make derivatives markets, which generate their own type of exposure and yield and all kinds of various types of returns. And then another example would be weather data. So what weather data does is it provides data about rainfall and temperature and it allows the creation of something like crop insurance. So for example, one of our users, Arbol, they generate crop insurance  is they provide a lot of data which allows people to make financial products that accrues greater and greater amounts of value into the smart contract format in various other types of contracts that were previously not in existence on a blockchain. Lending, derivatives, insurance products, and as this value in the smart contract on chain format grows and grows and grows, it actually begins a virtuous cycle because as you get insurance premiums  the ability to do computations that blockchains and smart contracts can't or don't do for scalability or complexity reasons. One of those examples is something like randomness. So now in our system, we have something called Chainlink VRF. It took us well over a year, close to two years to put it together. We got it audited by some top auditors and it's actually a novel form of generating on-chain verifiable randomness. So we can prove that there's a source of randomness that is unguarded  put onto that system. And then the NFTs, for example, that might be generated by a randomness outcome because people know they're generated fairly and that nobody is gaming the system to generate NFTs as a way to steal from other users, to generate the good NFTs for themselves. Those NFTs, those non-fungible tokens, those kinds of digital goods, digital assets become more valuable. And then they also flow into the DeFi ecosystem. The third and final example that I think is relevant to the point earlier  that's in existence somewhere else. And that creates a greater level of assurance that the WBTC is true, truly about a real Bitcoin and increases its adoption in various DeFi protocols and various kinds of products as a form of collateral, right? So what an Oracle network does there is create various assurances that the collateral or the asset in a DeFi protocol can be relied upon and that gives it  that stable coin. And so what I think Oracle Networks do is they both create a data rich environment where as we put more and more data on chain about new commodities, new various markets, we see various decentralized financial products popping up around those markets. It also provides a large amount of surety about how some of these protocols work, whether  certain mortgage holder had and returning that data into a transparent financial system, then the boom and bust cycle of the 2008 financial crisis wouldn't have been nearly as large. And so, or oracles basically provide both data and assurances that the value within DeFi is actually there. Yeah. Talk a little bit about what needs to happen for oracles and DeFi to go more mainstream.  format, we see anywhere between $10 to $15 billion in the DeFi format, and we see more from the crypto format flowing into DeFi. And we see a number of protocols and a number of teams becoming successful and successful enough to stand on their own two feet for many years to get financing and to continue to exist as teams that make DeFi protocols. So you basically have an ecosystem that has enough capital within it so that people can make financial products  enough to have really high quality DeFi teams, like Synthetix and Aave and Yurn and others, building better and better financial products and doing that at kind of a breakneck pace. And I think what that'll lead to is better and better financial products on chain, more and more usable financial products on chain, and actually more accessibility to those. And I think one of the other drivers of that is yield. The ability for these financial products to generate anywhere from 1% to 8%  And all that's going to really happen is the rails to do that are just going to get more and more polished, probably such that even Robinhood or various other web interfaces that already own users end up using the protocols that are being built today to do that. Because at the end of the day, those applications seek to provide people yield. They seek to provide returns. They don't really care where the returns come from as long as they can get those returns and as long as they can get them in a reliable security.  a lot of monetary policy and fiscal stimulus and all kinds of different stimulus, right? Possibly that's what's kept the global financial market going past what is likely to have probably been a bust cycle if none of this happened, right? But invariably, the nature of global financial markets have a massive boom and bust dimension. That's unfortunately the nature of these markets. There's debt cycles around that. There's all kinds of proof that that's how it works.  When things go bad, as they do in a bust cycle, people go to the other side of the spectrum. They become hypersensitive. And this is actually proven by the places where you've seen these kind of smaller bust cycles. For example, a few years ago, Greece locked up all of its ATMs, and you can only withdraw 66 euros as an individual or an entity. So whether you had a business or you're an individual, you can only get 66 euros. And Bitcoin wallet registration numbers from Greek IPs went up 300%.  predictability. It no longer provides them safety. It no longer provides them yield or what it says it provides is reliable access to your assets, yield to combat inflation, and these basic things because bust cycles basically lead to solvency issues. Those solvency issues show people that their relationship with institutions is not what they thought they were. Once people see that  kind of relationship they have with their assets in those institutions become proven to be much less reliable and much less safe than they thought. This time when people look around and say, what are my alternatives? Blockchains will be front and center saying, we've been telling you for a decade or more that this is going to happen. And we've been building a system for a decade or more to combat exactly this problem  did happen or a version of that, even a version of that ever happened, the hypersensitivity of people on that point will, in my internal language, be called what I call the fast case. And the fast case will be, my God, I have to, it turns out my relationship with my assets is completely different than what I thought. How can I achieve holding of assets in places other than my mattress while  then you will see a very sharp adoption of it. Absolutely. What are you looking out over the next 12 months, maybe 24 months? What are the milestones that you're paying attention to or the data points that you're watching where you're like, look, this is either going to signal that things are drastically accelerating or decelerating. What are those milestones and data points? I think total value locked in DeFi is an important milestone.  being generated in various contexts by banks and the success that I think some custody providers are going to have because of that, which signals basically institutional adoption. The problem for institutions is custody and the fact that good custody providers are getting financing rounds and gaining adoption basically suggests that there's a lot of institutions gearing up to custody crypto assets. I think it would be those three things. How much value is locked into the  and PayPal and others have said, you know, this crypto asset thing is not fully understood by me, but I think it's good enough. I think it's close enough that I should have some kind of relationship to it. I should allow my users to consume it. I should own some Bitcoin in my treasury as an institution, you know, these types of things. Right. So I think those would be the three things that I would keep an eye on.  simply don't know that this is an option. They simply don't know that they have the option of a more reliable, better yield generating, kind of more secure financial product as an option. They just don't know that. And the reason they don't know that is because there's no, there's not a sufficient force pushing them to know that. You know, they're kind of going through their daily lives and they're used to using the products and the assets they have, and they're fine with that. And that makes sense when everything's good.  But that'll be immediately apparent. You won't need any kind of idea of like, is that happening or not? That'll be happening very clearly. Yeah. I love your framework of kind of the fast case and the slow case. So, okay, listen, I really, really appreciate the time. This is fantastic. You guys have been doing a ton of work. And, you know, I think I told you last time that anytime the word Oracle comes up immediately, your name comes up and the work you guys are doing. So that's a huge kudos to all that hard work. Where can we send people to find out more about  shortage of the link Marines. That's for sure. They are all over Twitter. Listen, sir. Thank you so much for, uh, for your time. And we will definitely have to do this again in the future. My pleasure. Thank you for having me.