 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have Mr. Nick Carter here with us. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. My pleasure. Great to be back. Episode appearance number two with you. Very exciting. Absolutely. Let's for those who didn't listen to the first episode, maybe just give us a quick rundown of your background and then what you're doing with Castle Island and with coin metrics. Sure. So I am a general partner at Castle Island  We're seeing it happening already. We can talk about it today. That's, I think, one of the causes for this current bull run. We're seeing that convergence happen in real time. That's what we're betting on. Those are the businesses that we fund. Also, I co-founded this capital markets data business focusing on blockchain data called CoinMetrics. That emerged out of an open source project that I started when I was still in business school. I was solving my own problem.  on Bitcoin and other digital assets. I've since left Fidelity, but that was my first sort of professional foray into the crypto industry. Got it. And so I want to first start off with you recently put out a bunch of awesome research using the coin metrics data. One of the first things that you talked about was everyone is looking at the twenty thousand dollar price per Bitcoin as kind of the all time high. You are one of the first people that says, wait a second. I don't actually think that's the best way to measure kind of an all  refer to market cap to for. But the point I was making there was, look, if you want to measure Bitcoin as a system for storing wealth, we're actually going to be hitting the all time high well before we hit the unit price all time high, because the number of bitcoins that exist has increased in the last three years. I mean, it's increased from, I think you can correct me on this, but it's something like 16 million  Much more aggressively than I solid abraded the market cap all time high. But it's still an important milestone. We can now credibly say Bitcoin as an economic system is storing more wealth than ever. Absolutely. And you also then wrote a piece that kind of highlighted nine different metrics. We're not going to go through all of them now. You've talked about them with other people, but some of them were really interesting. Everything from kind of foreign currency, so non-US dollar denomination hitting all time high.  I've been drowning in crypto data for years and years now. It's literally part of the reason coin metrics exists. I had a rapacious demand for more crypto data. So I take advantage of that. I'll go to the analysts and the engineers all the time and ask for some new data feed. It's amazing. I recommend that everybody starts a data company. Highly, highly recommended. You get a ton of access to data. You're an investor. You invest in data companies too.  measures of the broad money supply for dollars, those are all survey-based. There's a lot of estimates involved. The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis publishes all this great data on the FRED website. They don't really know how many dollars exist, probably not even to the last billion. The availability and the abundance of data in crypto and Bitcoin is really amazing. I'm not even answering your question. Probably the answer is it depends what I'm interested in on that particular day.  dispersion. What is the distribution of ownership on these blockchains? Is it contracting? Is it getting more distributed? More distributed is good. That means there's more people that are holding units. That's one of the metrics that I had in that nine charts piece. I look at that for Bitcoin, Ethereum. I want to see what kinds of holders are owning these digital assets. Typically, is it amounts that are consistent with retail investors?  really high quality, they aggregate a ton of data, coin metrics, and market data. Also, I'll look at the premium on the grayscale product. That's certainly interesting information in there. I'll look at the, whether we're in contango or backwardation, I'll look at the futures markets, I'll look at the volumes on the various exchanges in particular CME. So there's a ton. I mean, sometimes I, recently I spent a week just looking at doing analytics  the things that you think about?  the  older demographic, probably a slightly wealthier demographic, people that are, they just want to interact with the brokerage that they trust. They don't want to make an account on Coinbase or any of the spot exchanges. And so that pressure to me, if this market's being led by, by GBDC and there's some evidence that it is, that pressure is quite good. That's sort of a more traditional, you know, set of investors. There's a lot more capital there than there is from, from millennials, you know? Yeah. One of the things that really fascinating to me  feels like, you know, we could be pushing towards a liquidity crunch where just like literally there is so much Bitcoin being bought up that nobody wants to sell at lower prices. There's not any Bitcoin to be sold because the incoming supply has been cut in half. And so you actually get this like really weird, almost parabolic like price movement or something similar to that. But it's not driven by like retail FOMO. It's literally just by market structure of there not being enough liquid  I think maybe yesterday, they're well above it now. I mean, the product is just going gangbusters. It's really not that implausible to imagine a world where grayscale becomes a hundred billion dollar asset manager. I mean, you know, an asset manager on that top tier with other, you know, traditional asset managers. You know, one thing I will note though, is that it's impossible to kind of run out of Bitcoin. You just sort of reprice it.  will sell their investment gold. This is gold which is semi market relevant, but it's not on the market. The unit price of gold goes up enough, that gold that's sort of held in cold storage, so to speak, that can become market relevant again, you get resell it into the market. We see the same thing with Bitcoin. Bitcoin's sort of one year active supply though, is at a low. I mean, it's really comparatively low. So I think this new cycle that seems like we're entering here will  I'm going to keep a really close watch on that. Got it. And so obviously that that one year kind of 12 month metric around what hasn't moved, I think the high I've seen so far is around 63 percent, give or take. What is the metric you look at or the time frame you look at to determine what won't come into the market? So regardless of price, is it 10, 20 percent of Bitcoin? Is it 50 percent, 30 percent? Like, how do you think about what is the amount of Bitcoin that either is  They wanted it to be standardized across many crypto assets. So they picked the five year. Interestingly, theorem just turned five. So according to that metric, Ethereum became there. Free float supply declined substantially when they hit that anniversary. But yeah, I would pick the five year for that. My other rule of thumb would be about 20 percent of Bitcoin we can presume is lost or truly inert. Of course, it's not verifiably lost. We did do an analysis of the bitcoins that we know  categories, bitcoins that were presuming our loss. But of course, you know, Satoshi's bitcoins, they can come back online. There's nothing preventing them. We are just assuming that whoever controls those keys is not interested in ever bringing them onto the market, given that they've never really moved any of them. They're still sitting in their Coinbase outputs of 50 apiece, you know, a few thousand outputs like that never moved. But of course, we're just assuming that they're completely  However, the bearish part of that, I would say would be that, you know, clearly the entity Satoshi has returned and is selling out their coins. So to me, just symbolically, it would be bearish because it implies that, you know, Satoshi has lost faith or they're just not interested in being involved anymore. I don't think it'll ever happen, but that would be the bearish element for me. Yeah. You mentioned earlier DeFi and you had done kind of a pretty deep dive there.  fund. But I figured I owed it to the industry to get smart about DeFi. I don't want to be ignorant about one of the more explosive trends. So I would say I divide DeFi mentally into two different interrelated phenomena. So one is the DeFi infrastructure, which is an infrastructure which permits a variety of financial transactions, swaps, interest rate swaps, permissionless leverage. Some people call it lending, I don't necessarily consider  of the world, the things that people actually trade in DeFi. And those I probably have a lot more questions about, about the long-term value accrual potential of a pseudo equity is what I call it, because it has some of the features of equity. You know, you have some control rights, some governance rights, and you have an implied claim on certain cash flows, right? If you own Uniswap or comp, you might anticipate that the governance would malleate that system.  you know, mainly from a data-driven perspective. The infrastructure is at a very impressive state of maturity, honestly, and the UX of using DeFi, in some cases, far surpasses using CFI, especially for trading, but still open questions as it pertains to, you know, the DeFi tokens. And when you mentioned the lending component of this, are you talking about kind of this yield farming or are you talking about something else?  Right. In commercial banking, you know, the bank is performing diligence on the person they're giving a mortgage to, for instance, right? So the bank is just intermediary between the savers, the deposit funds, and then between the businesses and the individuals that they lend to. But they're performing diligence. And if that, you know, loan goes bad, and someone defaults on the loan, they have recourse. They can claim your house, they can claim your car, they can claim your collateral, you know, whatever you've stumped up.  get recourse if someone runs off with an under-clateralized loan. Yeah. One of the other things I wanted to talk about is there was a recent blog post written by Jesse Felder, who I think most of us really respect from a macroeconomic standpoint and an investment standpoint. But he basically said, don't ask me about Bitcoin. And he rehashed, depending on who you asked, critiques from 2013 or 2017. I saw you responded on Twitter.  and kind of berate them until they pay attention. Is it something like, yeah, we just have to accept that that's gonna be a trend? Like, how do you just view that part of maybe where we are in the market cycles? Yeah, my opinion on this has evolved for sure. I mean, part of our job as capital allocators is talking to these larger pools of capital that might allocate to our vehicles and educating them about the industry. And you've done a great job of this. And this is something that I think  but they haven't really given any real thought to it. They don't really understand it as an investment asset and coaching them up through that process of discovery. But what I would say is a necessary condition for that to be successful has to be some genuine enthusiasm or at least a curiosity for the asset class. It looks like Jesse in this case is negatively disposed towards the industry. My current view on that is some people are probably not going to come  since 2017. Now is an opportune time to go to them and say, hey, look, it's back. Maybe you should be rethinking your prior assumptions about the industry. And I always have a lot of success doing that. I gave a talk at an enormous financial institutions the other day. And I won't say which one, but my moderator was working on private blockchains that was part of their mandate, which is kind of crazy to me in 2020, private blockchains. But that's fine.  way. But as I said, your counterparty has to be somewhat open minded for that process to work. So you got to pick your battles basically. For sure. And speaking of open minded, if you had asked me up until last week, Ray Dalio would have fallen in the, you know, we agree on all the problems. We don't agree on the solution. And he doesn't sound very open minded, but he had this thread on Twitter where he basically said, look, you know, maybe I'm missing something. And if somebody wants to educate me on it, then  There's almost no Wall Street legend left to kind of go capture in the mythical game of like, you know, convincing people of Bitcoin, right? We still have Warren Buffett, but I don't think he's ever going to come around. But Ray's particularly interesting case, right, as you implied earlier in the episode, because he does have this view that we have an enormous debt overhang. Dare I say a debt crisis in front of us, debt to GDP ratios are off the charts. You know, you look at monetary issuance in the long term.  his book, Big Debt Crisis, highly recommended principles I found to be a little bit dry, honestly. But, you know, Ray is there as far as having all that sort of those prior views that would make you amenable to contemplating Bitcoin as an investment, whether or not he makes it the final 10% of the way there, I guess we'll see. Yeah. And it seemed like Price was playing into some of the questioning of  within a relatively short period of time, less than two years, there would be much more fanfare, especially for an asset that is generally controversial in financial circles. There's a media person once said to me, if I bring the 10 smartest people I know and I put them in a room and I leave and I say, basically, debate Bitcoin, I'll come back, five will be on one side, five will be on the other. The only difference is with this asset, each side will think the other side is complete idiot for what they believe.  I think the first thing to remember is a lot of people will have become familiar with Bitcoin that first time around in 2017. So if they hear about Bitcoin again, they're not necessarily going to Google Bitcoin this time. Right. So that the faithfulness of that proxy metric, you know, Google searches for Bitcoin, whatever it is you want the metric to be, that metric may not be tracking the real world  2017, my predominant emotion with regards to the market was probably disgust. I mean, it was exciting, of course, but it was tainted by this misallocation of capital and the ICO drama, which was causing so much misallocation. And of course, most of those ICOs are defunct now. So I wasn't that excited by it. Of course, it was structurally exciting, but I was  that is looking for a quick flip or a pump. They were excited by the potential of ICOs and altcoins in 2017. Probably less excited by Bitcoin continuing to study March upward, which is fine. The other thing, a lot of people got terribly burned in 2017, 2018, and they sort of wrote off the asset class. So some people will just have decided to never participate ever again.  They don't necessarily want to announce their purchases. They may never publicly talk about them. That's what we should want. Bitcoin is a tool for wealth preservation in potentially, you know, dangerous or extenuating circumstances. A lot of the classic Bitcoin allocators have no incentive to ever discuss their position. Totally fine with me. Absolutely. Talk a little bit about the Castle Island portfolio. Obviously each company is a little different and you can only share so much, but what do you expect?  and  want to use a volatile asset for payments. There have been tons and tons of coins that people thought would be good for payment purposes. I think stablecoins or crypto dollars, whatever you want to call them, those actually really are suitable for that because they alleviate that volatility concern. In theory, most of them are redeemable for real dollars in bank accounts somewhere. Empirically, we're seeing public blockchains get taken over by stablecoins.  And if you look at these historical dollarization events, they had to happen with physical dollars in the past. And that was always a constraint. You didn't have enough bills. You didn't have the right denominations of bills. If you use digital dollars, crypto dollars, that's not a constraint at all. You can seamlessly import as many as you like. It just becomes more of a UX challenge and getting people up to date on the technological usage modes. But so that's one thing I'm tracking. That's one thing we're investing in.  they identify that this is a path that the dollar could take and their belief is if they can kind of beat the dollar to the punch, if you will, and have the nation state actually behind the push, maybe they can have their currency become that crypto currency, if you will, or kind of nation state currency adopted globally, rather than the dollar? Or do you think that there might be more kind of the surveillance and other things is driving their interest in a lot of this?  It's very rare. It's very sparing. And it's only, I believe, if they get a letter from a judge or from a court or something like that. With the Chinese digital currency, you have no such assurances. You'd imagine that that would ultimately be bundled with surveillance facility. And the question is, will that be adopted? I think it could totally be adopted as part of the Belt and Road Initiative as a tool of surveillance. I mean, if you control your population,  chooses to export to its strategic partners globally, which seems to be growing by the day. But a crypto dollar, a private sector crypto dollar that we've seen, the fundamental value proposition there is actually transactional autonomy, the ability to transact freely without constraints. Of course, there's no replacement for Bitcoin in terms of transactional autonomy. But crypto dollars are pretty good. And you get fair privacy with them.  to kind of the crypto industry in general, whether it's equity, Bitcoin, CBDCs, et cetera, what are you paying attention to from a milestone standpoint over maybe the next two or three years? Are there specific things that you're like, you know, it would be a big deal if X happened. And I'll give you an example, like maybe a Bitcoin ETF, that would cause an inflection point for Bitcoin and crypto overall. Are there other things that you would kind of put in that bucket that you're kind of awaiting? Yeah, Bitcoin ETF.  PayPal could do that. They could layer on the withdraw. That would be key. The only true way to own Bitcoin is to know the keys and to own it on chain. Something else would be changes to the tax treatment of Bitcoin, for instance, a de minimis exemption for transactions such that you don't have to recognize the capital gains whenever you make Bitcoin, when you buy something with Bitcoin. In theory, under the way that the IRS treats Bitcoin, treat it like property,  really interesting to see. I don't know if we'll get it. As far as commodities regulation or securities regulation, Bitcoin is already very well understood by the CFTC. They consider it to be a commodity. No structural change needed there. Those are the big things I'm looking forward. Obviously, there's price and market cap milestones. But yeah, we still have a long ways to go in terms of market infrastructure with an ETF being the key thing.  against base money, which is a liability of the central bank. To me, that's quite interesting. So I would like to see that happen at some point. That'd be something else I'm looking forward to. Other than that, are there specific types of companies or some sort of products that you guys are out on the hunt for? And if somebody listening is building it, they should reach out to you guys. Yeah. So anything that pertains to making the experience of using digital assets more convenient,  those assurances to jurisdictions that don't have great connectivity to the crypto industry. We're absolutely looking at those. And then anybody that's using blockchains in an interesting and scalable way. So we look at startups that are using the blockchain for time stamping or proof of publication purposes for a variety of non-financial use cases. I know people say it's primarily a financial phenomenon. I say that too. But there are also pretty valid non-financial use cases.