 What's your favorite part of the day?  about everything outside of specific equities, you know, that would be commodities and currencies, emerging markets, etc. In 06, when I was working with Druck, we launched, I was very focused on agriculture then, we launched a company called Ag Cola, which ended up becoming the largest private farmland reek in the US. We sold it in 2013 to the Canadian Pension Fund System, but for seven years,  had been trading gold in the 90s or positioning and then got very bullish in 08, worried about banking systemic risk, wanted to hone some physical gold outside of the banking system. I mean to have it stored outside the banking system. Couldn't find a really, I would say legit AAA way to do it. You had guys on the internet, I've said sort of like crazy eddy type guys selling you physical gold or you had guys with a PO box and they came in  of the max. And so I really know the physical gold business. I sometimes it takes a lot for me to sort of hold back, especially on Twitter. We'll get into this a little later because I am coming from a different place of knowledge. I mean, I know this business anyway. So and then in 2014, that gold business integrated with BitReserve, which today is the uphold  So we built that platform, DCG of course doing the execution and equity trust in the, you know, facing the client, but we were the ones who sort of built that architecture. So that pulled me more into the world. And then in Q1, Q2, 19, what happened was, you know, the price had collapsed from 19 down to four. And as a macro guy, look, you know that either it's a bust, right, after a blow off, or it was a big deal.  world  who are five people I have to follow or whose daily piece that you write, you're definitely the hardest working man in Bitcoin. There's no blockchain cryptocurrency, whatever you call it. I don't think anybody would dispute that. I appreciate the kind words. And for those that don't know, in March and April of this year, when all of the economic chaos was kind of going on and there's lots of uncertainty, you were one of a very select few number of people  through like six, it was six and then five. And I started getting all of these messages from all these people that like, Dan, you were so wrong, you don't know anything. And I put this tweet out like, listen, it's the only time, and I'm against the cursing on Twitter just because I, you know, you gotta, but it was the only time on Twitter I said, what did I said? STFU, right? This is like the, this is like, this is the only really truly free  the dollar before the equity market and the asset market. And so that was another meaning they would have preferred the dollar, they would let the dollar go down as much as they needed to as long as it ended up supporting the equity market. So yeah, that was a very exciting time. And I think a lot of guys in this space sort of became more macro after that. Right. Absolutely. Yeah. Let's start the conversation just around gold and Bitcoin with how do you  He has a significant position in gold. And you can read his eight page paper, which I think is pretty good, gives you good sense. And then of course, Druck as well came out a few days ago and mentioned a position in gold. And so that really doesn't need so much explaining. People get that look, the balance sheets of central banks have been exploding. M2 is up 25% year over year.  paper hard asset dichotomy which really resonates with sort of more traditional investment managers. Meaning they get there's paper, they get there's an unlimited amount of paper, right? Or there will be. And that there's more or less a finite amount of gold. And that it's hard, you can hold it. You know, with 1% a year increase in supply or whatever, it's versus all the other assets out there in the world, it's finite, right?  that I really don't believe that's true. And I think one of the themes, if you'd say there's one theme that's consistent that I continue to put out on Twitter, is that you really have to own both. And I want to clarify that though, because, and that's because, look, there's no question that Bitcoin is going to outperform gold. So I think people should stop talking 100%.  is probably somewhere between 300 and 500,000. So that's a 2030X, well, as from last week. It's still, I mean, it's about a 2030X. And so I don't really think that anyone in the gold world even who, you know, even Tudor Jones, he's his fastest horse, they're not gonna debate that. So I don't, you know, I don't, you know, so, and if you're a little, if you're a small investor,  the wrong analogy because you and also and sailor to by the way who I'd love to death but You know you come from a technologist Background right and so you look at it and you say Bitcoin is new technology gold is old technology Okay, so there is some truth to that there is some truth to that But that's not that's not why gold is important today or why it will be in the future so  fund, they have a trillion dollars, they want to put 5% to work in, let's say, a non-fiat asset that is scarce, okay? They can't do Bitcoin. They can do $50 billion of gold in less than a week. I mean, you can really accumulate that, right? It trades $50 trillion in volume a year, right? Versus, let's say, $3 to $4 trillion in Bitcoin  March on this, it's on YouTube. But I say this because we've never had zero rates or negative real rates for this long. I think that the bond portion of all of these traditional asset managers portfolio has now become irrelevant. So let's just say you have $200 trillion in assets out there, or even $100 trillion owned by pension funds  below zero. If we have a slowdown to the next few years and the Fed has to come in again and take rates negative in the front end and inject liquidity, those bonds will not appreciate to offset declines on the asset side of the portfolio. They're in big trouble. And I've said this on Twitter, I've said it a few times, that the biggest question that people will have, traditional asset managers in the 2020s, to answer is,  Okay, it cannot be over for gold before it is even started So when you say Bitcoin and gold can't coexist that makes no sense to me because the move into gold Hasn't happened yet the move into Bitcoin will come after that and I know some people will say oh no Smart people will just jump over the gold step and they'll just go right to the Bitcoin, right? Well, it's too early for them  and oh, the institutions are coming. But it's the top 1%, right? 90% of them still, I just got a message today. It's not a proven valid technology. How many times have you heard of that? So those people are sitting with all of those bonds, okay? And from 1980 until today, every time we've had a slowdown, the bonds offset losses on their equities, okay?  It's actually, I mean, it's pretty much zero for almost all of them. And then a few of them are like five and 5% or whatever. So it averages out to like one or two. You know, it's just like anything. Gold was pegged until 71. And, you know, it didn't exist as a market from 33 to 71. So it mean it didn't trade, it was pegged. The 70s bull market and gold was really just about a relative  And then by 1998, he was dead on the ground. And then in 2000, I think it was 2000, you had the Bank of England sell the complete low. And people just completely gave up on it. Of course, then with the rise of China, gold then sort of took on a different narrative. I mean, gold like Bitcoin has different narratives that drive  and driven returns to the economic. So people have it needed to look at gold. Also in America, Americans are very comfortable with equity and with their currency. So we've never really been forced to think about non-dollar assets. We've never had to worry about inflation. When the dollar goes down, as it did from 2008, Euro went from 80 to 160. People forget, the dollar lost whatever, 70, 80,  So for them, gold is more a part of their portfolio than for ours. I would say only the Germans and the Swiss really historically, and then the Chinese and the Indians. But I just think amongst the really big portfolios globally, there just hasn't been an experience with it. And look, even just as an example, just look on Twitter, how many truly smart gold  getting the message out. So look, I think it's coming. That's when you say something like why, why has it the world put 5% or 10%? I think there's just, there's no Mr. Gold. There's no Morgan Stanley of gold, right? I think that's it. There's not been an advocate. Like imagine if Gold had a guy like you, the way you advocate for Bitcoin and  but it sounds like you're bullish on both gold being added to the portfolio and also Bitcoin just in different sizes. Yeah, I think that's right. But I also think it's for different groups of people. Okay, explain that. So look, I mean, if you're a retail guy and you're passionate about Bitcoin and you think it's going to change the world as I do, I'm as bullish as any of those guys  the Bitcoin on. At some point in the future, when Bitcoin is a $5 trillion asset, yeah, I think it becomes easier to handle, maybe even $2, $3, $4 trillion. But we'll get into that. I think that's also an intellectual leap that is very hard for people to make, and we can get into that. But I think these things coexist for a while because they're both hedges to the fiat system.  have a lot of options, right? So gold will remain that an option, right? So another thing just to touch on is that we don't really have enough liquid stores of value available in the investment world. But remember, I'm coming at this from the investment perspective. You're coming at it from the tech perspective and saying gold is old tech. Yeah, yeah. Okay.  I don't really know real estate that well. And it's your thought, Dan, that when an institution says, hey, look, the central banks are printing tons of money. We've got to get some sort of hedge, whether it's to inflation, kind of a whole story. Do they look to an inflation hedge basket and then pick individual assets within the basket? Or do you think most of them are looking for more of like index-like exposure to inflation hedges? How do you think about the allocation decision?  I see the two together for me and I have more gold than I have Bitcoin. But you know, look, increasingly the Bitcoin side is getting much larger because I am, as I say in my Twitter bio, I am a hodler of gold, of physical and Bitcoin. I think, so when I say that each person has different needs, so gold is really important to this institutional world.  Bitcoin are like cousins because it's a hard money asset in a world where for the first time in my career, there has never been as clear an active a debasement of fiat ever. I mean, in the last 30 ever. So what are you going to do against that? Right. Historically, a store of value was like the yen, right? Or the Swiss franc, but no one's buying the yen anymore.  get to, hey, they won't be coexistence. And I want to try to pinpoint the point at which we diverge in thinking because I actually think we agree on a whole lot. Yeah. So I'm going towards the end, there's this divergence and I want to try to pinpoint that. So the way that I think about this is like the legacy system, the central banks, like there's a bunch of problems. They're going to debase currencies and investors are going to flee to inflation hedge type assets or store value assets. I think you and I see eye to eye on that. And like we could literally talk for hours and hours and hours about all the problems.  with more traditional, that hundred trillion dollars, they may not, they may not. Really? Explain why they may not agree with that. Well, look, they can see that it's happening, but they're looking at, you know, what are their ranges, range of opportunity, the opportunity sets. They're just, they've never done it before. The allocation even to gold miners, gold, it's not that big. No one in that room, okay.  500 million dollar endowment. I've worked on it for 11 years. Okay, we have an institutional advisor. So we have an advisor who advises over a trillion dollars in assets. All right. It has been extremely difficult over the years for me to get them to let us have some gold. I mean, we finally did about 18 months ago, we went into gold. They don't, you know, they don't recommend out front and center  So I go from endowment manager to Bitcoin er, right? I love it by the way that endowment put 1% of its portfolio into Bitcoin in Q1 Q2 19 last year so and then that took we became the first It was well the first endowment of its kind to own Bitcoin directly. Yeah, it's cold storage Anyway, my point is that so being in that world? None of those people  doing well, what your position is. Only recently have I changed my mind. Here are the things that I'm starting to think through. If you look at some of the gold, there's gold ETF outflows on a very small basis over the last couple of weeks or months. Yeah, but that's just flow. Of course. There was a massive rise and you would expect that not everyone's going to hold all the gold forever and keep buying.  I'm going to allocate across the analog application and the digital, or are they going to pick one or the other? What I've become convinced of in the first scenario, if they pick both, then you and I are correct and like both do well, right? What I'm starting to become more convinced of and was kind of the impetus for that piece was, wait a second, they may only pick one. And if they do, I actually think they pick the digital version, not the analog version, over a long period of time.  for the next five years to replace our bonds. Right. They can't go in and do 30 billion of Bitcoin. They just can't do it. And it would be irresponsible to own 10% or 20% of all the Bitcoin outstanding. And they'll drive the price up a lot. It just doesn't make sense. Before they get to a five to 10% allocation in gold, it will be years. Okay. Years. So that's why now if you're telling me in  I don't know.  they still don't know on gold and physical gold I'm talking about, forget ETF and futures and all that. There might be a premium because 50 years from now, physical gold will be the only liquid asset that is not digital. Now some of it will be digitized, you know, like the Pax Gold token could have 50 billion on it eventually or whatever it is. But that to me also in my mind is like, I think that physical gold  billion dollars, we're going to tax Bitcoin to 50%, right? They'll know it. There'll be a record of it. Physical gold is different. And I'll tell you why. And this isn't about evading taxes. No, I'm not talking about that. There are different taxation laws for physical in different jurisdictions. As an example, in the UK, if you are a UK citizen, you can buy their sovereign coins.  that's something you should think about. I mean, I don't think it plays into anything that impacts my decision-making because I think it's still early on. And I think it's still early on. And I think it's still early on. And I think it's still early on. And I think it's still early on. And I think it's still early on. And I think it's still early on. And I think it's still early on. And I think it's still early on.  and gold and then I kind of use it like a three to one ratio. You know, that's what I, so if you have 10% in gold, 3% in Bitcoin. If you're a retail person, depending on your age, like I think you can have, you know, you can have 20% in Bitcoin if you're a 30 year old guy, zero in bonds, like zero. You should not own any bonds at all, zero.  know  some of the companies that even that you own, I would own, let's say Figure, I know you've been a big proponent, I think that's a fantastic company to own. Kraken and Paxos right now are doing raises. I think those are two excellent companies. So after my Bitcoin exposure, I say to people, I would have half in Bitcoin and then half in this type of a fun infrastructure.  that will be completely digitized. So I think that for me is also a chunk of that exposure. And I think as some of these companies come public, people will start to allocate to some of these businesses. You know, Coinbase might be an IPO right in Q1. I think, and we've, yeah, go ahead. And I was gonna ask, how do you think about gold, Bitcoin and that impact  to figure out day to day moves and this thing moved and that thing didn't. This is much bigger than that. Bitcoin, I don't think you can trade it. I think there's too much risk that you miss a thousand point move at one in the morning and it never comes back. All the math and studies have shown you really get paid when you hold this thing.  you're not going to make that money at the end. And I don't want to pay short-term capital gains tax, right? You want to pay the, as long, you know, you want to pay that long-term capital gains tax rate. So, you know, that plays into this too, right? If you, all that trading you're paying, you know, you're paying income. I mean, rates, it's crazy. I couldn't agree more. Help me understand in terms of the sentiment right now you're hearing from the institutional world around  asset ecosystem and the, as you call the infrastructure around it. And there are a lot of people out there who won't even discuss it. So they're just like, we don't believe in crypto, is their comment. And they haven't done the work. They don't know what the white paper is. They don't know. They don't know. Honestly, even  My guess is he's not even really committed in a big, big way. Not like Michael Saylor. I mean, he's unbelievable. I mean, you know, fantastic that he's getting out there every single day, that he's bought $600 million of Bitcoin. I mean, he's a huge shot in the arm for the space. You know, I think we're all just grateful to have him. But again, he comes from a technologist background. He's not  So I mean, I think he thinks about it that in the right way, but that is very innovative. That is not normal. Right. And if you have even someone like a drunk and some of the other guys, not quite all in like that. I mean, 600 million is a really, I mean, that is one, that's a big statement. Right. And to do that now, it's not like the Wingel boss who have had, you know, a billion plus or whatever for years and years and they're a handful of guys like that.  But if you are an investor, okay, you haven't come to the conclusion most that you've come to yet Many have some have but again, you're just seeing the smartest guys in the world Coming to it now Tudor's peace was just last summer. It didn't come out five years ago Druck was just on CNBC last week. Those are the smartest guys in the space in the world Right and Dallio. He's not even  gold in a way, I don't want to say it's like the gateway drug to Bitcoin, but it kind of is the gateway. And it seems obvious to you, but it's not really that. Yeah. How do you think about stock to flow? Obviously, that's been a very popular thing in the gold world or used in the gold world previously and now has been kind of applied to Bitcoin. Is that something that in the gold  years. And it's had a very good tracking. We're right in the middle now. And I think I put a tweet out last week about it. So I like it. But in some ways, it's a relatively, I don't want to say simplistic model. There's a lot more that goes into making decisions about assets. So yeah, I look at that. But I also look at 50 other things before making a decision. And I look at the gold, where gold is on. And I'm like, yeah, I'm aware of that. But, you know, drilling down  I think people in the Bitcoin space, again, a lot from a technologist background aren't used to doing the deep, deep 50 page analysis on an investment, which is normally what we do. Ordinarily, I would have between four and eight research analysts will spend months writing a presentation or an idea out before taking a position. That's months of digging.  I let you go. Just in terms of Twitter is where the community is, where the conversation is. You mentioned earlier this idea of privacy and how privacy used to be a big thing, but is quickly not becoming a big thing in the investment world. Talk a little bit about this. Well, no, no, no. I think, look, as I said, I think in the first 20 years of my career, you basically, as I said, you'd get fired for talking to the press and  I don't want to say I see it going away, but it's just that, look, you get quite a benefit from these interactions as well. So you have to give up a little bit of privacy. Look, Metcalfe's law is something real. And here's something that investment guys, macro investment guys especially, don't really get as much. They don't really get the network value