 All right guys bang bang I've got a special treat for you today. I have a 12 year old on the podcast which Is not probably what anyone is expecting, but I've got a Zach here with me. Thanks for doing this man No, thank you for getting me like to a famous I guess So let's start with this you live in the UK, right? Yeah. All right and  UK stock market and stuff. That didn't go to well as the UK stock market. It's not as good as the US. It's been taking long to recover from the coronavirus. It hasn't bounced back like the US stock market. So I started doing US shares. I just started building up from there. I mean, I've seen it all the way. At my peak, I've been up like 70% on my portfolio. Literally, it went all the way down to like 1% loss. It's going all the way back up to 65%.  a little bit and he's kind of into it. He thinks it's quite fun. I think he just wants to get his money for his new PS4 at the moment. I don't think he thought of a legal idea. Yeah, like with my friends, I don't really talk about it that much. We just mess around and stuff. Absolutely. And so talk about these videos you've been putting on YouTube, right? So a friend of mine, Jim O'Shaughnessy sent me a link and he said, hey, look at this guy. And basically you've got videos  I was like, oh, this is what you get for buying a 60 pound tablet with the camera footage. But yeah, so you Joe just use my dad's but yeah, it's been pretty good. Okay. And so when you're doing this, um, how do you research for the videos or where does the information come from? Do you spend all day reading? Like, like you're pretty informed. It's not like, you know, you're just saying random things. So how do you look at acquiring the information or learning? Yeah. So like when most, a lot of my videos, it's already socks, already  make a video about it. So literally for the IPO B video that you made you researched for almost a week and basically just consumed as much content as you possibly could. And then you create the video saying, you know, here's what's going on and here are my thoughts. Yeah, basically. Yeah, that's awesome. So, all right, let's talk about what happened the other night. So you basically, um, it looks like you had been using Twitter to try to distribute the videos, um, and also reach out to people and say, you know, Hey, Chamath or others,  you his email and then that's part of the challenge I think is that you got to go find the email to see how resourceful you are. Yeah, scrolling for a list of different ones. Okay, and so that happens and so Jim and a couple of other people basically said, hey, this kid's pretty smart, like we should see if we can help him out a little bit. And so when Jim sent me the link to your Twitter and to your YouTube, I said, you know what, like, let me just fire off a tweet. Jim had already tweeted it.  I thought some of just initially I thought some of my usual challenges brought sub box and stuff What you thought what happened? Like they had brought sub box, you know, you could em buy fake followers and stuff. It's also just probably a little fake followers Okay, so when you woke up you went to sleep you had like 18 or 20 followers and you woke up to what 10,000 I think it's like eight seven thousand when I woke up and it was like every half an hour is gaining another hundred followers  like how many people there are, you know, just people. My scores were like 1000 people in my school. It was like 18 times as many as that. Follow me on Twitter. So it's a bit crazy when you think about it. For sure. And what did your parents say when, uh, when you told them that, uh, you had 20,000 followers on Twitter, do they, do they understand what that means? Yeah. Yeah. My parents, like pretty up to date. They're like, Oh, that's pretty good. How did that happen? I love it. And so what's the plan now? You're going to keep creating videos and,  What else are you doing? Yeah, so I go to school. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. Yeah. I meet up with my friends, you know, we mess around, you know, have fun, go to the parks and ponds around the house. So yeah, I did, I did that outside and then, you know, when I get home, I know I'm not like, I'm not one of those people who immediately when I go home, it's like, well, it's like, well, it's just like outside school gates, like see how the stocks are doing. They'll walk home with my mate.  I used to be a penny stock. It went up 68% in one day. I mean about 168% on that. So yes, I sold half of my position, you know, and whatever, what I'm gonna have to all the profits into it. So I won't take some risk off the table. But what does that company do? So they produce freewheel EV vehicles and you and you know, I like the CEO, you know, the vision is pretty good, you know, it's about my Sandy Monroe. And he's gonna help them scale up like 50,000 vehicles.  when you think of your portfolio, is it 100% stocks? Do you have other things other than just kind of public equities? How do you think about investing? Yeah, so when you when you live in the UK, it's like different. So at the moment, it's all stocks. So I've got some spare cash off. I sold out of the main position, you know, half of it. So I say I probably look like I'm at that. I don't know, like five sent into Bitcoin is like the crypto thing. And then just put the rest back into maybe IP or something, which I have a lesser position.  Got it. And when you think about your portfolio, uh, are you, you mentioned earlier, you're, you're rebalancing, you're kind of treating this just like any other kind of hedge fund manager or professional investor would do, right? Yeah, I guess so. And where did you learn how to do that? Yeah, it's like, yeah, I just really like taught myself, you know, watch some YouTube videos at the start. I initially would send you nothing about it.  I  like 10% of all the money that just stopped for one trade from a traditional brokerage account. So it works out pretty well. Zach, you realize how ridiculous it feels for me to be talking to somebody who's 12 years old and understands the foreign currency risk and the exchange risk that you're taking, right? Yeah. All right. So you're, it looks like you're in your bedroom. Is that the headquarters of the Zach Cox trading business?  doing it but yeah so I got a hint into it but yeah I think like in the future it's not really like necessarily persuading people though I might put my link on my Twitter page and try and get some free free shares I got a snapchat free share didn't hold it and it ran up a hundred percent so I just sold it and put it into some company which I made lost like £1 on I think if I get a snapchat share I wouldn't have made double money on it but that was a pretty good free share but I mean  like  Awesome, man. All right. Listen. Thank you so much for doing this. You are you're a legend in the making my friend So this is gonna be fun Yeah, hopefully I'm sure it will be