 Alright guys, bang, bang. I've got Max here with me. Dude, thank you so much for doing this. Thanks. Awesome to be here. Absolutely. Let's jump right into your background. This is not the first company, Finomize, that you started. Tell us kind of where you grew up and what that first business was. Sure. So I grew up originally in Berlin, and I grew up in the sector of Berlin that was American.  ended up happening as I tried to recruit one of the partners there to start a consulting firm with me and to do a spin out until I realized that actually this is kind of boring. And then I started my first company and that was an e-commerce business. And it was a very random story. So I ended up in Zurich, in Switzerland, out of all places, because I had a couple of friends who had studied there and they were starting a company. And we originally started a company  bookings from merchants. That was not super easy and I think you're kind of seeing that all over the world. So I think the thing that we did pretty cleverly, if I may say so myself, is we kind of transitioned the entire business into becoming a full-on e-commerce business. And so we ended up having our own warehouse. We had like 60 people just working in a warehouse in the end. We took our own inventory and everything. We essentially built a multi-category e-commerce shop.  And so then we basically reached this point where we said, OK, it's probably time to either think about internationalization or about a sale. And we spoke to a few potential acquirers and ended up selling it to the largest media house, Switzerland. And this was at the end of 2015. And so that was really my first startup founder venture building kind of experience.  It's been a personal experience living yourself the company. We have a really strong mission, which I'm happy to dive into all that but that's kind of the story that got me to where I am today. Absolutely. And what was like your one or two biggest takeaways from building that company at such a young age? So number one was, and I think I see this across the board with a bunch of younger founders is you totally underestimate the soft factor stuff. So when you're young and you're ambitious, you're like,  And you can find it on our website, finimized.com, slash culture, it's public. And again, during this COVID time, that has been absolutely vital in getting us through this. So that's number one, I think culture and the importance of soft factors. Number two, I think the importance of scale and then being able to try out new things. So like I said, back there in a fairly small country, we had very large scale and that allowed us to do a lot of things.  Obviously it always comes down to hiring the right people and having a good business model. But I think the first two are the key things that really sort of got to impress into my mind. I love that. And what is Finimize? So how did you start Finimize and what was kind of the idea for the business? Sure. So like I said, it's been a much more personal experience. I'll quickly tell you what happened to give you a bit of context. So what I did is I was in my mid to late twenties at the time.  And so the very first thing that I went to go do is I went to go see a financial advisor. And what happened was I walked through the door. There was a lovely lady, very friendly, et cetera. But I noticed she'd already laid out all the brochures onto the table. And I saw that each brochure had their logo on it. And I very quickly realized, OK, this is going to be a sales pitch for their products rather than them genuinely wanting to help me. And I knew straight away that's not the right solution for me. And so I went back home.  they weren't fortunate enough like I was that they had that community of people around them who could help empower them to make the right investment decisions. And that was the Genesis moment for Finimise, where I started to dive in a bit deeper into the whole topic and realized a couple of things. Number one is I certainly wasn't the only one with that experience and with that frustration. So 86% of millennials save each month, but they keep more than half of their savings in cash, just as I  who do take action, 90% of them say that they consult their friends in the media before they make a decision. And so it's really with that insight that we've been building Finimize. And so to answer your question in a very long winded kind of way, what we're doing is we're building the world's most engaged and largest finance community. And there's really two tenets to that. Number one is we want to give our members access to best in class content from a team of analysts  Got it. So I have to admit that we never really set out to build a community. It happened very organically on the back of our content. And so what happened was that we one day, so we started off with a newsletter product and since then have sort of launched other products and mediums as well. But that was like our starting point. And we would explain to people in three minutes every day, here's the main things that you need to  A, we get to meet all these people and B, they get to learn from each other. And so we did that over and over and over. And these things started getting larger and larger and larger. And so in London, we would have meetups of like three, sometimes even 400 people showing up. And then we would start getting emails because we would post it on our social media or say it in our newsletter of people in LA saying, hey, can you do this in LA or like people in Sydney being like, can you do this in Sydney? And we said we'd love to do this because that would be  literally all over the world. There's not been a single continent where we haven't been and there's a meetup happening pretty much every single day of the week somewhere around the world and it's all completely voluntary which brings me back to the mission and this year with virtual we've completely shifted it to virtual and we've actually this year already doubled so we've connected more than 30,000 people at our meetups and that's really driving force for how we think about product brand etc  to some degree. Yeah. So this is the constant sort of swinging along the spectrum of like completely giving up control and be having a very, very tight-knit community. And so what we found what works for us, and I think there's examples for either side of the spectrum, we kind of, for us, figured out that sitting in somewhere in the middle works best. So we are very strict in terms of who can actually host a meetup. So like in a quarter, we'll have a couple  engaged community, for example, in Nigeria. And I have no idea what are the financial topics in Nigeria. And so we depend on them to surface the topics that are interesting to the local communities. And they get to pick it and they get to organize it, but we basically provide the platform and the playbook for them. Got it. And as part of this entire process, what would you say are the one or two things that you've learned that for those that are trying to figure out how to build community  and puts all this effort into it. Like why do they do this? Like is this fake or like are you paying them? And I'm like, no, it's genuinely these people do this because they believed in the mission. And so having this really strong mission and our mission is we wanna empower people to become their own financial advisors. And that really resonates with our audience. And that's what draws people in. So I think that's absolutely crucial. And then I think having that really balanced approach of giving control  we're basically building a multi-revenue street business. The first revenue stream was pretty straightforward. We have an audience that's highly relevant to a lot of financial brands. And so we do advertising and we let them advertise through native advertising in our, primarily in our newsletter, but also our website. Then we have a premium subscription or premium membership where the end consumer pays. So it's roundabout sales.  we love your content, can we have it? And now we can say, yes, you can have it. All you have to do is you have to plug into our API and you can immediately integrate it into your own user experience. And that gives them access to texts and audio content, whatever they want in order to then increase engagement with their own user base. So those are the three revenue streams that we are pursuing. Got it. Let's start in reverse order. Let's start with the API. What are they using?  is weekly text and the most expensive version that you can get is daily audio. And so to give you an example without giving any specific brands. So we had an investment platform come to us and they said, we have 10 million users, 2 million of them are active. We wanna activate the remaining 8 million. And in order to do that, we believe content is the way to doing so. And that was the pitch point for them. And so that's how that works. It's interesting for us also  It's very simple, you come to us, pick what you want, and then you pay an annual license. And then what we're also doing is if you wanna have custom content within that license and within that API, that's also something that we look at. Got it. And let's talk about subscriptions and advertising. Obviously those two are sometimes at odds with each other, right? I think there's this like debate, should you do advertising, should you do subscriptions, everyone thinks it's a binary world. You guys are doing both. So maybe talk through just how you think about kind of when to put advertising  work is the New York Times. I think they've done a phenomenal job in building up both and obviously for subscription for them is something that's been really really been taking off alongside advertising. The way that we think about it is we have a free product and it's super high quality. We have analysts who write all the content so they're expensive and we give out that piece of content in our newsletter for free and so we monetize that through advertising. And for us there's also  all of the ads and that's how we separate it. Got it. And when you think about growing the business from here, is this something where you'll continue to invest in all three of these revenue channels, right? So you'll continue to have advertising subscription and also the licensing business, or do you see the business evolving as you get larger to kind of coalesce around one of those revenue streams? Right now, the plan is to continue with all three.  nascent. And so it's hard to say. I would love for it to work, but it's early days. Absolutely. Let's talk a little bit about new revenue streams. Are there other things that you have looked at that you think are interesting, whether they're physical products or other types of things that could potentially become part of the business, or do you think it's just these three that you'll stick with? So we have a lot of discussion about that within our board around, you know, I think there's  to a transaction. So we know that a lot of our users want to take a transaction. So that's an avenue that we could take. Another one is sort of the more classic media play, which is going to merchandise. That could be, that could be is probably a smaller one, but kind of a fun one to do. But to be honest right now, we don't want to like spread it any more thinly. One thing that we, that we do occasionally do is research.  you have maybe had some people, but you've learned the skill as you guys go into the new monetization strategy. No, so we're very lean and we like that and we like being lean. And so we have one content team, that content team produces free and that same content team produces premium, same with the licensing. And I think that's the way it has to be because that's the only way that you can ensure consistency.  audience, that kind of rise of the millennial investor or the Robinhood investor and how that will impact the business in the future. Yeah. So what, so I think what's interesting, and I know that you're big into crypto. So in 2018 we saw a really interesting surge in people actually being interested in finance in general. And I think crypto was a big driver there. Right. Then now we're seeing a big surge again, and people being interested through this whole sort of Robinhood  investing strategy. And the way that we describe our sort of persona of a customer is the casual investor. And I think you're starting to get many, many more casual investors as a result of all the things that are happening. And what a casual investor is someone who wants to actively invest because they don't just want to be passive, completely passive, they might be partially passive, but they also don't want to be a day trader. And so these are the kind of people who might spend a couple of hours a week on  sort of secret sauce that we have or that we like to think we have is we manage to synthesize two things that are typically not synthesized very easily or very well. On the one side is we take substance, so that's why we hire ex-analysts who really, really know what they're talking about. And on the other side, we have simplicity, and that's why we hire copywriters. And so typically what you have is you have people with substance who produce these really complicated convoluted reports  subway station, it's loud, they have their headphones plugged in, they're reading what you've been writing, and they probably have 50% of their attention span is with you. And as soon as they have to reread a sentence, we've lost them. And so we need to be able to write in a way that A, conveys the substance, but B, has a nice flow, is conversational, et cetera. And I think that's one of those things that's way easier said than done and is a real craft. And you see that both on the actual  organization is as much testing as you can do with ad creatives. And typically what we find is the copy in our experience, the copy is more important even than the visual. So again, copy is everything. Absolutely. Makes a lot of sense. You've hired tons of analysts, but not journalists. Explain that decision. Yeah. So, like I said, we really, really focus on the substance  have that deep understanding that someone from the industry has. And so when we did the hiring, we interviewed a range of candidates with journalism background because that's kind of the obvious profile that you want to hire for someone. And we just figured, or we just found that the quality of the insights that they provide just isn't strong enough. And so that's then what ended up leading us to the analysts. And so we've hired people  a similar strategy of almost hiring people who are either one have skin in the game, so actually the investors themselves, or the kind of analyst who has spent years and years kind of more focused on analysis rather than just journalism. I mean, I think it really depends on what the publication wants to do. So when we define internally what we care about is we care all about providing insights. And so in order to  question. We always have a bunch of challenges that we're thinking about. I think for us, it's all about when we think about what we're doing is we essentially are creating a new kind of product category. A product where people are paying to get financial insights. There isn't really a product out there that exists yet. Similar to what maybe like a headspace and a calm did in the meditation  education and development. That's really what we're focusing on. Got it. And then for you personally, like we talked a little bit about what you've learned in your first company. What have you learned in this company so far that other founders could, uh, could benefit from hearing? I think I applied the thing that I learned from my previous company with the culture, um, manifest and defining that early on. Uh, I think that's been an absolute winner. Um, and I would definitely do that again. Um, so really focusing on,  plan from day one rather than building great product that you're proud of and building a good brand because you need both. And I think we kind of did a lot of experimentation and figured it out along the way, which maybe that's the natural way to do it. And I know a lot of companies have done it, but it's probably easier if you, if you really nail it from day one. Got it. Before I wrap up, I always ask everyone the same two questions and then you'll get a chance to ask me one. The first is what's the most important book that you've ever read?  But I think in terms of the book that I really love, because I think it's a really interesting perspective on life, it's The Little Prince from Saint-Ex-Péry. I don't know if you've ever heard of it, but it's- I haven't. Why that one? It's a, I guess it's a French book from a French author, The Little Prince. It's a very simple book. It's sort of intended to be for children.  Second question is more fun. Aliens, are you a believer or a non-believer? I'm not a believer today, but I'm open to being convinced. So I'm not categorically against it. Why not a believer yet? I guess I haven't really seen any indication of it. I know that there's, you know, that you always read these studies that are coming out from different planets, but I don't know, I'll probably believe  I love it. What's the one question you got from me to wrap us up? I actually have a quick one. Okay, one is so my favorite part of your podcast is when you open up and you say bang bang. What's the what's the background there? Literally, there is none. I just did it one day and then I was like, I'm gonna do it again. And then about the third time, I was like, I probably can't stop now. I get a couple hundred episodes later, I just  The thesis is there, like there's a fixed supply, demand's only gonna continue to increase over time. How long does that take? What are the price targets? All that is debatable, but like, it's gonna be worth more 10 years from now than it is today type thing, right? And you think last time we hit this sort of 18K mark, then afterwards it all sort of tripling down again, you're convinced or you're bullish, it's not gonna happen this time?  range. Then you'll go through a multi-year kind of bear market like we did already. And then you'll basically, you know, kind of get another parabolic run again. So it's, you know, over the last 11 years, this game has been played, right? And it's kind of done this a number of times. I tend to think that, you know, this is no different. We're just in the next cycle of it. Yeah, awesome. So we'll see. Max, thank you so much for doing this. Where can we send people to find you on  a whole for a year or something, understanding where the World Wide Web came from. And I found out about the Whole Earth Catalog from Stuart Brand. And I bought one and everything and I looked at that. And then I was like, oh, I guess those guys who were sort of the hippies of that generation, they actually helped create the World Wide Web. So I thought I was going to be smart and just combine the terms Whole Earth Catalog with Web, which led me to Whole Earth Web. And now I have to stick with it.  Instagram, social media, et cetera, and in all the app stores. So Apple and Android. I love it, man. You are a legend. I appreciate you taking the time to do this. And obviously you've built a very, very large engaged audience and community and are figuring out how to kind of in a win-win way, monetize it. So thank you so much for coming on and we'll definitely have to do this again in the future. Thank you. Awesome.