 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Eric here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Yeah, happy to be here. Thanks for having me. For sure. We're going to try to make this one of the most action-packed, actionable, and information-filled episodes that we've done. Eric is a wealth of knowledge. So let's get into it. Maybe let's just start with your background and kind of what you've done up until today. Yeah, sure. So I'll try to keep it brief. So name is Eric Su.  I love it. That's a great way to live life. As I was thinking through what could we possibly talk about? Because there's so much stuff I ultimately settled on. You shared a million ideas publicly and I figured I would just throw them out there at you and we can kind of riff on them. The first one I want to go through is SEO. You have created probably more content than almost anyone I know on this topic. And you have a recent tweet thread that says,  And so I think SEO is one of the most unfair advantages you can establish because what happens is if you have a lot of traffic coming to your website, let's say 100,000 or so, you can retarget those people later. You follow them around with those ads. You can do a lot more, right? And then you can plug in other stuff like customer data platforms, email, all these tools that you have access to and you don't have to keep paying these big app platforms and you're kind of at their whim, right? If they decide to ban you, they ban you. So anyway,  The problem with SEO is that it takes too long. People aren't patient, right? It's like 18 to 24 months, probably 36 months during to start to see some good stuff happen. When I took over my company, Single Rain, the ad agency, we were doing maybe 4,000 visits a month, which was nothing. Now, we're up to 320,000, which is pretty decent for a marketing website, but we took those tactics and I started another blog with a friend. We went from zero to 4 million visits a month, right? And so it's the same stuff. And so, but instead of waiting,  And, you know, when I buy the website, I'm just going to go, you know, create a much new content. It's going to rank. And then I'm going to be making a boatload more money. And I can use this website as an acquisition system that will pay me in perpetuity and get me more leads instead of saying, I just got to go to LinkedIn, Facebook or Google and try to buy more leads. What do you see people monetizing with? Right. So they go and they buy a website. They've already got great domain authority. Is this they're monetizing through ads on the website? They're selling products, a mixture. How do you see that working? Yeah, you're looking to you're looking to arbitrage here. Right.  people get kind of like, you know, they don't want to really want to talk to you if you say that, but I'm going to invest different story or sorry, I want to partner with you different story. And then that's how you get the conversation going. Got it. Another suggestion in this thread was to monitor your decaying content and then update it. Explain that. Yeah. So what tends to happen over time is if you don't tend to your garden, right, things start to get unruly, right? You know, the, the kale starts to go everywhere. The carrots and I don't have a garden. I'm just making things up. But, um, you know, the, the point is,  You have a lot of UGC user generated content. They're constantly, you know, updating it for the website. That's how they get stronger and stronger. It just kind of defends their, their kind of organic search moat. Um, so what you could do is you can use whatever analytics tool platform you have and just look at your top posts over time and see if they're losing traffic. Right. Um, we actually have a tool that's out there for free. Um, if you just Google click flow content decay, it's totally free and it'll actually monitor like when you're losing like, you know, 20% 80% of your traffic.  I want to make the most of it. Absolutely. The next suggestion is to test titles, tags, meta descriptions to drive a higher click through. Yeah. So, you know, when you think about, um, those of you that run ads or like you're testing email subject lines, you're, you're, when you're running ads, right? You're testing like on Google, for example, your, your AB testing titles and a description. Um, or if you're testing, you know, email subject lines, you want to see which one gets a higher open rate. Right. So same deal when it comes to SEO.  or whoever you are, the site owner, you're not doing a good job from a marketing perspective, because marketing's job is to bring people to the point of sale, to get people to click, right? So it's the same deal. Like if you're doing title testing for ads or emails, like why aren't you doing it for SU if you're getting good traffic? And so same deal with ClickFlow, we created a solution to make it easier. I'm not here to pump that. I mean, just, you know, Google search console, you can do it completely for free. So. Absolutely. What about using frequently asked questions, that schema as a way to a better rank? Yeah. So there's actually,  like, you know, what, what does, you know, what does Palm put in his hair or whatever, right? There's like a bunch of other questions. So that pops up as a box. And that box, imagine if you're seeing a box on a search engine result page, you're higher, you're, you're, you're going to be more likely to click that because it's taking up so much real estate. So if you want to implement FAQ schema, talk to your web developer, I would just type in FAQ schema plugin for, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, example, for example, for example, example for example, example for example, example for example, example for example, example for example, example for example, example for example, example for example, example for example, example for example,  I think, I mean, and I've done this in the past. I mean, I'm sure, you know, um, you have a lot of people that reach out to you asking you to just get coffee or talk to you for five to 10 minutes. And, you know, I actually put this on LinkedIn too. Like I kind of exaggerated. I was like, it's downright offensive, right? Um, cause you want to, you know, stir people up a little bit, but, um, I found what, what, what's worked best for me. Cause like, instead of asking people, you know, I'm going to pay $5 for like your most valuable asset, your time that it's not an equal trade-off, right? But if I am looking at your tweets, for example,  I just like, you know, making more deposits more than anything. So I have a margin of safety. So when I make an ask, it's like not that big of a thing. Um, and I'll give you some examples. I mean, the, there's two people I'm thinking of right now. One guy actually works for VaynerMedia. Now, when he wanted to work for me, he wrote an 8,000 word blog post, right? Guy went to Michigan and he was like, yeah, here's what I would do. Here's what I would do. Here's what I'll do. And I'll tell you what, I'll do it for you for free for a month. Right. And I'm just like, dude, this guy gets me. And you know, guy turns out to be an all star and then he's working for free.  Absolutely. Another idea is this idea of you don't actually have to talk to the end customer in order to get the customer insights in every situation. Sometimes you do have to talk to him, but other times you don't. What are some of the hacks there? Yeah. So I did two podcast episodes. One was with the level CEO, Sam Korkos. And what was fascinating to me was when I opted into, so it's like a patch you use to kind of monitor your metabolic state, but he was like, Hey, let's get on a 45 minute call.  Um, I just made a simple landing page, um, using like Wix and then, you know, whoever wanted to sign up for the tool could sign up. But then right after they signed up, they would ask them, um, Hey, like, you know, what's your, what's the worst, like your biggest frustration with email? Like, what would you like to see? Right. And then he'll get a ton of responses and he was just cherry pick the ones he likes. And so he was basically doing customer development at scale because he was getting automated responses. He was cherry picking, but he was just responding really quick to people and that helped guide his customer development. So.  a lot of good ideal client profile templates out there. But I mean, so for our SAS company as an example, we might have people that are, you know, you have people that are mid market companies, you have enterprise, and then we try to stay away from small business. But you know, maybe for mid market, they're doing maybe 10 million annual recurring revenue enterprise, you know, probably let's just say, you know, hundreds of millions or billions plus, and then they have very specific things they're looking for. Maybe enterprise levels, you know, maybe they're looking for business intelligence more so than like, you know,  And so I tried to do maybe two, three, like that's too many segments, right? And that led to, you know, trying to go all over the place and serve everyone. So if you're starting out, focus on one. And then if you're going to, um, you know, at a certain point, you know, you're doing this for six to 12 months, you'll understand who your ideal client profile is. I think what we did as an agency a couple of years ago was helpful because we looked at, you know, the, the lifetime value of each customer. And then we just saw that like, Oh, it turns out that we serve SaaS companies the best. They stayed the longest and they pay the most and they're like not a pain in the ass.  like a general doctor. So for sure. You mentioned a couple of really great entrepreneurs. And one of the things that almost every entrepreneur has that is successful is an advisory board. I've seen you talk quite a bit about the importance of a really strong successful advisory board. How do you think about that? Yeah. So I think earlier in my career, like I would read a lot of books and then people be talking about, you know, peer groups and advisory boards. So one thing I did, I'm trying to make this practical for everyone. If you Google mastermind talks,  of different peer groups, right? There's a Entrepreneurs' Organization, there's YPO, and part of both, I love both of those. And you get to basically have like a mini board of directors, right? So I remember when I first joined EO, Entrepreneurs' Organization, I was 27 at the time, everyone else was like 35 plus, and they had a way more experience than I did. And what you realize is that you don't know what you don't know, right? And so this group, what they do is, one guy shared his cashflow  just asking me for advice maybe once a month, like we'll get on a call for like an hour. In other cases, I might be a little more involved. But that's another example. You might give a person maybe like half a percent, 1%, 2% equity, and you're on their advisory board or you have them join yours. Absolutely. Now, the reason why everyone is obviously listening to this is the next question, which is how to become famous on Instagram. Everyone wants to be famous on Instagram. I saw that you guys did a podcast episode on this that was  Um, so it's like, if, if I am, let's say I'm at 24 K, what I would do is I might reach out to someone that's at 50 K or 75 or a hundred K. I don't want to go too big because it's too far up, right? I like, ideally what, what you might want to do is, you know, if you're at 24 K, but you have some other assets that you think might be able to help that person again, you want to make it an equal trade. So I might say, Hey, look, I have 24 K here, but I might have a podcast over here. That's the angle. And then, um, you know, let's go ahead and do a live on Instagram and boom, all the people coming that seeing the live,  that is like an unfair advantage. So, you know, leverage that when you can, especially for growing a podcast, by the way, if you have an email list, do it unbeatable. Absolutely. And one of the things you do in emails, obviously, is you write copy. I've seen you talk about maybe more landing page copy, but it applies to emails as well. Most people write copy trying to be interesting or trying to kind of catch people's attention, kind of click bait, right? Is the, is the terminology. You're much more focused on writing copy that highlights you can solve somebody's prop.  I've natural, like that wasn't natural to me, but I've learned to make it more of a natural habit. So when I think about like, Oh, like what's something I can, um, what's something of value I can post out there. Um, that lens is a lot more helpful than, Hey, I want to create some content and I want to be famous. I think chasing status more so than trying to be helpful is not the best game. So. Absolutely. And I guess when you're writing that, how do you kind of make sure that you're actually articulating that you can solve the problem or there are certain frameworks or  And there's another book called the 16 word sales letter written by this guy who's a copywriter for Agora, which is they do over a billion year and they're primary like a financial newsletter. So that's kind of tactical on that side. For me, what I do is from breakthrough advertising, there's this framework that I use. So it's upside. So it's UPSYD. And I got this from these digital marketer digital marketer podcasts. And it's basically for the first time in the world.  And I think that's the framework I use. You also have talked a bunch about kind of people who are building companies being vision driven. I think a lot of people are like, oh, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to  And then you realize the vision is what ultimately what matters is the people, right? But if you want to keep the people together at the company, you got to have a great culture and how do you have a great culture? We need to have a unifying vision, right? And so, you know, whether it's, you know, we want to put a PC on everyone's desk or we want to organize the world's information. That's something that's motivating and something that people can wake up for every day. Right. And I remember Howard Marks from, from Activision. So he's got an interesting story about that.  And so when you tell your, like, when, when people are trying to join your company, like what's the vision? Well, the vision's to level up the world. Like you can wake up and say, let's do it. Let's do it. Right. Versus like, Oh, it's to, to be a billion dollar company. Right. That's like not as motivating. Absolutely. Um, you've talked a lot about, um, this idea that people get distracted in today's digital internet based world. Uh, there's notifications, there's sounds, there's flashing lights, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's,  they tweet. And one of the things you do if you want to grow on Twitter is you respond immediately as the first one, right, as you know. And so that to me is a helpful distraction because that's helping me, you know, build relationships, perhaps. And, you know, the other notifications I get, let's see, what else do I get? It's so there's that one, I don't have my message notifications on. I'm trying to think what else? It's kind of escaping my mind right now. Maybe we can come back to this one. Maybe I'll just hit me.  dollars a day, we should probably be spending more, but we're just promoting certain blog posts. And so there's, there's a very big stock exchange. That's one of the, my ad agency's clients. And they saw a Twitter ad that I had out that was mainly targeting SaaS people. And the email thread read was like, it was like, why aren't we getting this fire? Like, like we want, we want this, right. And that led to a whole, you know, upsell conversation and led to the contract getting bigger. And not only that, you know, we got a ton of qualified,  the gaming influencers out there that have couple hundred thousands or millions of subscribers. I'm like, dude, I'm talking to all these agencies right now. Like the CPMs or the cost per thousand impressions to try this. Like, I'm like, man, I should just, if it works, I'll do this all day. Because if you look at the Tim Ferriss book, he really targeted mommy bloggers, a lot of bloggers in the early days. And I think it was under priced attention, got them to help promote. That's, that's what I think happened. Um, but same deal here. Right? So I think if you can, if you think you have a good, uh,  through this hybrid publishing model where I have control of the rights and yet it's going to be going through a publisher. I can do all the marketing stuff I want to do like book funnels and things like that. Happy to talk about it. And I was like, look, I think this message needs to get out there because, you know, there's 3 billion gamers in the world. And, you know, me growing up, I used, I spent so much of my time playing, you know, poker first person shooter games, you know, a lot of MMORPGs. And I'm like, look, my parents used to look down on me, my friends used to look down on me saying,  Hopefully we're able to spread the message. And again, it's not to try to make money, not to try to, didn't make any money off of it out the gate. And then what I would say too is, if you wanna talk about promotion, happy to talk about it, but. I do, what is a book funnel? So a book funnel is, and I'm sure you've seen this, there's a lot of people running Facebook ads right now, or maybe even Google ads to, they'll be like, hey, Pomp, I'll give you my book,  you have a, when you have a book funnel, you have more control. You can actually make money on that initial campaign and then you can sell whatever you want in the backend when they're on your email list. That's the entire play. That's what these all, a lot of these internet marketers have been doing. And if you want to start a book funnel, there's software called ClickFunnels and they literally have a template that you can use to build a book funnel. So that's why we went hybrid because after we make this initial push, we're probably going to switch and really use our marketing prowess.  I got all this stuff done with the book. They did, they handled the cover. Like I have these badges in the book. It just looks good, right? Like the process was iron tight. Um, cause I just wouldn't want to deal with like, you know, all this other stuff. So, um, the process was locked in and, um, they told, like they have their sales team working on it right now. They're like, and so for winter they're like, um, the book is going to be our lead book. I was like, well, what does that mean? And they're like, Oh, it's going to be the main thing we focus on. Um, so I was like, okay, that's exciting. So there's this element of the book, you know,  And so, I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I  basically, uh, maybe it's subscribed to our YouTube channel or get on our email list or whatever. You can give like three points here, two points here, whatever. And so hopefully that the contest tend to work really well, but we're also giving away, um, you know, the first chapter of the book away for free. And then the final thing I'll say is, um, podcast tour. That's the biggest thing, right? So that's, that's part of the reason why I'm, I'm getting on a bunch of podcasts right now that pushes books because naturally, you know, people are listening to this podcast for you, but also like whatever the,  the right habits and leveling up from that perspective because in life, I mean, there's, um, there's a wealth ladder concept that, um, you know, another entrepreneur, his name's Nathan Berry. He created it. And so, you know, I, I would argue that the first thing you want to do is you want to build the right habits. Um, obviously you want to learn the right skills and then you, maybe you start working for someone, right? That's what your parents want you to do. And eventually the next step is, you know, you might freelance somewhere. And then the next step after that is you might build an agency, right? Or, you know, rewinding this step, you might,  from the platform business strategy is you're just practicing. Like you're literally acquiring the skills and getting better and better and you can go bigger and bigger from that versus something else is at play. Yeah, no, I think it's, you're just, you constantly, one of the things, so one of our core values for the agency is growth, right? So you're constantly seeking growth and you're constantly seeking how to improve and then also improve the world around you, right? And ultimately at the end of the day, whatever's going on politically,  I'm just like, none of that makes sense. So a lot of the messaging, the way you were programmed growing up, I'm trying to unwind that programming. Absolutely. You are one of the best marketers in the world. Uh, how would you say people who want to get better at marketing, uh, can go do that? Is it finding other people? Are there specific books, courses? Like what would your recommendations be? Yeah, I guess I'll just share kind of my story around that. Um, so I was working a dead end job coming out of school. So this is when the financial crisis hit.  And I'd study till 12 a.m. Right? So I'd go through all these courses and I'd just go whatever I picked up on like oh SEO I just go deeper on and go to Google and Anyway, what happened was for that that internship They were basically using us as content writers for free, right? And they had a bunch of content created and they started ranking for all this stuff So but anyway, I kept going deeper I went deeper on like SEO for example, and I actually ended up going to this blog called quick sprout Which is at the time it was my podcast co-op  And then I was also asking questions or I was learning and trying to add value to people kind of like like how we talked about earlier That's how I built my network around marketing where I could continue to ask questions because the stuff you learn online Maybe it's like 90 to 95 percent of the stuff people are willing to share the problem with marketing is if you talk about it Everyone starts to do it and then your tactic becomes invalid or your strategy so you typically just like with business and like these Business or marketing you want to hold  I do. Those are probably the best two spots. Awesome. Before we wrap up, I asked everyone the same two questions and then you'll get a chance to ask me one. The first question is what is the most important book you've ever read? And you can't say your own. Yeah. Most important book. I thought about this a while back, but I would say the most, the one that comes to mind first right now is the hard thing about hard things, just cause the entire book is about struggle. And that's basically what life is. So yeah, that's a fantastic book. Ben Horowitz from  I would say still as human beings were fairly primitive right now. Like how do we know? You know, so Well, we probably don't right? It's probably some estimated guess of like, oh we could see, you know x number of square miles Here's how many planets are in those square miles So like, you know if you multiply that by the number of square miles We think are out there like this is what it could be right? So something math like that. I'm sure yeah What question you got for me to wrap up? I would say What do you think so, you know, we go boss twins are like it's gonna go to 500k. Where do you think Bitcoin?  So like, you know, not unreasonable over a really long period of time. The number that I've put out publicly more short term is 100K by the end of next year. We'll see. Right. So far so good. Right. We're trending in the right direction. But as we know, this thing has a has a mind of its own and super volatile and we'll rip people's faces off in both directions. So we'll just wait till the end of December 2021 to see what happened.