 Alright guys, bang, bang. I've got Michael here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. Let's jump right into your background. What did you do before you started the company? So, my background is mostly in alternative investments and specialty finance. But actually, when I first started out, I really thought I wanted to learn about the real estate market and be a developer. That was like the most exciting thing for me.  I'll give you the middle school side hustle was great. So they we had I was in an all boys school on Long Island and in eighth grade they decided to upgrade the lockers and The way it worked was you had to pay like 125 bucks for a locker But the locker would stay in your family So for all the brothers you had in the school now I had no brothers in the school and it's like December time in eighth grade and I'm like How am I gonna pull this up? You know how it is like you want to be the cool kid with the locker? So  away, which is kind of an awesome side hustle. And so I did a couple of things like that, you know, ordered bagels and people didn't want the school food. And we used to get one day credit terms from the local bagel store and get 100 bagels. And so the older kids started school an hour before the younger kids sub fifth grade, my next door neighbor was like on the younger bus, but it was the same bus driver doing the route twice. So I made a deal with it. And I gave him a Bialy and cream cheese every day. If you pick me up on the last stop of the second route, and I went around the corner of the bagel store, my parents thought I went to  It was a tough time. It was a grueling time. You don't see success for a number of months there. And but I think it was an amazing experience. I taught you resilience. I taught you about rejection. And so I started there, found my way into into the hedge fund world, into private capital markets. Originally was doing pretty simple stuff like receivable finance, purchase order funding. And what I realized early on is that so I met there once told me riches are made in niches. And he's like, you got to identify something for yourself. It's different than everybody else was doing.  companies or antitrust cases or class actions had an asset that wasn't clearly defined. And so there's a level of risk around that ambiguity. But if you can get a big enough and diversified enough portfolio, then it's a really interesting strategy that has no correlation to broader markets. And there really wasn't competitive. There were four people in the world that I knew doing it at that time. And so that was my first. I had some other fun. I did a lending strategy around the NBA lockout, if you remember that back in the day. And so we were lending players during the lockout against  One is you have Hina Worth investors who would hear by word of mouth and other people that, hey, I heard you did a great deal. I heard my friend was in this deal. Can I come into the next one? I can give you 500 million, 2 million, 250, whatever. And that flow of traffic was increasing significantly. But from an administrative perspective, it became really difficult to manage that. And at the same time, my business was growing. The size of the investments that I was looking to make was much larger. And so I needed to really get some serious capital without spending 50% of my time doing  And I said, I don't understand like how does he pass me on the back? He was about 80 at the time and he goes welcome to the big boys. You're gonna spend 40-50% of your time raising capital. And to me that was super frustrating because that's not the part of the role that I ever enjoyed. What I enjoyed was identifying the strategies, the asset classes, finding alpha, working through, helping people grow businesses. Like that's where I personally got a lot of excitement and a lot of sort of stimulation. And that's where my energy was really focused. It wasn't focused on the raising capital. On the other side of the equation,  do with other players, et cetera. And they're like, well, we can't access them. Nobody wants to take 20,000, 50,000, 100,000. And so for me, I realized that the system was very much broken in how investors can access product and how managers can distribute product. And so where the price is ultimately paid is in lower yield to investors and in lower performance fees for managers, because there's this huge fee compression in the model. And so for me, it was a general frustration. And that's sort of a bit about my background and what  I even remember the guy's name based out of Collierville, Tennessee. Okay. Don't say his name, but go ahead. I'll tell you this, a Jewish kid from New York showing up in Collierville, Tennessee, like that's an experience in and of itself. All right. And so I'm spending a tremendous amount of time. We're with one of the major investment banks who have a term sheet out, committed capital. We're supposed to be closing in a couple of weeks. We're going through the diligence. We get five days away from closing. Everything is done. Commitment letter is out.  your commission, right? I'm young at that time. That's a point in commission. It's a big deal and gone poof five days before closing. So I'd say that was probably my biggest, my biggest, most traumatic moment, which also was part of the reason I left because it made me realize I had no control over my destiny. On the one hand, I had to call and identify and get referred and sort of find clients. And on the other hand, I didn't even control whether or not I could do a deal. And so the reason to go into the fund world  going to actually go build from a product standpoint. Yeah. So a lot of it has to do with what we just spoke about, sort of recognizing how inefficient the market was, both for asset managers and for retail looking taxes capital. There's another really sort of emotional or interesting story that very much drives a lot of decision making that I've had over my career, which sort of lingered for a long time. I didn't exactly know how to deal with it or how to fix it. And so I think back to  the American dream at his level. And big saver, very European in that sense, and sort of pushed all his extra savings into Charles Schwab. We always had what we need growing up. We're rich, but we're good. And so that's just who he is. And so this white face is just very uncharacteristic. I thought maybe it was like a health issue. And so I'm prodding him to like, you know, tell me what's up. And he's not going to give. Tough guy. And he goes to the bathroom or goes somewhere.  And so for me, at first, I honestly thought it was the dumbest answer ever, because I was too young to appreciate it. But looking back over the following few years, the first thing was like I was petrified of ever having to have that experience. The second was I was determined whatever it took to be diversified in what my investment approach and what my income approach would be. And I went on that journey, right? And so the real estate idea was, hey, I could always have multiple deals in the fire. And the fund idea is obvious. We're always investing in different strategies, asset classes, et cetera.  How do I get comfortable that I can pay every bill I have without ever having to worry? Like that's my sort of view. And obviously for everybody, that's a different level, but that's what we want to achieve. You want to wake up in the morning, you got a bill, you click auto pay and you're good to go. And there really isn't a path to get ahead. And so I was always inspired by the idea of why is it always the big institutions getting that access? But to be candid, I never really had a moment of clarity where I was able to figure out how can I be a part of that movement? And so I was on my merry way of doing that.  investment process, it wouldn't do much for you. It just meant that you could host a party at your local golf club and get people to show up and give them free bagels and locks and see if they want to invest. But with technology running at a pace of growth and efficiency as it was, and I think there was a huge change between like 2008 and 2015 and sort of what your capabilities were and how you distribute and consume information as consumers and how you sort of link to bank accounts and just make the overall process seamless.  know, foresight, I did not have the technology, the marketing and the operation skill set. And so I'm all sort of hot and bothered by this idea about this mission. And I get introduced to Melinda, my co founder, and Melinda, which was super interesting for me, he came from the exact opposite side. So Melinda grew up in India, he and his wife, he came over here to Boston for college. That's really when he came to America. And Melinda is an engineer by trade. And  career, young, et cetera. And so he saw the capability of being able to be part of that convexity. But when he sold Yodel to Web.com for just under 350, he had another major financial event and he was like, okay, how am I going to set my family up properly? And he's going around looking for investment opportunities. And he hits the same wall that all the other people we mentioned it, right? High minimums, long lockups, not really being welcomed or able to participate in this world of passive income, specialty finance. And so he became super passionate about  investments and help people generate $3 billion of income that they otherwise would not have access to outside of the public markets. And that's a bit about our founding story. And talk a little bit about kind of this focus on alternative assets. How do you see that in investors portfolios today? How has that changed over the last couple of months as we've kind of seen this chaos in the legacy financial system, the Fed stepping in and lowering rates and printing money,  who are highly compensated to identify better investment strategies. So, you know, you and I sitting at home or even talking to people who are being sophisticated, we don't have the horsepower that, you know, a BlackRock or someone else has. And so what you'll see in every trend, you know, even when basic portfolio theory was started, right, in every trend, retail is always going to be like, so if you go back even 10 years ago, we started an institution started moving 10% into alts. Now, I think what you're seeing is as a result of interest rates being low, as a result of volatility in the market,  where's all that excess fee? You're seeing all these hedge fund managers and all these big asset managers making so much money. Why aren't we seeing the same thing when we invest in their strategies? It's because by the time we get there, it's fees and fees and fees and fees and fees. And so the access part is a big issue to actually helping people access more alternatives if they were conscious of wanting to get there even sooner. The second thing is I think that what people's desires of investing in the past might be different  And so, in our case, we're going to look for assets that are lowercase than we're going to look for. And so, we're going to look for assets that are lowercase than we're going to look for. And so, we're going to look for assets that are lowercase than we're going to look for. And so, we're going to look for assets that are lowercase than we're going to look for. And so, we're going to look for assets that are lowercase than we're going to look for. And so, we're going to look for assets that are lowercase than we're going to look for.  have stuck to stocks and bonds, mostly because of the limitation of what they were being offered and the experience in which they can access them. You don't want to go and get a 100 page PPM and sign the entire PPM. You can't understand it. You want to come to a platform that's digitally native, that speaks to you today. You want to see things in infographics. You want to see things in webinars. You want things to be broken down to you. You want to consume information. We have a policy here at Eel Street. If you can't explain the deal to your mother, we shouldn't do it. Period. End of story.  time here at Eel Street to show an investor journey's life. Okay, so we'll get it from 18 to 80. So in the early part of your life called 18 2025, it's all debt, student debt, housing debt, auto debt, credit cards, and the list goes on. As you start growing up, you get a job and now you have a 401k, then you have a little stocks and bonds, etc, etc. We only saw 10% of people being able to invest at the age of 65 or  You think about the volatility. You think about the reality that people aren't actually getting ahead. You think about how many companies were public 10 years ago versus how many companies are public today with the advent and the growth of the private equity in the venture markets. We're not actually accessing the level scale or quality of companies that we were 20 years ago or even 10 years. So when you invested in Apple early on or in one of these other major companies, whether it's Microsoft or Exxon or who knows what it was.  And so that's why institutions are moving there. And that's why retail is moving there more and more aggressively. And so to answer one of your questions, where do I think it's going? I think we're going to see 30 to 40% of people's overall portfolio and also over the next five years. How much of the obstacle right now is regulation? We recently saw a little bit more in some of the crowdfunding regulation kind of go from a million dollars to 5 million. And there's a little bit of progress happening there. But we still live in this society that's driven  to invest, how do we kind of get them into some of these investment opportunities in the private market or in the alternative space that either one have been difficult to access, right? Sounds like you guys are solving that with technology, but two, there's still this kind of regulatory obstacle as well. It's a great question. For me, it's a mixed bag is the truth. And I think people don't look at it this way enough in my personal opinion. So first of all, I think on or about December 8th,  their job is to protect the US consumer to the best of their ability. What they see is a world of private investments that has limited transparency in some respects. And at the end of the day, sure, could they make it available to everyone? Yeah. Are people going to get hurt in that process by unscrupulous businesses? Yes. Who's the first person they're going to blame? The regulators.  trying to create sort of a licensing model for digital banks, lightening the requirement for accredited investor, allowing reggae plus. Certain things have happened. Even the general solicitation concept is a huge, huge move. I mean, I could never call you out of the blue and say, Anthony, you want to invest in this product. And so we are moving in the right direction. This current administration has been very pro the relaxed lean of some of these regulations. Some of the bigger challenges  to be able to sort of run checks and balances to a certain extent. And so I think functionally, it's difficult. I think a solution to that is how do we have more of a partnership with the regulators, right? Part of the problem is that the people who have an outnumbered seat at the table are the incumbents. The incumbents aren't particularly interested in helping the small guy. Doesn't serve their business model well. Technology is a disruptor. So for Yield Street, you want to put in 5,000? Great. You want to put in 5 million? Fantastic.  these guys are really trying to help other people, we should let that happen. Like, okay, we're just gonna cut the 1940 act. That's fine, or the 1933, that seems like a little outdated, let's cut it up. And so the process and the bureaucracy that exists to move some of these things along, unfortunately is already real and it takes some time. I think we're going in the right direction. I think that's the most important thing. I can tell you from our personal experience, so Yolchud is a regulated entity. We go through ordinary examinations as any other registered investment advisor  that the right checks are in place? Do you really do KYC? How do you think about accredited investor verification? Is your technology supporting these things? And just going through all that, there's going to naturally be an education cycle. But again, I think in summary, we are headed in the right direction. We have seen improvements continuously over the years. Can we do better? Sure, but everyone can do better. Business owners, regulators, governments. So that's not something to knock on. I think what we really have to think about broadly from a macro perspective,  I do think that if you're looking squarely at the logic behind the SEC, it's not to suggest that wealthier people are smarter. It's to suggest that wealthier people have potentially more bandwidth for error. The margin of error is less impactful. So if somebody is sort of at the cutting edge of a $40,000 annual job and they scrape $10,000 together and they invest in a deal and the deal goes to $40,000,  have hurdles in what we can offer to people because of regulation. Sure. How do we deal with it? We have to find structures that are old, but together with our technology, we can come up with a solution. So to be specific, we launched the 40 Act fund in March of this year, which is available to non-accredited investors as well. Does give them access to a portfolio of investments that are inherently diversified by multiple positions.  But you can't fix it all in one day, but I think as long as we're going in the right direction and we're not regressing then, you know, we should be we should be celebrating progress. Absolutely. And you guys have done a great job kind of navigating this environment. What are some of the more popular or interesting either opportunities or mechanisms on the yield street platform and obviously understand that there's a bunch of regulation as to You're not trying to promote them, but if you use without name You can kind of describe the types of things that people are coming to yield street  financial services and technology that help a business become much more disruptive. When you look at most companies, the readers started by a finance professional who hires a CTO, which usually ends up with limited technology, a beautiful website, some functionality, and a bunch of people in back office doing the same thing you were doing if you were in a tech business. When you have a tech CEO who hires a finance professional, what you have is super-robotic.  And so you got to have a tremendous attention to detail and focus on asset quality and asset performance. I always say never invest with someone because they can make you money, right? We used to have this line of my office used to be on the 54th floor and, you know, everybody comes in pitching the flavor of the month of their, their idea. And I would always say you can pick a million dollars in cash, open up the window, shake it out, express elevator downstairs. We'll get down. There won't be a dollar left. Putting money out is the easy part. Bringing it back home is where, is where the talent is.  opportunities, full well-knowing that not everything's going to go perfect, but we got to have the team that understands how to deal with those situations. And so you have a team that really has serious rigor in both financial services and technologies. I think that's key differentiator number one. Number two is when you talk to a lot of these different businesses, you know, they want to distribute real estate. They want to, so they'll say we're democratizing fractional ownership or democratizing access to real estate or some other asset class, et cetera. And I think  So you look across the risk reward spectrum. I want some bonds here. I want cash and cash alternatives. I want equity. I want debt. I want high growth equity like venture capital, some higher risk, some higher reward, et cetera. But I want to curate it. So based on my preferences, my income, my expenses, et cetera, show me the three or four best options for me. So I'll give you an example. You look at it right now in sort of the Wall Street world, you have every top name manager raising capital for what they're calling distress  Someone hasn't paid their bills in nine months. So they're in default, right? So there's a lot of distress opportunities. Think about hotels. You walk around New York City, most of the hotels are closed. The ones that are open barely have any services. And so there's going to be distress in the market and people in these funds are sort of going out there and raising enormous amounts of money to take advantage of that, you know, seeking to generate returns of 12, 15, 20% over the next few years. I don't know anyone in retail who's going to get access to that, but they should, right? And so when we think about what we're providing to you and why we're different  part of that story or lead that story. And so I have two great examples if you'll indulge me. First one is 15 20 years ago. What was your favorite cell phone. 15 years ago. Probably would they have like the sidekick the razor all those right. Maybe I even had it. I usually have a beef phone and an OKEA on my desk.  I think I played more snake than anyone I know in the black area brick breaker. But here I am buying an iPhone for a thousand bucks, 1200 bucks. What happened? Let's talk about the way we shop. I remember I used to help my mom do errands and go to the baker, the butcher, the fisherman, the flower store, the variety store, the bank. Now I walk into Whole Foods, where you walk into your local equivalents or one stop shop role. So what happened?  Is the store going to have better quality over time? Yeah, but I'm coming here for now. Now let's think about your financial life. How many bank accounts do you have? How many credit cards do you have? How many different investments do you have? How many 401ks if you're in your 40s? And so everything else in our life is getting more efficient, focused more on utility. But the part that's arguably most important, maybe healthcare is similar, right? And same issues there. The part that's most important that we interact with every day, how we spend money, how we make money, every single day.  system around Anthony's financial world that he feels comfortable in this one spot and nobody else is thinking about it like that. Not a single platform. And when you think through that, there's kind of two parallel trends here, right? One is kind of this like land and expand strategy with a user or a consumer. So if I can get you to start buying a secured credit, now all of a sudden I can offer you parallel products. I can offer you advice around those products. I can kind of wrap services around it. I can really create that ecosystem you  where you guys will also start to get into the more kind of esoteric alternatives as well. And you think that's interesting or is it something where you want to stay kind of down the fairway from a investible asset standpoint and then just kind of build out that ecosystem around those kind of more straightforward investment opportunities? I think a couple of interesting points to pick up from there. So one is I think in part because of where rates are  I think the other side is, like for example, you touched on collectibles. The whole collectible industry is blown up in an amazing way. Part of it is because digitalization, part of it is globalization, part of it is because there's far more millionaires today than there ever were before, right? So entrepreneurs, businesses, all that. So people spend money in different places. You think about like the watch industry is insane. You think, and like that's like a real commoditized asset at this point, liquid market.  exactly where it was. So imagine you're a lawyer, you worked on a case, you get this big fee, now you gotta get paid over the next 20 years. So what people did was they went out and sold the payment stream, either in a securitization market or through private investors. So we had one on the platform a couple of years back. And so here you had a payment instrument guaranteed by Philip Morris, let's say, who his public debt was trading at nothing, but you were able to get a 9% or an 8% yield on the payment stream.  There is a theory of why it would make sense to go there. So I think that's part of the reason why you're seeing some of that. I obviously disagree with a lot of the stuff that people are creating sort of investible assets, just jumping on the bandwagon, sort of high tide, rise to sell boats kind of thing. For Yield Street specifically, our goal was never to be like the innovator of investment strategies. I leave that to the best hedge funds in the world and the best asset management in the world.  going to be like the craziest thing because everyone's home now and told it and they want to look better on an interview. So I'm going to invest in the green the ring light manufacturer. I think that for me it's too much risk. I think if you look around the investment world there is trillions of dollars in investment product with track record to prove it matters etc. Within that universe you can access the entire risk profile. You want to look for something that goes like that. Let's go find a good earlier late stage VC and participate in their fund.  I think in 10 years from now, honestly, I want to get there sooner, but let's say in 10 years from now, I want you to be the household name globally for digital wealth management across the board. It's pretty, uh, it's pretty good goal to have the four. I think it's really doable. Like I think, you know, who is that name today doesn't exist. I think the incumbents, it's too difficult for them to build what we're building, right? We're starting on, you know, 2015 to 2017 technology and iterating, you know, daily on it.  I love that answer. Before I wrap up, I always ask people the same two questions, and you'll get to ask me one question at the end. The first question is, what is the most important book that you've ever written?