 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Yoni here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Thank you very much for having me. Always a pleasure. This is either your second or third time on the podcast. So I'm not going to waste a bunch of time going through the background. People can go listen to the first episode, but spend maybe 30 seconds on just what is eToro. Sure. eToro, today's the world's largest social trade.  We've been doing this for a while now, founded in 2007, quite big in Europe and in Asia, and just recently launched in the US our crypto trading social network to start with and plan to add soon our commission of free stock trading as well. One of the things that everyone knows you for is obviously all the retail trading, all the retail products, but you recently put a big focus on institutional services. Help us understand what exactly are you guys doing on the institutional side  our own order book. So when our customers at some cases came and bought $200 million of Bitcoin in one day, we'll be able to basically get these orders and distribute them between several exchanges. Of course, there's a lot of things like, what's the credit risk? Some of these exchanges or all of them, by the way, aren't public, right? So back then it was impossible to trade with highly regulated and sort of large  the fact that we're a regulated entity, the fact that we have our own flow, which is hundreds of millions of dollars a day going through our own internal order books, and simply let's put it out there as a product until other institutions, other brokers, listen, this is the infrastructure we're using for ourselves, the best possible security because we custody significant  So we've seen a lot of institutions sort of evaluate the APIs or do the onboarding and some of them buy and hold. So I think what we so far have seen is institutions eventually coming to sort of buy and hold, thinking about sort of custody more than anything else. I think what we're seeing now is a bigger interest. We're seeing more and more partners who are looking to  they're getting, their institutions are gradually getting there to put in the pipes in place. I think that's also what we're seeing now in this rally that we're seeing in Bitcoin. I think we're seeing this rally because some selected institutions said, okay, let's put a pedal to the metal. Let's set up the infrastructure, whether it's PayPal or whether it's Square also announcing they're buying out of their treasury or Micro  trend of 10 years ago or eight years ago, it was all the conversation around like criminals, drug dealers, terrorists. That's what crypto is for. These people are all bad people. Keep this out of our banks. Keep this out of our portfolios. Maybe four or five years ago, you started to see people saying, wait a second, what is this? Let me get educated. Now, it feels like there's just this bonanza of large asset managers, large financial institutions that are saying, I have to do something here. Even the JP mortgage of the world  I think, again, first of all, I love the Goldman and JP research on Bitcoin. I just enjoy seeing their logos of their research talking about Bitcoin. And their views are getting better as well, by the way. I think the pandemic, everybody's talking about how the pandemic has accelerated digital transformation, right? Suddenly everybody's at home. The last time we did this was in person. Now we're doing it on Zoom. People are closing deals. Everything is online.  who are now suddenly buying constantly on Amazon and AliExpress. And traditionally, they were actually going to the stores. And I think we are seeing the same acceleration of digital transformation in money. They are looking at this and saying, okay, let's make sure we don't miss this train because something real is happening here. Take into account the VPs and managing directors now at all of the large  I used to be always I made fun that assets under management in the world are 140, I think it's trillion dollars, right? So that's such a big number. But now we were seeing governments print in trillions, Europe, Asia, everywhere. Now that printing is basically devaluing fiat currency. And that is a discussion that more and more people are talking about. I heard from one of the banks analysts yesterday  or specifically of Bitcoin as a store of value. Love how JP looked at it and said, listen, if it could be gold, it could go 10X. But again, if you think about, I don't know, how would you compare Google before Google was Google, right? You couldn't imagine its size. So I think comparing it to gold saying it's kid can go 10X, then you can also think, okay, but what if digital gold is actually better and bigger than regular gold as a store?  goods, it's just really hard to kind of compartmentalize those different trends and understand how big it gets. So I completely agree there. What have you guys seen people doing during the recent rise, whether it's in the stock market or in crypto? Are there changes in behavior that are very obvious to you that you guys say, look, in our data, we're seeing X or Y happen? Well, first of all, again, this year has been the year of the rise of the millennial  Right. So this entire year everywhere people are talking about stocks People are talking about investing in the markets. The markets have been crazy interesting crypto has been interesting as well with a very wide range and now at the peak since You know the bubble burst in 2017 So I think this really is the year That's opening up the millennial investors to start investing  to Neo. So those are the, you know, for a large period this year, the most traded stocks on eToro. So you can say that crypto lovers, which is sort of right, they like digital currencies and digitization. And maybe blockchain is like a comparison for drive of cars AI. So there is some connection between the two, but that's very like interesting to see how Bitcoiners are also Tesla's.  One of the biggest things this year is to say, why did it buy much more stocks and crypto? So we had that fear when the markets panicked. For us, it was an insane month, both in crypto and in the stock. So when all of the institutions and that's so interesting to see like the dynamic between, you know, panic and hysteria and how different audiences or how do different age demographics and institutions  What happened there is that asset managers that had crypto still held crypto as a risk asset, which is interesting because that series that we Bitcoiners like to say that Bitcoin is a great hedge to the portfolio. It's an uncorrelated asset and because it's basically de-risking central bank printing of money. So it's a hedge against governments.  I think when we saw the crunch coming and everybody going to panic, a lot of people sold and that's why we saw crypto drop so much because they all tried to simply de-risk their portfolios. And I think what we're seeing now suddenly is investors actually coming in from that different perspective. They're coming in as a treasury asset into Bitcoin. What's really interesting that we saw  Why is everybody going out of market? What really changed work and they bought everything like we saw retail investor buying hertz FedEx Airlines Boeing like our top 10 traded stocks back then was stocks that went down 80 90 percent And that was awesome because by the way recently they all made a lot of money right because of the rebound But that's also telling you the story of crypto in the markets right retail investors can't take  Big shift towards retail and I think if you think about crypto, it's an opposite, right? I think it's 80 90 percent retail now and Gradually, we'll see institutions coming in and taking a bigger piece of the pie. Yeah, you've talked a lot about kind of this millennial investor And I think that millennial investor and retail are somewhat interchangeable But what else have you seen those money on investors? So you mentioned, you know crypto, obviously there's Tesla There's what I'll call a lot of like the pandemic stocks whether it's the zooms of the world  So we've seen a lot of our clients going into companies like SolarEdge. Unproportionate amount of assets in eToro are going towards renewable energy and sustainable investing. So the likes of sort of Beyond Meat, Tesla, NIO also are in that category. So electric cars. So we definitely saw the audience sort of looking for disruptive technology. We saw them going into gene editing.  and estimating how much money they're gonna do from the vaccine for COVID. And what's interesting in these things is if you think about retail investors suddenly analyzing, and we see this really interesting, like on the social network, giving a full analysis of suddenly drunk companies and comparing them to one another. That's very interesting, because that means retail investors aren't only exposed to what we've seen so far, which is the fangs, right?  people to both impact the markets, but also understand what's happening in these companies. Yeah, it's really interesting when you also look at those things don't seem so risky to that millennial investor, right? When you're talking about gene editing, when you're talking about renewable energy, when you're talking about sustainable meat, I think that most people are like, of course, right? If you're under a certain age, it's just, of course that's going to happen. Very similar to, I think, you know, Bitcoin, that's why the younger demographic is just, of course, digital goods are going to be a thing. Of course, these  a real new sort of era for capital markets, which is what we've been chiming since 2007, is open the global markets for everyone to trade investments in a simple and transparent way. We're just seeing it happening now. And it's funny because it took me Warren Buffett to hit my head with how easy capital markets are for me to feel comfortable shouting that more and more.  So first of all, SPACs of 2020 are ICOs of 2017. So they institutionalized ICOs into capital markets and that's roughly what we're seeing. So, you know, they raised $60 billion of dry powder to SPACs this year. SPACs were traditionally blank check companies who went on to try and  I think most people don't really understand how SPACs work. So what we have is great examples of successful SPACs, whether it's Draftsking, which was an awesome, one of the most successful SPACs earlier this year, whether it's things like Virgin Galactic, which is a huge story. There were a lot of successful SPACs over the past 12,  companies. I think last time we talked we said you know there are so many mature internet companies who are private right now raising a hundred million dollars and staying private. Now there are more and more companies who are generating 500 million dollars revenues and are still staying private and SPACs is basically a tool of capital markets to sort of you know accelerate them being public. Take all of these private companies a lot of them really great private companies  because you can't get into IPOs. It's like amazingly hard for a retail investor to get allocated to a successful IPO. And here you actually get to trade the stock of the stack prior to the deal being done, right? So a stack closes a deal with a target and until that, you know, months before signing and closing,  that you're most interested in, right? You've obviously been a Bitcoin holder and fan for a long time, but what other areas are you paying attention to or interested in? I think, you know, I've always, I was always a big, big fan of ETH. I think moving ETH to staking is super interesting. Having a sort of, let's call it, ETH risk-free asset.  a year to their holders. That's two to five billion dollars of ETH being distributed, not to miners, which is complicated and requires you to buy stuff and to buy hardware, but just to the holders of ETH. That's a big paradigm shift in crypto, I think. So very interesting to see what's happening there. We see its progress. I think because our interest in  a lot of these early stages of the staking protocols like we're doing in East, like we offered Cardano, we're going to launch very soon Tezos, which has a very different view of staking, which I think also is interesting. And I like what they're doing at Tezos. We're seeing a Tron, I think we're already giving staking. So I think staking is a big part of what's happening now in crypto and it forces  Protocol groups that they really want this I I think we've seen the most interest coming from the Cardano investors on eToro I think East is a bit earlier stage I you know, it's also very complicated because you need to lock it up. So it's gonna still take a while before people I think expect that expect it because it's sort of like I don't know how to call it fork schmork with a whole  you guys are going to try to build into the product or do there that, yeah, this is a big divergence from the stock market where everything's pretty straightforward. There's a whole bunch of stuff going on. What are you thinking there? So first of all, we're following a lot of the action. So we like wherever we see action and people work, you see crypto Twitter screaming and shouting, you know, you need to at least take a look. So we'll be adding a couple of these interesting  So it's like progressing from hardware to software. I'm a very, very good believer that code is going to change legal sort of mumbo-jumbo, so lawyers and accountants eventually. So if you could do a transaction in code rather than lawyer, 200-page legal agreements between the three different parties, I'm a very big believer in the future of D5.  is sort of what's happening with Maker. So you've seen sort of every single financial innovation that you've seen in Wall Street, but you know that requires a lot of suits and lawyers and just being done between financial institutions. I think you've seen all of that sort of crystallized into a you know developer chef saying hey let's do something crazy here and just launching it and suddenly have a lot of finance geek  you know, mid to late nineties, all those ideas were actually very valid and ended up being highly successful companies. It was just the, you know, music streaming, the, uh, grocery delivery businesses, like all of the ones in the mid to late nineties ended up not being the winner. It's almost like 10 years later is when they actually got built and those were the sustainable companies. Does it feel a little bit like that is happening in DeFi right now where it's like, these are the right ideas. And I agree with you, you know, 20 years from now we'll be like, wow, this is amazing. But maybe.  is what everybody else is buying and selling and you computerized it, I actually ran a simulation of it. You get to see and all the bot knows is look what everybody's doing, decide whether are you buying today the asset or are you selling today the asset? It looks like this. Going up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up,  all basically complex financial instruments who sort of take money, put money in other smart contracts, create some type of arbitrage or enabling others to create some type of arbitrage or take a market risk like Uniswap, so take a market maker risk. What's funny is if you look at each of these protocols you can compare them to something from you take a Goldman Sachs and there's a  when it comes to the institutions in DeFi, you know, the institutional services you guys are building, will that include DeFi stuff in the future? And has there been interest from the institutions in that, you know, kind of subset of the crypto market? I think so far we've seen more institutions looking into, you know, staking because they're saying, hey, here are yields. How do we get our yields on these protocols from institutions? And DeFi, I think it's a lot in the research.  demand for investing in DeFi protocols or in sort of the DeFi itself yet. There's also a range of financial institutions, right? So 25 year old guy who made a million dollars in crypto console himself today in financial institutions. So of course, what's interesting to me too, I think is like, if you go back and you look, you know, maybe in the eighties, right into the nineties, a lot of the hedge funds that are taking  that those guys aren't playing in yet and are unlikely to do anything in for some period of time, right? It's kind of like when those large hedge funds want to play, what do they go first? They go to Bitcoin, right? And then it's like, oh, what's this ETH thing, right? And then maybe they'll go to two or three others to get to, you know, SushiSwap is going to take a while, right? And that feels like a big opportunity for kind of the crypto native audience. I think that exactly sort of, you know, I was joking 25, it could be 35 or 45.  say, $100 billion. These are not what I call financial institutions. These are not hedge fund managers. These are just the people who made the first $50 to $100 billion of crypto in the crypto space. And they have a lot of crypto and they're looking for arbitrage. They're looking for yield. They're looking for interesting projects. And that as long as crypto keeps on growing, we're just  to Tron, you know, I would actually use the exchange rather than just buy and hold an asset. I want to do more with my crypto. I would be remiss if I didn't ask, what do you hold? Whatever you want to say. By the way, my entire holdings are public, right? So Etoro is a social network. You can just go to Etoro.com. I think it's slash people slash Yoniasia. All right. Etoro and Yoniasia, you'll get to see my entire portfolio. So,  Tron when I went with Justin to meet Warren Buffett. So I have some Tron. I think every blockchain where I know that owners like Arthur from Tezos, I also at some point said, okay, here, look, here's my tour. Here's how fast you can buy Tezos. I think when I met him at a conference. So I have a lot of the smaller coins, but let's say it's about 10% of my portfolio. And then stocks, just anything I use, Disney.  the same two questions to wrap up, but you've already answered those questions. So I have two different ones for you. We'll start with the fun one first. What is your favorite hummus? And this is coming from people on Twitter. I don't know why they're asking you, but what is it? By the way, I'm guessing it's Howard Lindzen asking it. It was not. Answer and then I'll tell you who it was. So, unfortunately, and you didn't say anything about the fact that since the  And I use the Gamal one. All right. The other question I have for you is, it's much more fun. I want to learn, which is you went to dinner with Warren Buffett through this Justin sun donation. I think it happened. Whatever. What was the biggest takeaways that you had or the lessons that you learned talking to Warren Buffett for a prolonged period of time? So what's,  I think my biggest aha moment sitting with Warren Buffett is you know I read a lot of his books and He says by the way in his books exactly what he says in person So I highly recommend reading a lot of his books, but he says listen if you look at the stock markets and you identify companies who you believe Will just get stronger with a moat around them, right? So you believe in their product you look at their financials you understand you can read  happening, investors today, millennials, are suddenly realizing I should use my money because when you're compounding 20% returns for 30 years, it's a mind-blowing figure. And I think that's the, he's been saying it in books, I've been reading it for years, but sitting with him and hearing it from his mouth, at some point I'm like, I can't believe it.  generate double-digit returns in the markets over a long period of time. And I asked him, do you think this is also correct now? If I would give you the next 50 years to invest, would you still be doing the same thing? He said that I would do it better. Wow. It's so simple, but people want to make it harder than it really is. It's like everything. It's yin and yang, right? So it's  popular investors on eToro grew by, I think it's five fold. So suddenly people are looking at them and saying, Hey, this guy's trading for seven years on eToro. He has a track record. A lot of them have this bump during crypto winter. So it's like, and I think that's really the awakening again of the millennial investor. Yeah, it's awesome. Where can people go find you on the internet or find more about eToro?  user metrics, revenue, future plans, whatever you want to share, the floor is yours. I have not come prepared to that question, but we've had the best year of Vittoro ever. So this year is going to be better and bigger than the crypto boom. So the, you know, Corona rally and the rise of a millennial investor. We've seen more than 4 million registered users this year. We've seen revenues more than double.  Ladies and gentlemen, that's Yoni from eToro. Thank you so much, sir. Thank you very much, Tom. Always a pleasure.