 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Nikhil here. I'm super excited about this. Thank you so much for joining us. Thanks so much for having me, man. Absolutely. Let's just jump right into your background. I think that you've got kind of a really interesting story. Kind of help us understand where you grew up, what you did, school, and then before you became a venture capitalist. For sure. So I grew up in England. My parents immigrated there from India. And so I was born in the UK.  of different startup ideas. One of them actually turned into a real company called Artsy, which is a marketplace for original art today. And then the light bulb went off for me that at some point I'd love to be on the other side of the table to try investing. I had the chance to start out as an intern at Insight Venture Partners in New York, join their full time, and then just kept going. And, you know, ended up joining Shasta Ventures back in 2012, spent almost eight years there. And so I've spent basically the whole  the next huge company and get a front row seat to being part of that journey as an investor was the sort of spark that attracted me the most. And frankly, it's still the thing that I get most excited about every day. I just love getting to spend time with entrepreneurs. And I think it's very hard if you don't love that to love venture capital investing, because there's a lot of great ways to make money and frankly, easier ways to make  impetus for being intrigued by the solo capitalist kind of structure. Yeah. So back in March, I knew that I was going to end up leaving Shasta later this year. And, and so I started to write and I wrote up like a seven page memo about the current status of the venture capital industry and where I thought it was going to go. And it was really for myself to think through where do I want to play in  investors of a decade ago. And there's a bunch of these folks who have cropped up and are competing on leading seed rounds, leading series A rounds, maybe even leading series B and C rounds against traditional films. And so I started writing about them for myself and started talking to a number of other people in the ecosystem about them earlier this year. And then that's what led me to finally publish this piece in July, where I think I was the first one to use this term, solo capitalist and  So you kind of drew this like big industry map and then identified solo capitalist as one of many different types of roles. But how did you kind of see that evolving over time? Yeah, I mean, so number one, I think we're going to see more and more individual investors who attract founders and more and more founders who get excited to work with individual investors instead of traditional firms. And the reason I feel that way is if you look at the  I see them fitting is these people like, uh, Eli Gil, Ray Tonsing, Lachie Groom, um, Josh Buckley, Minal Hassan, uh, you know, Addie Lerner, uh, Nico Wittenborn. There's several of them. And actually at some point I should publish a follow-up post that, that tries to name all of them or have like an ongoing list of a bunch of them. Um, but I think we'll see more people like this. Number one in the ecosystem, we'll see more of them.  portfolio companies, you're on the boards of 30 of them, that's a challenging place to be. And our business notoriously doesn't scale anyway. And so I think that's kind of a big unknown question. Yeah. I think the whole idea of you're basically unbundling a venture capital firm with the solo capitalist and then at some point it has in everything, it just gets bundled back together again, right? Yeah. I think that's potentially likely. I'm sure we're going to see a handful of them joined together as well and raise funds together.  system today. And so I just thought it's important for folks to understand that aspect as well. Absolutely. I want to kind of go through a couple of companies that you've invested in really with the goal of trying to unpack kind of the investment process or how you develop an investment thesis. The first one I figured that we would start with is ClassDojo. Maybe tell us a little bit about what this company does, how you came across them, and then what ultimately got you excited about investing. Yeah, ClassDojo has a special place in my heart because it was the first company  for teachers, parents, and students, and also a place for parents to have more content and more engagement with their kids beyond school. And that's actually the way that the business monetizes is that we have a subscription offering for parents, and we can upsell that to any parents on the platform. We are free to teachers and always will be. And so back into COVID,  of early signs of product market fit when we invested. Number two, we felt that there was this chance for them to unlock an amazing business model with parents down the road because they had heavy engagement and retention of parents already on the product. But they weren't yet offering parents anything more than the ability to see what teachers are saying about their kids. And so that was kind of the second part of the thesis is, hey, this is a chance to actually build  the mission of making kids and teachers and classrooms happier, more productive. And I would say that's also very much played out in the last seven years since we invested. So that's a little bit about kind of three pillars of the investment thesis, what got us excited about it. And seven years later, really proud of this investment  a decades long journey ahead. I wouldn't be surprised if it ends up being the last job for both of them. Absolutely. How do you test for or try to unpack that commitment, that mission driven element of a founder, right? You know, there's a lot of investors who will talk about the easiest way for a company to fail is for the founders basically to give up. So how do you kind of unpack that during diligence and as you get to know somebody? Yeah, I mean, I think this is the most, in some ways,  a sort of gut judgment on the founders. And it's probably the most subjective part of early stage investing. I would say with Clostrid in particular, we spent a bunch of time with Sam and Liam, the founders. I remember going on a walk with Sam, the CEO, as we were, actually right after we had decided to give them a term sheet as we were trying to win them over and coming away from that hour long walk feeling  And I think we had elements of that that we saw in the class to your founders early stage. Yeah, that's awesome. Another company is Canva, which many people may not know, but this is an absolute monster of a business. Talk a little bit about that one and kind of what the thesis was and how you guys got comfortable making the investment. Yeah. I mean, Canva is an absolutely amazing company, which, you know, has a software platform that enables anyone to design a company.  financial metric. But when we invested in the company, it was 2014. So a year after ClassDojo. And the company had launched about six months prior to our investment. And like ClassDojo, the first pillar of the thesis was a whole bunch of early signs of product market fit. So the Canva product in month six, month seven had hundreds of thousands of monthly active users. Those users were creating over a million designs a month. You could see in the early  And so, and the final thing was the product was growing 30, 40, 50% organically every month without the company doing anything to drive that growth. And so you could see on a whole bunch of dimensions, growth, engagement, retention, that Canva was special in like month six, month seven. It wasn't yet monetizing. And so there was this question around, hey, how's it going to make money? Actually similar question. Now that they think about it to, to, to class dojo, but we believe that there were enough dollars going off  they've been working on. They've worked on a yearbook business beforehand and found it was actually difficult to design that yearbook and they needed great software to make the design. And so Canva was born out of a very authentic pain point for Melanie, Cliff, and that early team. And you could just tell their insane passion for what they were working on. And that passion was translated into a lot of different aspects of that product and a lot of reasons for why those early  you see that product. Walk us through maybe kind of your process or some of the things you keep in mind when you are pre-product, pre-data, pre-revenant. Such a great question. I think, again, this is really hard. For every investor who invested in one of these generational companies pre-product and certainly pre-early signs of product market fit,  by maybe an early mock-up of the product that I was able to get there conviction-wise without seeing any early data. And then a few of my regrets too in investing have been that way. So for instance, when I looked at Robinhood at the Series A, there wasn't early data that showed a whole bunch of signs of product market fit. There was a wait list of hundreds of thousands of users who wanted the product, but the product was only  that something isn't working yet. And I think you just have to rely on instinct around either the founders, the product or the market, but it's instinct versus data. The obvious answer to how you compensate for essentially taking more risk would be you'd want to pay a different price for what you're investing in. Are there other things that you take into consideration when you are taking more risk other than just price? Yeah. I mean,  not price. Maybe I'll use that phrase one day. Again, this is something that's very hard to quantify, especially because some markets are unintuitive and hard to predict how big they can become. But where I would take pre-product market fit risk would be on someone working on a disruptive technology that maybe no one else is working on or no one else  It's in a whole different industry. Maybe talk to us a little bit about that business and kind of what was so intriguing about it. Yeah, so Color Genomics is a genomic testing business which started off with a cheap and more convenient way for anyone to get a cancer genomic screening test.  I believe in 2017. Today, for instance, they've done an incredible job in the last eight months, spinning up a testing business for COVID-19. And if you're in a place like the Bay Area, colors testing sites are all over the place and are one of the fastest and cheapest ways to get a COVID-19 test, which has been terrific for a whole number of reasons in the last  but equally, if not more accomplished, an incredible angel investor, an incredible operator. And so we thought that this was just an incredible team that was getting built to work on the intersection of biology, healthcare, and computing, which is an area that I actually studied in undergrad in college. I majored ultimately in molecular biology. And so I'd had a passion for this area for a long time, and I'd been looking for a team  time to find these even more compelling opportunities than their original business. And I think that's right now the story of color. Yeah. And it's so funny to hear kind of each explanation of these businesses because the team is so important. And if you look at some of the great businesses today, right, whether it is Amazon, whether it's Twitter, a lot of these businesses, uh, either started out doing something completely different and evolved, or they've drastically expanded what they've done. Um, and ultimately like that is how you scale and build  product market fit, a good business, maybe a great business in some cases. But then these companies had an act two and act three that were even better businesses that expanded the size of the addressable market as well. And that's the story over and over again. If you look at Tesla from Roadster to Model S to Model 3 to what they are today, Amazon from books to the everything store to AWS,  Absolutely. I want to switch gears a little bit and talk about a couple of topics that you've written about. I always like to kind of get you to expand on things you've already kind of put out into the public sphere. You've probably gotten a bunch of feedback on things that people agree with, things that people don't agree with. And so maybe we can kind of dig a little bit deeper. The first is this idea of democratizing access being a kind of valuable thing. And you broke it down into this framework of essentially cheaper, free or more connected.  of people love, a bunch of people use, but it's not yet accessible to the broader population. And so a company comes in, makes it more accessible, and that expands the size of the market opportunity. That's the thesis in a nutshell. And so I started to think about, okay, what are some of the most powerful companies that I've seen that have democratized access? Their companies, let's take FinTech as one area, right? Robinhood is a company that's democratized access to stock trading, and they did that by  it's more convenient. And then there are a bunch of companies, for instance, I recently invested in a company called Alto IRA, which enables people to invest in alternative assets out of their retirement funds. And I think you might be involved in companies as well in this space. But that company has made it cheaper to invest in alternative assets out of your retirement funds like your IRA.  by having multiple components. So like Alta is a good example. Not only is it cheaper, but also it's more convenient, right? So they kind of check two of the three boxes. How do you think about that? Yeah, I think that's right. I think, you know, I didn't make this point explicit in my post, but I did get a feedback around it and I've reflected on it. And I think the key is to probably spike on one of those three dimensions. So even, you know, you're spiking the consumers because you're offering this thing that used to be really expensive and now it's cheaper.  you're getting your thoughts out there and then having a bunch of really smart people respond to them. And so I think you're right, but it's likely multiple that lead to the sort of deadly combination. Yeah. Another topic you've written about is kind of the consumerization of healthcare. When people think of healthcare, they don't necessarily think of user-friendly interfaces or user experiences that leave you delighted. I think what you wrote about was really one, compelling, but also two, kind of gives people a peek into  for the majority of people, it's probably healthcare and there's so much to do here. What I've been encouraged by is there are now finally a number of success stories of companies that are consumerizing healthcare that have figured out a way to get to the end user, the patient and deliver something that's just a way better experience for them. And in many cases, they've actually gone direct to the consumer in how they've gone  through a combination of telemedicine and pharmacy. And if you think about that, they basically eliminated multiple steps that are painful in the existing healthcare experience for many people. They've eliminated the step of having to go to the doctor to tell a doctor about something that's going on with them, and then go to the pharmacy to get the prescription, and then maybe sometimes go back to pick it up. All of that is replaced through one  I wrote the post because I'd love to make more investments around this because I think number one, there's a ton of potential return there to be made for an early stage investor like me. But number two, I think it's really important for our society that we build more of these products. Yeah. And what's really interesting about Ro and HIMSS and I think a couple of the others, a lot of them got started right around the corner of the corner. And I think that's a really good question.  okay, there's this telemedicine plus pharmaceutical mechanism, multiple companies are going after it. Does that scare you away? Does that actually make you more excited? Cause it validates an opportunity. Just what's that framework you use? So number one, I think to answer your question directly, it's probably a combination. Those factors usually that leads to a whole bunch of companies working on something similar at the same time. And this has happened over and over again. You know, so, so I would say it's a combination in, in,  direct to consumers and platforms like Facebook and Google making it more accessible for these companies to get directly to consumers. I think also enabled these businesses to sort of all start to work at the same time. And then my guess is, they all sort of saw the others doing well and that propelled sort of more entrepreneurial activity, them all becoming a little bit more aggressive.  what I've learned over the years is even though some categories may seem that they are winner take all, most categories are actually not. Most categories, especially ones that are expanding rapidly, can have multiple winners. And we have seen that if you think about transportation, Uber and Lyft are both successes, especially for early stage investors in food delivery.  subscriptions as if it's some new thing that, uh, you know, was just discovered, uh, last year or something. Uh, you see this with everything from the sub stacks of the world all the way, you know, to, to Netflix, et cetera. But obviously it's a business model. It's been around for a very, very long time. Why kind of bullish on this and what was really driving the, uh, the intrigue or interest? Yeah. So I would say this is an area that, um, I probably know the most about from all the different things that I've written.  which have a physical component of delivering, in their case, medication to their consumers on a recurring subscription basis. And so what I've actually wanted to write for many years is a series of posts around consumer subscriptions. And so this was one that was kind of pent up for a while. And what has frustrated me about kind of the literature in this area is not that many people have talked about it.  And so that was really the driving force. It isn't a new thesis area for me per se, but I think one that deserves more exploration because of how prevalent it is. And so hopefully people found it interesting for that reason. Yeah. And how do you see consumer subscriptions evolving specifically through the lens of, it almost feels like there's jockeying might not be the right word, but there's this balance like every time SaaS is  that to me feels like a very much SaaS like service that's been around, right? Or servicing SaaS companies. But now that type of stuff is trickling into the consumer subscription space. And so is that something that we should maybe expect to happen more? Is that something that's just like, there might be some one-off examples, but not necessarily a trend or maybe you haven't even thought about it that way and think about it some other way. I think it's a really, it's really interesting point. I mean, broadly speaking,  end users and consumers at those businesses. And so I just think there's a lot of learnings from traditional enterprise businesses that one can apply to consumers and traditional consumer businesses that one can apply to enterprises. And I hope to flesh out more of this through Next Big Thing. I wrote that the second issue of the newsletter is all about the blend  Number one, there's some sort of alternative funding mechanism for consumer subscription businesses because like SaaS businesses, they are more predictable than a non-subscription-based consumer business. And I think there should be. And then the other thing I started to think about is for the consumers of subscription businesses, will there be financing products for people like you and I that  a bunch more proliferation of consumer subscription services. Yeah, the other piece that I've thought about and by no means have answers to, but I think are interesting questions is if you think of traditional kind of content business, let's use them as an example, right? So podcast, there's a bunch of people now talking about like, oh, there should be subscription podcast, right? There's subscription emails, there's subscription television and streaming and like all these other pieces of content. And theoretically that makes sense.  Is it, this is the right idea, just hasn't been properly applied yet, or is it, no, the idea is wrong and therefore everyone who tries this is gonna eventually, you know, kind of come to the same conclusion. I think, first of all, I think a lot of things can be subscriptionized, including podcasts. I think one of the hardest things in podcasts in particular is that we've just been accustomed to getting them to three. And so the ad supported model, especially in the US has been,  they were going, I was actually surprised that as a premium Spotify subscriber, I was listening to Spotify, the podcast on Spotify that still had ads. It was kind of a weird experience.