 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Bo here. Super excited to do this. Thank you so much for joining us, sir. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. Let's jump right into your background. What did you do before privacy.com? Yeah. So I started my career as an engineer at a company called IAC, which is basically a tech, private equity, holding company. They own match.com. Are you still on match.com?  interesting thing called Bitcoin at the time and kind of got interested in the digital currency and came up with our first idea, which is basically a Bitcoin backed debit card. So there are a ton of those now, Coinbase just launched one. But at the time it's a pretty novel idea. And, you know, thinking was like people have Bitcoin and it's actually kind of hard to spend your Bitcoin. So why not, you know, bring sort of the convenience of the card network rails to, you know, Bitcoin.  and sort of refocused a little bit. And we're still really interested in improving the financial infrastructure. And this is where the idea for privacy.com came out of where we said, hey, what are the valuable parts of Bitcoin to a consumer as a spending instrument? So there are two things, the security. It's a push mechanism versus a pull mechanism. And then the second thing is sort of the privacy and the student enemy.  our product on top of wasn't really that stable. So we ended up actually having to build our own issuer processor. So quick sort of overview on payments. So you swipe a card, that card goes from the merchant acquirer to the, so these are mouse card and then they pass it on to what's called an issuer processor that then decrypts and sort of accepts or declines a transaction. So we actually had to build that entire piece of infrastructure out and over time realize that  Yeah, so two things that really kind of stuck out first of all, like, you know People always say like there's no such thing as an overnight success and I saw that very much firsthand with tinder If you sort of looked at the press it seemed like hey like, you know team had like an idea They built it in a week and boom It was just like wildfire like fastest growing up ever, you know on college campuses or whatever, right? Behind the scenes it was like a lot more sort of concerted deliberate  And so if your product doesn't have product market fit really early on, it's very hard to capitalize the company. You eventually have to recap the company to keep going. And I think there are a handful of companies and really good ideas out of the incubator that maybe could have survived if the cap table was a little more equitable towards the team. Yeah, that's awesome. And when you got into Bitcoin, when was the first time you heard about Bitcoin?  like that, which is like really cool. And it's like that, that's like super interesting from a technology perspective. What got me interested in kind of drew me to Bitcoin originally was actually, I like many, I like many people had like pretty poor experiences with like PayPal as a company. I think if you, if you were doing stuff on the internet and like the mid 2000s, like I was in high school, just had a pretty bad experience there and saw it as kind of an opportunity to kind of do things  on domain because it just lends you a bunch of credibility, especially if you're doing something that requires high trust or in financial services space. How we ended up coming up with it was we actually contacted the owner of the domain and he wasn't doing anything with that at the time and we said, hey, why don't we're working on this cool new product and basically pitched the owner on what we were doing, he was excited about it and basically invested the domain in the company.  domain and that was like a phenomenal investment. So, this is a great case to kind of point to. Absolutely. Well, now you just got to go build the next Uber and make them very, very happy, right? Yeah. Awesome. Let's talk about the secure virtual card. So, walk us through the process. I'm going to buy something on the internet. How do I interact with the product? Yeah. So, you sign up, you connect a funding source. Generally, signup takes like, you know, three minutes. You put in some personal information so that we can  or maybe not sure about the security and so on. Got it. And so when I'm going to do this, what's the risk to me? Obviously, there's a ton of benefits in terms of it provides much more security and privacy, but what are the risks associated? The risks associated with signing up. I mean, look, I think fundamentally, there's a social contract being entered with us where if we get breached,  And it seems like the initial use case here or the experience is very much, I go, I set up the card with the parameters. So I want a one-time use card. I want it to be able to spend up to $1,000. I then go to Nike.com and I say, hey, I'm going to buy $700 worth of this. And I basically protected my privacy and security by preemptively going and getting this one-time use card through your platform. It would make sense, I think, and it sounds like you're already trying to work on this, where I just go to Nike.com,  Yeah, so I'm not sure we'll actually ever get there. I think what you're seeing is kind of interesting is there are more and more different options at checkout now that do involve like single-use cards. So for example, if you go to Peloton and you decide to do a buy now, pay later loan, or Peloton is maybe not a good example, but you can go to other websites and get plenty of self-financing and sometimes that's dispersed via a card.  does help from a convenience perspective. You click the button and you just go. And so that's the main benefit for a merchant, large merchant. For smaller merchants, we actually find the peace of mind really helps a lot more. So if you go to Amazon or Walmart or whatever, maybe you're not that worried about what's happening with your card info. If you go to a much smaller merchant, that does become something that comes up in people's mind,  Talk to me about this API or set of APIs that you guys are building. It seems like that's kind of stage two for you guys in this business is using those APIs to really try to scale and become much more of a like integral part of the infrastructure of companies. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So, you know, I think there's a kind of similar analog of Amazon and AWS where we built all of this infrastructure because if you look at like, you know, just in terms of like payment volume, we're on track in the US to do 10%  all the pieces around issuing credit or debit cards or largely debit cards, but we can also support credit cards. And finding like tons of other companies want to do this as well. It's normally a really painful process. So let's say you wanted to issue a card. Today, it's actually usually a 12 to 18 month process and costs on the order of 500K to $1 million in terms of expenses.  It's helpful in some ways to frame this in the context of the acquiring world because card acquiring is a much better understood space. If you look at companies like Stripe, Adyen, Braintree, and so on, they've done a really good job on the acquiring side to make it really dead simple for any developer to accept cards online. The issuer processing space, which is the other side of a financial transaction in the card world, lags this  with badges say like, oh, you're hiding something, right? Usually that ends up not being true, but that's definitely the reaction. And so one, have you guys seen people saying like, why do you need to use the virtual cards? Have you seen kind of nefarious activity or just how do you think about preventing that and anything in that space? Yeah. So I mean, as a, as a financial services company, we obviously take compliance regulation and all that very seriously. And in order to operate in the U S we  is changing as everything is going digital. So if you think about it, like we're in a world today where not to sort of get super tin full of Haddie, but everything, you know, the cost of storage and the cost of computing are both effectively going towards zero. And what that means is like, you know, basically, you know, everything that you do online can be tracked and can be searched pretty quickly. And so I think that is kind of a paradigm shift that  Right like that. Like there's not gonna be some hey, let's go negotiate in the halls of Congress or something like it definitely feels like The non-technology Momentum is against those who believe in privacy individual freedom, etc and the last remaining kind of You know parachute lifeboat, whatever is to build the technology just to make this standard across these various technology companies, right? Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, that's why I'm super bullish on the space  fair one-to-one comparison if you're comparing like, you know, Uber and Tinder and Gmail to like, you know, super underfunded, like academic products that, you know, of course, like, you know, your average consumer doesn't want to use, right? Absolutely. Talk a little bit about your partnership with OnePassword and kind of what that is going to look like. Yeah. So, you know, shortly after we announced our API, we started talking with OnePassword, you know,  And so that, that sort of integration actually came together really quickly because we already had an API and they were sort of able to very quickly ingest and, you know, integrate that, that API. So, um, absolutely. And in terms of continuing that, is that something where you'll look for other partners to have similar types of partnerships and, and he can kind of grow, uh, you know, somewhat organically by, by just kind of getting this, uh, through other distribution, uh,  Uh, approach is something that, you know, we're, we're very, uh, very much pursuing. Absolutely. What's the biggest challenge for you guys right now? The challenge. Um, from a company perspective, I think honestly the hardest thing has been adjusting to like a fully remote, um, setup. Uh, you know, I think, uh, this gets glossed over sometimes, but, um, people, people, people, um, often get a lot of social interaction from, from their work.  pitch B to users, right? So there's a bunch of people who are listening to this, you've got the floor. What is your pitch on why they should use privacy.com for virtual cards? Yeah, so the reason why you should use this for virtual cards is we make your life safer and more convenient. So we save you time and money. That's what it comes down to. You know, everyone's had the experience of like, hey, I signed up for Boeing and wifi six months ago, and I'm just finding out that they've been charging me 14 bucks a month or whatever it is for the past couple of months.  It's a good question. I am a listener of the podcast, so I'm gonna buck the trend a little bit. I think a lot of folks say like an early book that they read and there's a book that I read recently called Out of the Gobi. It's by this Chinese private equity fund manager and I think runs he managed it's now like a  where youth is kind of prioritized and everyone's like, oh, if you haven't made it by 25 or 30, you're kind of a failure, right? I think it's really inspiring to sort of hear about this person that basically lost six years of their youth and has still been really successful. The second one I'll personally note that really resonated with me is my parents came here as graduate students  one, learn about something, two, there's the inspiration, and then three, also, there's a personal connection to the book for you. After asking so many people this question, it's very much, what did the book mean to them more so than this specific book is the most important book in the world? It's always interesting. Usually, it is time-related. Like you said, earlier in your life, there's some formative period. They read some book, but this one sounds pretty cool, so I have to check it out for sure.  before but uh just came to me. Do you think it's more likely that quote unquote some carbon life form intelligent life whatever you want to call it is on like the moon slash mars or do you think it's something where it's so far away that like you know it'll be your grandkids grandkids grandkids grandkids who even have a chance to potentially uh figure it out? Um that is interesting um  somewhere else in the ecosystem, in the solar system. But I also think that it's very likely, given how big the universe is, that there's life elsewhere, too. So, almost certainly there's life elsewhere, but I wouldn't be surprised if there was life elsewhere in the solar system. Yeah, it's just fascinating to me to think about if it was both, right? And again, there's no data that suggests this now, but what if every planet had some form  Specific habits like is there been anything there that's like really been like hey like I really like this about like New York City Yeah, I was gonna say from like a habit standpoint There's a couple of things so like one I now every single day go on a walk During like the hardcore like lockdown component of kovat. It was more of like a I gotta get out of my apartment You know, I can't sit here all day type thing now. It's more of like I enjoy it plenet and I go and and and kind of walk around  There's little things in New York that you or I probably took for granted before. And so it's less about like some new habit as much as it's like, man, I really enjoyed doing X. Right. And so, you know, like a kind of a easy one is, um, I don't know if you've ever been to the JP Morgan library, uh, in New York, right. It's like one of my favorite places in New York. And, uh, the other day I was talking to a plan and I was just like, man, I kind of want to go.  I actually, I got this Aura kind of a plug during COVID and it's been like actually really helpful. Like my favorite fitness tracker, I guess, the idea is in terms of like just, you know, being able to kind of keep, keep using it. So those are two that definitely resonate. I think another thing that I've really  the business is obviously like it. So I feel like those are probably gonna stay. We'll see though. Yeah. Absolutely. They just got to figure out how to keep them warm during the winter, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we'll see. All right, Beau, listen, where can people find you on the internet or find more about privacy.com? Yeah, for sure. So privacy.com, go to the website privacy.com. I'm keeping pretty low profile online.  you