 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Ronan here. I am super excited to do this. We are going to do a complete deep dive on psychedelics and the psychedelic industry. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. My pleasure. Happy to chat. For sure. Let's jump right into your background. You've had a very kind of storied entrepreneurial career. Maybe just walk us through kind of what you've done up until this point. Yeah, absolutely. So I started my career.  2011 when I opened my first business, which is in the gold industry. It still operates to this day, actually, but it was never my lifelong ambition to be in the gold industry. So I went back, started working with startups, really as a lawyer, but with a view to kind of getting involved on a deeper level. And through those activities, I found my business partners, Joseph and Hman and Ryan in this current business and Field Trip Health, actually. They were looking at doing something in the Canadian medical cannabis  And we started two sister companies, one called CanvasRx, one called Canadian Cannabis Clinics. The latter group, the largest network of cannabis specialized medical clinics in Canada. 30 locations have helped well over a hundred thousand Canadians access the legal medical cannabis system. And CanvasRx, we sold to a company, a fledgling cannabis company called Aurora Cannabis Inc. recently got licensed to produce cannabis, but had big ambitions and a really amazing  come from a background in cannabis or in psychedelics, being like, you know, being super cannabis advocates or being psychonauts or anything along those lines. And I think that's really what has enabled us to excel in both industries as we kind of came in objective, thoughtful, professional, and really brought that level of focus and discipline to both industries. And that's kind of helped us to do what we do. So in 2018, I started looking to all the research we saw that Peter Thiel had just made an investment in a company  coming and it's coming fast. What can we do? We had had this amazing experience with cannabis kind of going in a little bit agnostic to the therapeutic potential of cannabis, but seeing a great business opportunity and then being truly blown away and moved by the impact it had, you know, almost uniformly all of the physicians who now work at Canadian cannabis clinics refer to cannabis as the most effective medicine they've ever prescribed to their patients in terms of quality of life. And so, you know, we had a, we had a great exit when we sold that business. And so we kind of  scheduled by and large, crafted our business plan and launched field trip about a year and a half ago. And that's kind of the path here. It's awesome. Let's start at a very high level. What is a psychedelic, right? Everyone hears that. They kind of, it used to be very, very fringe. Now it's less fringe in terms of when people are talking about it, but just from your understanding after having done all that research, what is a psychedelic? Yeah, you know, and there's still ongoing debate as to what is a psychedelic. It's not a defined answer.  in, um, or it could be meditation or breath work. If you haven't tried breath work, it is a super cool experience. How you could induce an almost trip like state, just, just through different breathing techniques. So to us, any of those are psychedelics and, and because they enable the capacity for change. Uh, but for other people, if you want to get more focused on the chemistry, uh, typically psychedelics refer to molecules, uh, that engage the five HD to a serotonin receptor in the brain.  tuning down the ego and enabling change. So that gets put in the category as well, but it is a pretty fluid definition. Absolutely. And so one of the things that's really interesting to me is there's kind of two use cases. I think that now are presenting themselves. There's like this medicinal type use case, and then there's more of a recreational or wellness type use case. It mirrors, I know you've talked about it before, a lot of what happened so far in the cannabis industry, maybe talk about that framework and how you think about each one of those  an allopathic medicine approach, which is you focus on what's wrong and try and sort of come back to baseline, right? So people who are sick, you give them medicine and they come back to baseline to be quote unquote normal. But you know, the five guys behind field trip, all of us kind of have a little bit of a, we're not super biohackers, but we're always focused on optimization and increasing our creativity and empathy and awareness. And I know I've spent 15 years working with meditation and metaphysics and self exploration  get a diagnosis, you know, whether it's back pain or migraines, or you had HIV AIDS, which is where a lot of the movement started and you wanted something to help manage the symptoms around that, but you needed a doctor, you needed a diagnosis and you needed a prescription and then you can access medical cannabis. And then eventually that involved to adult use cannabis where people can just buy cannabis, like they, they can buy alcohol and that's fine. And I think, you know, philosophically the war on drugs never made a whole lot of sense. Uh, so it, it kind of is, is totally,  because psychedelics can help just about everybody. There's certain contraindications where people shouldn't be taking psychedelics, but for most people, psychedelic experiences can be very illuminating. They can help you process traumas. They can help you be more well, self-sustaining, creative, empathetic, all of these wonderful things. And so what we saw emerging and what has now happened with the passage of Measure 109 in Oregon is that two systems are now clearly in place. One is going to be  to be sick. You don't have to have a diagnosis of a mental health condition, um, to access it. But what will differentiate it a bit from cannabis is that it will be more controlled. It's not going to be that you go to a dispensary and buy mushrooms or, or whatever and take them home. You'll have to go to a licensed facilitator or clinician. You won't have to be sick. You won't have to be depressed, but you'll have to go to a controlled environment. Uh, and it'll be accessible to anybody who wants to use it. And the great thing about that program is there's greater access. People who can benefit from psychedelics without being sick will  don't need it, but want it, we'll be able to access it as well. Talk to me a little bit about the science and kind of how far along the industry is. So in preparation for this, I read a whole bunch of different things. And it seems like there are now many, many studies that are starting to show the efficacy, whether it is for PTSD, whether it is for other mental trauma. It just seems like now we're getting close, if not already to this point where like the evidence  legal and prescribable drug in most countries around the world as an anesthetic was shown to have very positive effects on the treatment of depression. So much so that Dr. Tom Insel, he used to be the director of the National Institute of Mental Health, said it was the most important breakthrough in the treatment of depression in 50 years or something along those lines. And that sort of kicked off this interest in psychoactive drugs for the treatment of mental health. And then probably 10, 15,  modern Western context and research. This was Harvard University in the late 50s and early 60s advancing the research on LSD for mental health conditions, which showed profoundly positive results. But the LSD kind of left the lab and went into the mainstream, the counterculture, and he had the whole political backlash. So the researchers who picked it up in the last 15 years or so were really working off a base of evidence. And that evidence shows incredible efficacy. When you look at psilocybin for the treatment of depression  years. You know, when you compare that to antidepressants, which you have to take every day, this is like, it's almost crazy, uh, that we would be considering using antidepressants going forward. Or you look at the studies with MDMA, uh, and an organization, a nonprofit called maps, which is the multidisciplinary association for psychedelic studies, which has been doing this for 30 years. Um, you know, God, God bless Rick for his discipline and, and, and drive to see this through after all that time, you know, in their phase two clinical  point. So any mental health conditions. And the amazing thing is that these molecules are incredibly safe by and large, you know, they're, they're non-addictive may even be anti-addictive. When you talk about psilocybin or LSD, uh, the results speak for themselves. And they also have these pro social side effects, right? You know, people not only report that they have significantly improved depression or anxiety, they also report that, you know, they have increased creativity, increased empathy, more openness to other people's viewpoints, which is something that seems sorely  but they meet an urgent need. It really is quite the platform that we're working from with a lot of research and support behind it. Yeah. One of the things that's really interesting to me is you shared the kind of this chart around the harmfulness of various drugs and things like MDMA, LSD, other types of psychedelics, or some of the least harmful drugs you can put in your body, right? If you compare that to alcohol or whatever it is. And so it almost begs the question of  could be negative, but the positives outweigh those negatives. Yeah. I mean, with any drugs, there's always going to be with anything, you know, too much of a good thing can be a bad thing. And that's certainly true with all drugs and as well as psychedelics. But I think you hit on the key point, which is the benefits, particularly with psychedelics far outweigh the downsides, you know, the, the biggest risks around psychedelics by and large, you know, most are anti-addictive or non-addictive. So you're not going to get hooked on them like you could with  disorder and she was fine afterwards. So, you know, it's, it's, you're not going to die on these, um, by and large. Uh, so, you know, they're relatively safe in that regard. The biggest risk is there's two risks around psychedelics. The biggest risk is people having bad trips. You know, we probably heard all of the urban legends of someone having a trip and launching themselves off a building. And the truth is that has happened, but not with the frequency, uh, by which, you know, we may have learned in high school. Um,  context, it's much lower. And that's about it. There's also reports of a condition where people have taken a psychedelic and like the experience takes a long time to go away. I forget exactly what the acronym is, but it's essentially a persistent trip that lasts for a long time. And that does happen in rare instances as well, but it does seem to subside after some period of time. But that can also be probably very unpleasant for those people who experience it. Outside of that, though, the risks are fairly minimal.  completely different. Like how would you describe the actual experience? Um, it really depends. I mean, I haven't tried all psychedelics, so I can't speak from personal experience on all of them, but, um, you know, it's, uh, if, if I was going to speak to Silva Siben, which is where my personal experience is, and I talk about it quite extensively, actually on our podcast, which is called field tripping. Um, the, the experience is kind of like, it's a little bit like cannabis, you know, you kind of feel.  more robust sense of the world, right? They can feel music more, they can taste music more, or art is more colorful. And there's actually a neurological reason for it is that the parts of your brain are talking to each other more. So your experience is actually more integrated. Um, and so on psilocybin, you know, you kind of feel like a little bit of spaciness, but you're still coherent. You're still very conscious. You're not, uh, reckless, like you're drunk, you know, your judgment is still fairly well intact. But if you close your eyes,  some respects, but they land more. They're, they're, you're easy. It's easier to hold onto them more. They don't just dissipate. They're much more meaningful to you. Um, that's probably how I described the experience. Uh, I've never taken ketamine personally, but a lot of people talk about ketamine, um, uh, and have an experience whereby, you know, they just feel like, you know, they're a little bit in outer space or underwater and can see the world in just a much different way. You know, it's still very much themselves. It's just kind of like, uh, being in  or get a deeper sense that'd be a good place to look. Yeah. And I apologize in advance. I'm probably going to ask a bunch of really naive elementary questions. So stick with me. The experience you just described is very positive, right? Almost like this thing where you're ingesting something that unblocks a lot of the blockage in your brain. And so you can see that either from a kind of internal review, right? And it would make sense as to  Does the psychedelic community consider things like Eowaska to be part of it? Is it kind of there's a gray area and it just depends where you draw the line. Like how do you think about something that I think people look at as much more like cleansing the body versus almost like this like mental trip that you just described? Yeah, no. Iowaska is certainly part of the psychedelic experience. You know, a lot of people have Iowaska experience.  demons, you're getting rid of the trauma, but it's not unique to ayahuasca. It's much more physical and visceral. But you know, one time when I, uh, I had an experience with psilocybin, I felt my body moving. I felt like my, I was, um, retching like I was throwing up, but I wasn't throwing up and it feel like I was throwing up, but my body was doing that activity and it very much felt the same way. So it depends on the depth of the experience, but, um, that's not unique, uh, to ayahuasca.  that takes energy, that takes effort and we tend to bury them into our subconscious. And so one of the thoughts is with psychedelics is that it unpacks that. And I've certainly had that feeling as well that like when I was on psilocybin, you know, I felt like a part of my brain that was closed off and not accessible, you know, very feminine kind of energy came out and started helping me like work through all of these things that I've held onto for my entire life. And so I didn't throw up, but my body actually made  Secondly, it helps you see old experiences and old traumas more objectively. So you can start to process the emotions and move them through your body as well. So you start to process the trauma. It's very similar to talk therapy, but on a hyper expedited basis, right? Like it just gets right down to the business. Instead of taking years, you know, your brain is just like forcing you to confront those issues and start processing them. And the third way that psychedelic therapy seemed to have such incredible impact on you is  brain. And so you have this lasting kind of actual change. It's kind of like, you know, when you take Plato and warm it up with your hands and it becomes much more malleable. That's literally what's happening with your brain. So you can reshape a lot of things in a positive way. And so that's kind of what's believed to be happening when you have a psychedelic experience and why these effects are so profound and so lasting. Yeah. You mentioned kind of at the point of death, there's this belief that a ton of DMT gets released. One of the questions that  I can't speak for everybody. It's not something that I've heard a lot of personally. There's a lot of interest in using psychedelics as part of palliative care, because some of the more interesting studies, like the one I mentioned from NYU, it was actually giving psilocybin assisted therapy to people with terminal cancer who were facing end of life distress. And those people reported a significant improvement in their anxiety around dying, because one of the other experiences that people often have is like a sense of connectedness  really just a shell. Your body is just a shell, but your life continues well afterwards. And the people report that experience to this day. Um, so that's where a lot of the interest is, um, specifically to DMT or other psychedelics right at the kind of moment of death. I haven't heard of that, uh, but Erwin Perlman, who's the gentleman I've been working with for the last 15 years and kind of my meditation and metaphysical practice, um, as metaphysics practice kind of talks about most people when they die actually look very relieved and pleased, right? Like it  it's less acute for somebody. There's a lot of benefit to that. One of the other questions that I got, but this is probably the most popular one, was all around microdosing. So maybe just start with like, what is microdosing? And then I think from the questions, I was surprised at how many people at least claim that they microdose on a daily basis. And so what exactly is that and kind of why would people be doing it on a more frequent basis? Yeah, so when we talk about the research around psychedelic  and creativity. And the challenge with micro dosing is that there's a lot of anecdotal evidence of its effectiveness, but there's really no substantive research that's been done on it. So it's really hard to say whether it's effective or not, at least on a scientific basis. From what I've heard, there are some studies that have been going on recently that haven't been published, but they suggest that micro dosing is no more effective than placebo.  Um, drugs like psilocybin, they're, they're promiscuous. You know, they primarily engage the five HD two A serotonin receptor, which means that's the psychedelic receptor that causes a psychedelic experience, or at least it's believed so, but they can also engage or agonize the five HD two B a receptor in the brain, which has been associated if it is agonized too much or too frequently with, um, potential cardiac issues, heart valve, um, fibrosis and issues like that. And so that's one of the  just given the frequency of use and that potential risk. But I don't know how significant that risk is. It's just something to keep in mind. Yeah. What's interesting about this is microdosing seems similar to somebody who takes Adderall every day. The difference being that the Adderall almost speeds up the thought process, speeds up the focus and makes somebody more of a kind of, I'll call it like a rigid machine, right? Like just, you can just knock out work for hours and hours and hours versus this, which is a much more frequent  that may not actually even be necessary, right? You could almost just do it periodically and have some lasting effects there as well. It sounds like. Yeah, absolutely. You know, um, you know, your brain, the experience of psychedelics when done properly with therapy is, is that you actually have change. You have neurological change, you have emotional change and it's lasting and it's substantiated. Um, uh, but you know, comparing microdosing to taking Adderall daily, you know, I don't know enough about Adderall to really speak about the experience.  And the second thing is creativity, you know, math and science and engineering, all of that's going to be done by computers. You know, anything that's logical can be done by computers way better than it can be done by us. Creativity, where you have to like jump the gap where there's no logical answer and you have to fill in the gap through creativity, that's going to be the most important skill set in the world. And so to the extent that psychedelics, either microdosing them, you know, transformational doses of it, they're going to facilitate that, you know, I see them having a significant impact being able to  experiences driven by the environment in which you are in and what can kind of be done there. Just walk us through like what is the strategy and kind of why is that so important? Yeah. So when we started with field trip and we started doing the research and we spoke to everybody, the consistent theme we heard is there's going to be no money in the drugs. There's only going to be my money and a business to be made in the delivery of psychedelic therapies. And that kind of resonated with us because we had just spent a couple of years building a whole  Um, but then we realized that because so much, and there's an incredible amount of evidence around this, so much of the therapeutic experience comes down to the set and setting, which refers to the mindset of the person. So what preparation they bring into the psychedelic experience and what their intentions, you know, what do I want to get out of this? And people may come in and just be like, you know, I spoke with Alex icon and get one of the guys who founded the five minute journal. And he said, I went in and just said, universe, show me what I need to see. Other people will go in.  infrastructure. You needed new space, you needed new operations, you needed new protocols to actually make this scalable. We also focused very heavily on the setting as well. So if you go into any of our clinics, we're currently operating in New York, Toronto, Chicago, and LA with plans from many more. You'll notice that these do not feel like doctor's offices. They feel much more, and I don't like the term. I don't know why, but it feels very spa-like. I think I don't like the term because it kind of diminishes the impact and the importance of what we're doing, but it feels that way. It feels very warm. It feels very  doing that in parallel with developing the know-how and understanding of what aspects of set and setting matter. We know it's important to feel like you're in a safe, warm, comfortable environment, but we don't know specifically what music matters or what lighting matters or the chair or how you're sitting or what's on the walls. All of these things can have an impact, but no one's really got objective data on exactly what differences they make. So with field trip health centers that are rolling out, we're focused obviously on delivering care using ketamine  and people are having terrible experiences. You got a great drug, but you're not creating the outcomes that you may have hoped for. And so we did want to leave.