 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Ryan here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. I'm stoked to be here. Absolutely. Let's jump right into your background. You've built and sold two companies and now working on your third. Kind of walk us through your journey to becoming a three-time startup founder and CEO. Yeah. Very first company got started young. It was an online ad network called Banquet. And basically, we sold ads on  I love the ad business in some respects. I just couldn't see myself selling squares and rectangles on web pages for the rest of my life. I left in 2012 with my co-founder from that company, a guy named Rod Davis. Moved to San Francisco, started a company called Swarm. It was a retail analytics platform for small business retailers. So we could tell you foot traffic, conversion, and sales. And in a web dashboard, that was a slightly better business. Still really challenging. We attempted to build our own hardware, which I would not recommend to any founder.  We do manage IT support for small and mid-sized companies, but we sell it as a subscription SaaS solution with some services. So, you know, instead of having some, you know, the old way of doing it, right? Some random local dude, IT consultant who takes a day to return your call, right? If you work with electric, we integrate with Slack and Microsoft Teams. You have a web-based dashboard. You have an awesome account manager. So we've really kind of modernized IT management. So that business is doing very well.  business we work with is about 100 employees. And they're using anywhere from 50 to 75 different applications, right? And 10 years ago, you might've used five, right? So just SaaS management, doing that in a really cohesive, efficient, secure way, that's the big responsibility. Then it's device management. So if you have 100 employees, or even if you have 20 employees or 200 employees, you got to make sure that those computers that you know where they are, that they're secure, that they're running correctly. So we handle that. And then the third piece is network and server management.  founder doesn't tell the whole story. And you basically through Twitter and kind of a bunch of different mediums explain like here's what it takes to do this. And maybe sometimes you do it well and sometimes you don't do it well, but like this is what it kind of entails. Where does that interest come from? Or like, why are you drawn to sharing that type of information? I think because I was so bad at my job for so long. I mean, it's a good reason.  to contend with today. And so, you know, it wasn't until the tail end of my time running swarm back in like 2014, where I finally had been doing this for so long and just screwing up enough things that it just sort of clicked that like this, you know, the sooner I can acknowledge that I suck at a lot of things and the sooner I can get really focused on seeking out answers from people who have done the things that I've done before, like the better I'm gonna get at the job and the better I get at the job,  companies started doing better. And so to me, it's just something I'm really passionate about and like, talk about. Absolutely. So you've got this one tweet where you said, look, here's the three jobs of the CEO, right? You said recruiting storytelling and awareness. Maybe walk us through why are those the three things that you feel like are the most important to focus on? Yeah. I mean, it's, it's, it's cliche at this point to, to, to point to the fact that like, oh, the team is everything, but it, but it is right at the end of the day, like a software business is a completely fictional concept.  members, Tim Harvey, he said this to me, it's like, dude, it took me till my third time being CEO to realize it's not about the best talent, it's about the best team. And those two things are not always the same thing. And so when I think back to my first two companies, almost every problem that we had, almost every business problem that we had was actually a people problem. And I see this all the time when I get a founder who calls me and is like, hey, I have a sales problem. And it's like, no, you have a people problem.  the journey, you're only as good as what you can get people to believe in. Right. Metrics are great. But at the end of the day, if you're trying to secure financing, if you're trying to hire those great people to come work for you, if you're trying to get the story in front of the big customer, if you're trying to explain, you know, internally what's going on to sort of keep morale high, you have to become an expert at distilling things that are extremely complicated. And frankly, most of the time, not that interesting. It makes them very  right? So, and there's a skill to that, but you just have to do it a lot, right? And the third piece, which I think makes the first two work really well together is awareness. You just have to have, you have to get to a place where you can be a spectator to your own thoughts, right? So like, every day you're going to have stuff that blows up. Every day you're going to have people mad at you. Every day you're going to have things that you're uncertain about. But to be able to step outside of yourself constantly and say,  of being successful. It's because they avoided the things that killed them more so than it was because they were really brilliant and executed on a bunch of amazing things. Absolutely. And one of the things that you talked about a little bit there and recruiting, but you've elaborated on is this idea that like, just as you can't out train a bad diet, you can't outwork bad people on the team. Talk a little bit about how I'm assuming you learned that lesson by  almost always what that means is that is that you've got the wrong person on the team or maybe it's the wrong it's the wrong people and I think that the problem that a lot of people have I certainly had it was that most people don't really know what excellent looks like don't know what world-class really looks like and so it's easy to to be in a situation where maybe you're managing somebody or your colleagues with someone and they went to the right school they have all the right experience from you know  is that they have the wrong people on the team and they either take too long to realize that that's the root cause or they know that that's the root cause and they don't act fast enough. Yeah. One of the things that I think a lot of this gets back to is like communication, right? So it's the CEO communicating to the people, people being able to communicate back to the CEO and kind of horizontal and vertical communication. I remember at Facebook in 2014 when I was working there, basically product management,  And I'll never forget that during that exercise, I probably did, I don't know, somewhere between 80 to a hundred interviews. Um, and, uh, doing this one person said, the first thing I would do is I would immediately alert every stakeholder that we had a problem. One person. And I remember being like, this person is the person that we need to hire because they've done this before. And I'm like, I'm not going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I  that either makes or breaks most relationships, business or personal, right? And most people know that, right? And that's something that we've, at least at electric, the way that we run the company now is like, we've acknowledged the fact that it takes maintenance, it takes effort, it takes, I was talking to my VP of product this morning and we were talking about the fact that, yeah, as an executive team, we all came together very organically, everybody kind of hit it off  have that chemistry with your coworkers or with your boss or whatever, those are the relationships that you want to double down on. And you have to be really, really intentional about cultivating trust and figuring out everyone's kind of unique communication styles and investing in the quality of those relationships because you're only going to get so far sort of just getting there by accident or sort of getting there organically. And I mean, that's just where I've seen just at other companies, you know, otherwise very high performing, high potential.  a little bit about the relationship between being a founding CEO, the board, how you communicate and manage those outsider slash investors. Yeah. I mean, look, the board is either going to be your biggest asset or at some point could wind up becoming very problematic. Most VCs have been doing this almost 15 years now. Most VCs really do want the founder to succeed. They want everything to go well, and they really want to have the founders back. Fred Wilson wrote a post recently about  But the third thing was like the more open and transparent and queer and free the communication is, the more trust you build every time an email update goes out, every time a text message comes in. And the more trust that's built there, the more productive those relationships become. So like in the early days of electric, I would get an email from like Bob Goodman at Best of Ready, be like, hey, we should catch up. And I'd be like, oh shit, oh no, Bob wants to talk. It's like, I'm just like one of a dozen portfolio companies and he hasn't heard from me.  He came in and I just kind of used that as an opportunity to sort of turn over a new leaf and say, all right, everything, good, bad, and ugly, I'm going to be clear, I'm going to be concise. Anytime I have news that is material to the business, boom, it's going to go to them. And it completely changed my relationship with the board. I send them updates almost weekly. They're not formal. For example, our professional services group hit a big milestone on Sunday night. I just forwarded the email from the guy who runs that department of the board. And the board's like, hey,  who don't yet understand how to use the board is that founders look at the board as a fundraising mechanism, right? They look at them as a potential problem solver. And then always looming over their shoulder is the board could fire me, right? Or the board could be adversarial in some way. And what he said is the thing that people don't realize is like, if you tell others your problems, the right people will try to help you solve them. And who better to try to help you solve your problems than the people who are financially aligned with seeing you succeed? Like, that's the key.  on Tuesday, like it is what it is. You just have to be able to have the dialogue and like actually Jeff Jeff Richards is a really good example of somebody who, you know, believes in that but actually, you know, really embodies that as a board member. You know, we right after he invested, we hit a little bit of a rough patch with the business and there was some stuff that we needed to fix and I called him and I was just like, dude, I think we got to take some growth projections down a little bit. I think we got to make some staff changes. Like I know this is a little sudden after, you know, we got  office that night going, wow, oh man, like now that's off my chest, we can actually start solving the problem. Yeah. I wish I had that conversation six months ago or three months ago. Yeah. Well, you know what I saw? Cause when I was at USA today and when I was a Groupon, you know, both were public companies in the midst of, of, you know, pretty colorful, uh, turnarounds, right? And so I think part of what gave me the, the, the motivation to be more proactive on having the hard conversations at electric was living through, you know, two turnarounds at public companies and watching what happens.  is firing people. Talk a little bit just about kind of your own experience with having to fire people and kind of how you've gotten more comfortable with it over time. Yeah, I mean, look, it sucks. And everybody at some point in their career goes from having never fired someone to having to let somebody go for the first time. And, you know, I remember back at my first company right after we got acquired by USA Today, we had a guy on the team who I was always complaining about. I just didn't think was the right fit. And so I reported to my co-founder, Rudd, because he'd be  a Hard Knocks episode, then I was like, okay, you just got to be direct, you got to sit down, you just got to do the thing. So whatever. So I got through it, it ended up being fine, but fast forward to today, the biggest thing that we've realized is that you're never going to bat a thousand, you're never going to always make the best hires. The key is being really clear in the expectations in the first months, two months, and figuring out as soon  And so as a result, one, we're really clear about expectations so that it's not a surprise though, no matter how hard you try, it always is for some people. And then the second thing is we try to be pretty generous with severance more so than one might be for somebody who might've only worked at your company for a month just because it's our responsibility. We're half the reason that we ended up in that situation. And so I think if you're clear with people and you're a real, like a decent human being about it,  dealing with your internal just scaling obstacles that every business kind of goes through, but also then having at the same time your customer base go through just changes. Some of your businesses may actually be benefiting from it, some of it may be being hurt by it, but just how have you guys thought through that or how to deal with that? Yeah, well, I'll tell you what's been really interesting is that the more internally focused we get in terms of hiring great people, taking care of them, fostering really productive dialogues around the tough issues,  in their voice and their involvement in these things that are happening in the world. And so I think the challenges that I've seen other companies run into are that these founders and CEOs get so paralyzed over being afraid to say the wrong thing that they either wait too long, they say nothing, or they don't really say anything at all, right? They issue some bland statement that was run through marketing or whatever. And at the end of the day, as I said before, it's like companies are a collection of people, right?  I was like, shit, I don't know why I have to address this. We have a very diverse group of employees here. What do I say? What do I, you know? And finally, I just like, I was standing in my kitchen, I get on my phone, and the first thing I said in the email was, I haven't sent this email yet because I was afraid that I was gonna say the wrong thing or that it was gonna come off disingenuous. Like I literally just, I opened the email with that just to let everyone working here know, like, I don't really know.  And I also think that this idea of setting expectations is really important as well. Like by simply saying like, Hey, I haven't sent this because, uh, I've been scared of saying the wrong thing. Like you're taking ownership of the fact that like, here's why this hasn't gotten out yet. And two, by the way, here's my vulnerability. So if I say the wrong thing, like I was already worried about that. Right. And it almost is in some weird way. Uh, when you tell people, uh, especially in communication, the vulnerability, it seems like they immediately become vulnerable.  I mean, look, everybody, I think about this all the time, like every person on the planet has some battle they're quietly fighting, some more publicly than others, but like everybody's got something inside that's not going well, some vulnerability, whatever. And so, you know, I think as a leader, as long as you can just show people that like you're just like them too, I think it gives you a lot more leeway in terms of, you know, not, it sort of diffuses any tension that might be there. People just look at you like a human. I mean, we did,  One of the things I've been really interested in too is, and maybe we'll close on this, is just as the CEO of a business, there's lots of social issues now. There's obviously the election kind of uncertainty. There's just a lot of non-business activities that are going on. And I always joke and say that if companies were purely capitalistic in nature and they didn't worry about anything else other than optimizing profits, then there would be no politics in the workplace. There would be no social issues that you'd ever have to deal with. It would just be machines.  There's no room for politics in the workplace. How do you, maybe not so much just like which end of the spectrum are you on, but just how do you think through the aspect of like the people who work here have other interests other than just coming to work here every day and operating like a robot and how are we going to kind of deal with that along with trying to build the company? Yeah, well, okay. So I think the first thing and just sort of going back to sort of the early stages of company building is  people, right? It's just companies wait, wait, I mean, we waited too long, but we nailed it. And they're really, you know, nailed the hire and ultimately got around to it. But companies wait way too long. And the reality is like, if you believe that the people side of the business is that important, you just you have to invest in having somebody to sort of run that. So that's, that's a huge thing that most companies overlook that you just you got it, you got to get it dialed in. The second piece is what, what I always try to get people to understand and what we really believe in here is that  to lie what a lot of companies were announcing like, oh, we've donated $100,000 to the ACLU or we did this or we did that. Hey, look, that's fine. Those are all really good causes. But internally, we looked at it and we said, our payroll is going to be $35 million next year. If we can make our recruiting processes even a little bit more diverse, a little bit more inclusive, I have a $35 million money cannon that can actually create real change in real communities, right?  And then in return, you know, we have a diversity of employees who all have different opinions and different things that they care about. But look, at the end of the day, they recognize that we're trying to do good in running this company. And as long as their opinions and their interests don't, don't hurt anyone, then then that's what diversity is all about. We support it. Yeah. Well, what's so interesting about your answer is it really highlights just the complexity of all of this. There is no question that you're not going to be able to do it. You're not going to be able to do it.  interesting. It's going to be a less shallow answer than it probably sounds like. But when I was in high school, I used to walk around with a copy of Barbarians at the Gate. And I probably read it five times. And it was, I think, you know, I, I hadn't, I was just in the early days of starting a business, but it just, it was so colorful and so fascinating reading about these crazy, you know, leverage buyouts and all this stuff, which I had no, you know,  It was hugely influential. It's a great book and the tape sucks is another good one. So there's two good suggestions. Uh, what about the second question, which is more fun aliens? Are you a believer or a non-believer? I big, big time. I mean, come on. You can't, you can't, you just, if you just look at the data, statistically there has to be alien life. It's something we had in one of our weekly exec team meetings, we went off on a tangent for 10 minutes at the beginning of our meeting and we like genuinely debated it. When we,  shape or form or another. What's one trend, whether it's a trend, an asset class, an individual company, though you probably don't want to be given stock tips on here, but what's one thing if you had to place a bet that you think is an overlooked bet for 2021 for people who are investing, what would it be? Yeah. So I don't know if there's necessarily one, there's probably just a theme. And the theme that I always talk about is like the fringe of society. So right now, if you said to me,  And so just take the three things I just named there, like space, now's not weird. Like now everyone's like, yeah, of course, like space is going to become much more popular. 10, 15 years ago, like that was kind of fringe. Like you're telling me you're going to like launch a rocket and then reland it. That was a crazy idea. I think cryptocurrency maybe like five years ago was super fringe. I'm literally having flashbacks to being at Zach Prince's apartment in 2016. And he takes a sip of his, of his drink. And he's like, Denny, have you been buying any Bitcoin? And I'm like, you're nuts.  I'm starting this company, it's ketamine therapy. And I was like, you're nuts. You're going to get VCs to give you money to send people ketamine in the mail. And I'm already regretting not investing. So I think you're totally right with this recommendation. Yeah. And so the reason why I say it's a theme more so than just one asset class, if you will, or one kind of industry is, okay, we just identified three. There's probably 10 more that one friend is already thinking about that just hasn't seeped enough into the mainstream for me to know about.  And so like, sure. Are there people that will spend all of their time trying to figure out, you know, is Starbucks current, uh, revenue multiple too high or too low? And what's the future earnings, uh, based on, you know, their rollout plan and their, and their international expansion and like, sure. And there's people who are good at that. That's not me. Right. And that's not where my interest lies. Instead, my interest is much more in like, what's that next thing that people are going to be talking about in terms of like, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the  I don't know. Like people who care about sneakers, particularly like used ones, this and that. And it's like, it's streetwear literally is the next wave of high fashion for millennials and Gen Z. And it's like, so yeah, I don't know. I feel like if I could sum up this whole podcast, my two big takeaways are be a good human and bet on the fringes. That is a fantastic way to wrap this up. Where can people find you on the internet or find out more about electric?