 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Eliza here. This is going to be a very, very special episode. We are going to sit here remotely and talk for as long as possible about criminal justice reform. Eliza is intimately familiar with a lot of these issues for kind of what she does on a day to day basis. And she is also running for an elected DA office, which we'll get into. But just thank you so much for joining us.  And I always had a passion for helping people. Even from the time I was very young, I recognized the privilege that I had from being white and having a non-white sister and recognizing the racism that existed and always speaking out and fighting for those who were less fortunate and who were often marginalized. And I realized when I was a teenager that I wanted to be a public defender.  Well, no, we just want to we just want to be kept apprised of if you're thinking of taking another job and I said, okay In that case you should know there won't be any other job offers. It was like all my eggs one basket I tell law students that I speak to don't do that but I but I really I just knew that this is what I wanted to do and I anticipated being a public defender for life and I started working at the Legal Aid Society in October 2009 and I  People will say, oh, our system is broken. But to them I say it's not broken. It's operating exactly as designed as a rigged system is supposed to. And it's marginalizing the very people it was designed to marginalize. And that's people of color, LGBTQIA folks, people who are just everyday working Americans and non-citizens, victims of sex crimes, sex workers. I mean, it's just people who are already at a disadvantage and then they're  by step here and just walk through how the criminal justice system works and then we'll get into what some of those issues are and how we can solve them. Yeah, I think that that's a great way to do it. And I think that some of these things are really exemplified well by stories that I have from my 11 years as a public defender and one that sticks out in my mind is a client of mine who I'll call John for the purposes of the story. And he was an assistant  to uniformed NYPD officers, got on the train, grabbed his groceries, dumped them to the ground, and placed John in handcuffs and proceeded to take him to jail for the night for the crime of occupying multiple seats on a transit facility. Literally taking up two seats on the subway. And I met him the next night and I got him out of jail, but for over 10 years, the frustration and heartbreak and anger with the way the system continues to operate has never gone away.  I think kind of story that starts to highlight there's tons and tons of nuance and complexity here. And I think you and I are going to do our best to kind of highlight a lot of that complexity for people who do not understand that story that you just described. What is the police response? Right. Cause I can already hear people saying, okay, that, that is an example where there's going to be a crowd that says the letter of the law is that you can't take up two seats in the subway and therefore the police are just doing their job.  Why it happens if you're even able to identify that Hi, it's it's such a hard question because so many of these things have really just existed for as long as our society has existed and You know, the these are all pretty much founded on Racism on white supremacy on maintaining the status quo for the wealthy and privileged and and well-connected and from its inception, you know our system was  maybe, but also it's just such a, the system as a whole operates in such a way that it really is propping up and maintaining the status quo in a very significant way. Yeah. When you say police incentive, describe that a little bit because I think that part of this is, I almost think of the criminal justice system has stages. And so if you're John in that scenario and you're writing  Well, I mean, I think there's some very, very serious and important conversations that we're having with regards to the police right now. And I think that, you know, there's just been so little police accountability, so little police transparency. You know, you've probably heard a lot of conversations. I mean, there were so many people posting about 50A in New York, the repeal of 50A.  Well, I guess, oh gosh, I know you always want me to make the opposite argument. And it's so hard on something that, you know, to argue that the personnel records of police that shield their misconduct records should remain hidden. Well, I guess the question is, is it specifically misconduct only or is it just personnel records total? And the reason why I ask is like, I always go to like the extreme  is like a panacea for preventing violence by police officers. But we want to see more significant change as well. There has to be more that we do that should really make sure that, I mean, the law basically first existed to prevent defense attorneys from going on what they were calling fishing expeditions by placing broad subpoenas of police misconduct records.  It's like it's so straightforward as to why this should be public, you know officers are given such enormous power in their jobs and a history of abusive behavior Should be available to the public that they are charged to protect. Yep And so with kind of going down this conversation with the police specifically You know, one of the things that I've continued to say is like a lot of the conversation appears to be retroactive or kind of  You know kind of get paid do all these things and so they go through the training that a police department whether it's in New York City North Carolina where I'm from I think you can literally become like a Sheriff with like six or eight weeks of training or some very minimal amount of training and so It's almost like if you look at like yes would the files being public change behavior Probably right and it would actually make it much easier to identify and hold accountable those who have kind of done the wrong thing or  We want to hold accountable people who do abuse their power. But I think that the data has shown that training is not, I mean, yes, there's so little training that goes on, but training is probably not the answer. I mean, if you think about Minneapolis being the quintessential example of that, like where George Floyd was murdered when a police officer kneeled on his neck for over eight minutes, they had tried reform. Five years ago, they were under all this pressure in the wake  you know, scholars and initiatives and they spent millions of dollars on this to do that and all these training programs and whatnot and it didn't work. So, and this may be a misunderstanding on my part, but a number of people I've talked to, my understanding was that a lot of these programs, and maybe not so much the reform programs as much as some of the accountability type programs, have actually been able to identify certain police  here in a force of 500 police officers, here's the two bad apples. It almost seems like it's ineffective for anything that we can do in terms of being able to basically get them off the street. Is that accurate or do you have some other understanding of that? Well, I mean, I think that that is accurate. I think that there's just so little actual accountability when there is misconduct. So I think misconduct stems from, I mean, there are so many different types. Like when we talk about it, is it just the brutalization  our public trust and harm our communities. And I think our district attorneys have really failed to and been complicit in the continuing misconduct perpetrated by our police departments. Yeah, one of the things that is really interesting to me is this idea that if you look at the data, right, so my understanding of the data, and again, you're much more of an expert on this than I am, so correct me if I'm wrong here, but somebody, I wrote this big piece earlier,  nine people are killed for every 1000 African Americans that arrested eight people are killed. And so that data, if you just look at that as a single piece of data, you would say, oh, we don't have a racism problem in the police force and our criminal justice system, whatever. But what you just described is it's not just about physical violence or about fatal use of fatal force. Although there are issues there, it's also just simply who do we stop? Who do we arrest? Who do we harass? Who do we do all these things?  when you kind of pull out to a national level. Right. And I think that the data is quite clear when it comes to, you know, the over 10 million arrests per year in our country who is being arrested and what, you know, what their race is. And I think that those are the kinds of things like here in New York, we have a gang database and the way in which you get on the gang database factors as innocent as  99%, 1% are white. And if you're gonna tell me that that's because, oh, well, only 1%, no, it's just not true. It's simply not true. We just criminalize people for the color of their skin. And it's just completely unjust. Yeah, here's another perspective that I've heard people argue. And this one, I think, to me is much harder to kind of  are over patrolling certain areas that happen to be lower socioeconomic classes and also have certain demographics in them. You know, it's hard to decipher. Are they patrolling that place because it's a poverty thing or it's a race thing? Is it both? You know, are those two things intimately tied together? How do you just think through that relationship between kind of socioeconomic status and race when it comes to policing and arrest and things like that? Well, listen, don't get me wrong.  to buy their freedom and therefore they are incarcerated while someone who is charged with something far worse is charged with something far more serious or is charged with the exact same thing but has money in their bank account can pay their way out and not sit in jail. And we know that when you sit in jail the outcomes are far worse. People end up taking pleas to things that just to get out of jail. You know when you're locked up for whether it be you know three months three weeks or even just three days you become exponentially  And I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question  between a private citizen and a police officer. And there was a mob type mentality. It was the police versus protestors. And I literally saw a cop with a baton just wailing on somebody and the protester was absolutely engaged as well. Right? So it wasn't the protester was standing there and kind of not doing anything, but it was a fight. And just in that environment, I think when you just see it in kind of a 30 second clip, you're like, what is happening?  What is the answer around police reform? Is it addressing police immunity? Is it addressing some other way? How do you think about it as the police reform that everyone's talking about? What is that solution? Listen, I think that first of all, some of these videos that have come out in the last four months have really done more to radicalize people than  grabbing someone like, oh, don't even help a person who's bleeding out of their head. I mean, and watching them, um, cuddling peaceful protesters. I mean, I was out in the streets protesting. I've seen the police violence, you know, firsthand. And, and so the idea that like, you know, Oh, we can fix this with training is I think kind of a pipe dream. And I think that, well, and one thing real quick, just before you move on from the Rochester example, because I think that's like a perfect example of the two perspectives, right? You've got one  we move through and that was kind of a side effect of us going to kind of quote unquote do our job. And where I always kind of find the nuances, well, hold on a second. These two things can actually be true at the same time, right? Of, Hey, you can say, we told everyone to leave the square. They didn't do what we said. We have a job to do. And therefore we went and executed our job and still at the same time, it'd be true that, okay, but you still shouldn't push over a 70 something year old man.  And that's what I just I can't wrap my head around how you implement it. You know, I think that some of it is well, first of all, I was thinking about the Rochester police because that was the murder of Daniel Prove, the 41 year old man who was unwell and they put a bag over his face and killed him. But this was the Buffalo police who shoved the 75 year old man over who fell backwards and hit his head. And then they released a statement saying he tripped and fell and was injured, which obviously was not the truth.  to me that when police have to respond to mental health emergencies, you know, like Daniel Prude, like many other, you know, people who've recently been killed in police encounters, like they shouldn't be responding to mental health issues. They shouldn't be the ones, they're ill-equipped to deal with it. You know, we should have mental health professionals doing that. But to do that, we need to invest in our communities. We need to invest in, you know, supporting people.  to  force can be is almost it matches the threat in some way. Like the person who's a mental health situation doesn't need somebody with a gun. They need somebody who can help them with the situation that they're in. Right, exactly. So we want to take away responsibilities from police officers that they themselves don't want. There are all kinds of mental health and social work functions that are rarely, if ever, improved by someone showing up with a gun.  something. It's a reaction. They're humans. They make mistakes, whatever it is. Regardless of intentionality, it's something that ends up being misconduct. In that situation, any other job, people get fired, people get fined, they lose pay, they lose rank, whatever the repercussion is. With police officers, that's not necessarily the case because of this overarching immunity to a lot of what they do. How do you think about that?  the Manhattan district attorney, Cy Vance, has been complicit in the continuing misconduct perpetrated by the NYPD. And instead of using his power to hold them accountable, he has used his power to shield and protect police officers, including the ones who perpetrate brutal assaults, who falsify documents, who lie under oath. Explain that a little bit. When you talk about shielding, just so most people, they don't see this every day.  If a person got up on the stand in court and said, do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, I do and lied under oath, that person would be charged with perjury. Yet we see over and over and over again, police officers engaging in these different behaviors, committing crimes and not being held accountable. And, you know, this is, you know, I think there's a huge problem with the way in which DA's offices and the police are so deeply intertwined and so district-attached  I think we see eye to eye on this. Is it fair to say that you agree that majority of police officers do the right thing, go to work every day, want to make a living, go home, et cetera? And the problem is there's a minority that do misconduct, bad behavior, and kind of like the bad apples spoil it for everybody, or do you disagree with that? You know, it's hard to say because first of all, there's so little  out there who went into law enforcement for the right reasons, who don't want to be out there brutalizing people or engaging in some of these behaviors. But I think the problem is just the way in which this system operates right now, not only what we've asked police officers to do, such as policing those who are mentally ill or who are poor or who are suffering from substance use disorder,  incorrect. So if I do, somebody correct us. But he basically gave a speech at one point earlier this year. And one of the data points that he presented that I found counter to what I had thought was he basically said, look, if you take the total number of interactions that he was talking specifically about the New York police department have with constituents, and then you look at the ones in which there is misconduct, reported issues, et cetera, it's a very, very small percentage. I don't remember the exact percentage,  And kind of save them for the more appropriate things that they're trained to do. But how do you look at, is it a thing where like the number of bad incidents are actually not great from an aggregate number, but the severity is really bad? Or is it maybe that the reporting is wrong? Like, how do you kind of just think through, and maybe even have a number of like, what percentage of police interactions are falling into this category?  in their quota-driven, broken Windows tactics, they have an extremely high number of punitive interactions with New Yorkers every year. So I think this is, I think it's a much higher number than what you just cited, but I don't have exact percentages. That's fine. And that's helpful. Let's move on to  we are going to put you in jail, we're gonna punish you, et cetera. Now, with the hindsight bias of many decades of data, I think that we've seen one, this war on drugs may not be nearly as effective as we once hoped. Two, there are certain people who have a disproportionate kind of impact in that war of drugs or they're targeted or arrested. And then three is this change that's occurring is basically now as we saw in the recent voting  And I think we've seen now that there's no material difference between blacks and whites for the use of drugs or the sale of drugs. But if you're black, you are more than three times more likely to be arrested for those crimes. We exist within a profoundly racist system. And we live in a nation where now there are more black men incarcerated or under criminal supervision than the entire number who were enslaved in 1850.  that we should legalize marijuana, expunge all previous convictions, I mean that is, and reinvest in the communities that were disproportionately harmed by these, you know, draconian laws. But I think that it really needs to be all laws. And we did. We had a huge victory, I think, that across the country we've seen people really coming around to this position and recognizing that, you know, that rehabilitation and treatment and,  example and very much an overgeneralization, but just to kind of highlight the difference is if you have somebody standing on the street corner in a neighborhood and they are selling drugs versus you have somebody consuming it in a suburban home, right? There tends to be race intertwined there, but just the ability for the police to drive by on a street corner and arrest somebody and understand that they're selling drugs is very different than their ability to go into your private home, you know, outside of a Metro area, et cetera.  turning a blind eye to one part, we're actually targeting another type of drug, another type of consumption, dealing, et cetera. Yeah, I mean, I think that, you know, our approach to thinking, when we think about like criminal justice reform, including drug policy requires like really transformational, like out of the box thinking. It can't just be the way that we've always thought about things.  I think that we've seen the surging number of opioid overdose deaths, not just here in New York, but across the country. And we should be supporting safe consumption sites. We should be supporting evidence-based treatment. We should be supporting opportunities that provide people with stability. And I think that this is something that we have to approach  these things with compassion, with thinking about people as people. People first, you know, say, oh, a person who is suffering from substance use disorder, a person who is currently incarcerated, a person who has been convicted of a crime so as not to define the person by the thing, you know, then we can actually think about these ways of transformational changing our approach. And I think that when we think about how to approach these issues with drugs, like we just need to think about  like kick a drug habit, for example. And like far too often as a public defender, I'd seen clients who wanted so desperately to get better and the Manhattan DA's office instead of being like, yeah, absolutely. That is definitely a person who could use a treatment program says, no, no, we don't think that person's worthy for one reason or another. And like treatment should be the rule rather than the exception. We should be giving everyone who wants it treatment for drug use. Yeah. Well, you mentioned a safe consumption site and this will kind of lead us  harm reduction approach towards drug problems. And the facility provides a sterile injection equipment, provides information about drugs, healthcare, treatment referrals, access to medical staff, and prohibits the sale or purchase of drugs. But basically, it allows people to, and I think we really hear about it in terms of, I think in the Netherlands and other places where it's a place where people can drop  And using the extremes of that division is great to highlight the differing opinions. But I wish people would meet in the middle, is kind of the solution. But I think that when people hear this, so there would be one side that says, this is amazing. We can actually reduce drug use, we can reduce crime, kind of treat people with humanity. Like all the things that you just said sound fantastic, right? That's kind of one perspective. There's another perspective that says, oh my God, Eliza, like, are you guys crazy? You're gonna just help people do drugs, right?  There is a benefit to this and there is a kind of a positive impact that can happen, by simply just putting, let's say these supervised consumption sites or something else. Well, so I think that the thing that most people want is to feel safe in the city in which they live. They want to be able to walk their kids down the street. They want to feel safe. They don't want to see people shooting up on the street. It makes them feel unsafe. Now, whether or not it actually makes them unsafe is a different story, but it makes them feel unsafe.  because we see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are not able to get the vaccine. We see that the people who are in the community are in the community are in the community are in the community. We see that the people who are in the community are in the community are in the community. We see that the people who are in the community are in the community are  at an apartment for a month for some people, you could get a room. And for much less than that, for much less, for like dollars, we can invest in people and make it so they don't cycle back through. And so we are actually saving taxpayers money.