 Alright guys, bang, bang. I've got Brad from Unstoppable Domains here. Welcome back. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Thanks so much for having me. Absolutely. I feel like you guys have been absolutely crushing it. You guys have been launching all kinds of new things. For those that haven't listened to the previous episode, give us a quick overview of just what is Unstoppable Domains. Yeah, for sure. So we are building domain names on blockchains.  You can buy domains, you can manage domains, and you can build websites all from unstoppable domains.com. So that's where we're building tools to make it easier for people to use the decentralized web. Absolutely. And so when people hear decentralized web, I think they'll go, Ooh, what's that? Like maybe I've heard the term before. I have no clue what that actually means. Describe a little bit about the difference between a centralized web and a decentralized web. Users are in control in the decentralized web. It's exactly the same thing as what happens with crypto.  They're able to move domains around, turn domains off. They essentially have custody of the domains for you. Blockchain domains, you have them, you control them. They're stored inside of your wallet just like cryptocurrency. And then on the web hosting side, in the traditional world, you are storing your content on Amazon Web Services or some other service like that. And here, you're storing your content on a decentralized storage network like IPFS, Filecoin, something like that. And so the net effect of all of this is when  customer are the companies that are buying our data. If in the future world, when we have a decentralized web, you're going to control your data and then you'll be the customer of a future Facebook and you'll give them permission to use some of your data in order to provide you a service. But you'll control your social network. You'll control all of your data and you'll be able to move around with that. It'll be interoperable. You'll be able to use your social graph inside of 50 applications. Completely different than the way that the current web works.  and things to be hosted information. But the part to me that's so interesting is you can also use these domains now, Coinbase wallets, right? You guys have run ads kind of everywhere telling people that Coinbase wallets now support these unstoppable domains as the recipient of funds. So I no longer will send somebody a Bitcoin wallet address. I now instead can send Pomp.Crypto and all of a sudden somebody can actually send me Bitcoin to that wallet address. Describe a little bit about kind of  all with different usernames that none of them interoperate. With a blockchain domain, you can just have one thing. So you can just have pump.crypto, someone can send you money. Someone can also visit your website. Someone can also send you an encrypted message. And because it's all to the same thing, you now have this increased security. You have this decreased risk of an imposter. I know that when I am messaging with you that I'm also paying to the same person. I know if I'm visiting your website and I send money to  So like, how does this change crypto payments? Like, what is the future look like? We saw with the centralized internet, there used to be IP addresses, you kind of had to remember all the numbers and the sequence, then we got human readable URLs that changed everything. Is the same thing going to happen here when it comes to Bitcoin and crypto payments with these kind of human readable domains? Absolutely. It's so hard. You can't even imagine onboarding new people when you have to explain this idea of you got these  the experience that ultimately we're going to need in crypto in order to be able to compete. Absolutely. And I guess as this becomes more pervasive and people realize that you can do this, it also changes the types of payments that people look for, right? It's really hard right now to kind of take that Bitcoin wallet address or crypto wallet address and just like display it on your website, for example, right? But if now all of a sudden you can simply put in a social media message and say, hey, send it to pomp.crypto, complete game changer in the way that you use it.  Here's a cause that I really care about everybody. Click on this link, read this description, go through these payment details. Here's a credit card section, put in all your information. Oh, what about your billing address? And you go through all of the different steps and then eventually you can support that campaign. Here you can say, hey, pay to feed the children.crypto or whatever. I don't know if that's a live domain, so don't try that. But something like that. And then you could just share that on the internet.  Remember, POMP.Crypto, if I said it enough times, everyone will remember it. You can imagine that happening also for whether it's celebrities, large businesses, nonprofits. You go down the line, you can really see that the domain itself becomes part of that marketing message. The meme is the message and there's nothing better than actually the address itself going out. We saw it in the late 90s with every company being .com. What better name than to have your website as your name?  random string of numbers and letters and hope that this money gets to me. We've all had this feeling of, I type in the address, I check it, I triple check it, maybe I do a test transaction, I panic for an extra 30 seconds, and then finally, I will myself to press the button. That's the current experience that we have with crypto payments. That is very different than how it works with Venmo. With Venmo, I don't do any of those things. Even if I want to send my friend $2,000, I go, I find their username,  Verification of your Twitter account. So what you're doing is is you're attaching your Twitter handle to a crypto address And you're doing this in a you know relatively secure way you're using oracles that go and Verify they all go and check the blockchain and check Twitter to verify That it's the same person that controls the domain name is the same person that controls the Twitter account But then an effect of this is if I go and type if you go and verify pump.crypto  Twitter handle is just one thing, but the nice thing about Twitter handles is that they are relatively good pseudo-anonymous IDs because you have a lot of reputation around them because Twitter platform is very secure and very mature. And so you've got a lot of people who have years of tweets and followers and other things that you can look at and scan and it takes five seconds to say, okay, this is just the right person. Absolutely. And what's interesting to me about this  kind of the technology that you're using in order to be able to actually do this verification. So what people are doing is, is you're signing a message with your private key that controls the domain name and you're writing the Twitter handle to the blockchain. You're also tweeting with a code that matches and then oracles in the background, Chainlink oracles, we use the Chainlink system in order to do this, will go and check the blockchain and go  able to tap into government databases and use licenses or passports or something like that? Or maybe are there other social consensus almost type identifications that may be valuable? I think you're going in a couple of pretty cool directions here. I think where this can end up is ultimately, what you get from a blockchain domain is you get the user in control. When the user is in control, the user gets to decide what information is going to be associated  up view of who this person is. If I tie three things together, then that makes you even more confident that you know who I am. If you tie a government ID, sure, that can give you even more. So I think what you're going to wind up getting in the blockchain world in general is very similar to what you get in the internet, which is all degrees of usage all the way from the completely private to the completely public. And I think this is something that people have still been  early on and I think that what we can get from the blockchain world is a happy medium in users get to choose. Users can go to the completely private side of the spectrum, users can go to the completely public side of the spectrum, users can go anywhere in between and we're not going to be forced to go one way or the other because apps won't control us. So user choice is going to lead to, long answer, user choice is going to lead to absolutely every version of this all the way from anonymous to government ID and everything in between.  you know, like what's the price of Bitcoin or something like that so that you can create derivative contracts or whatever else you're trying to build into your app. You're trying to use financial data for primarily for financial services. That's great. Gigantic market. But there are, there's this real world information that's going to be super interesting for allowing users to do more things on the decentralized web. And the Twitter handle is just the first step there. There's a lot of other types of real world  the domains, you've got this verification system now, you've got a pretty good understanding of oracles. It does feel like you're laying the foundation to be able to build all kinds of stuff. I don't know if anything there that is either top of mind or that you guys are considering. There's a bunch of different things that you need on the internet, but some of the core components would be you need payments, you need content, which are websites, you need communication, messaging. Those are three key components. The domain  chat app where the domain name is the username so no one can turn off your messages and it's not sitting on any company servers. So all of the things that you'll see us building are going to be around facilitating these kind of core features on the internet. And the current internet provides us with all three of those things, payments probably, they do not as good of a job at. Maybe it's an okay job now that we have Stripe and things like that but for most of the history of the internet, payments was actually being done quite poorly on the internet.  But then the question I always get is, how the hell do I access the decentralized web? They go to their Chrome browser or whatever, and they start typing around, and everything looks centralized to me. So help people just have a 101 of how do they actually access that decentralized web, and where would you send them? So right now, I would send you to Offer Browser for Android. That is the first place to support native resolution of domain names. So if you go to Offer  going to jump on the decentralized web bandwagon quickly. They're going to wait until there's a whole bunch of users and until they have to. But in the meantime, we've got all of these great alternative tools that particularly the crypto community is by and large already using. And then you can also use Chrome extensions and extensions in various browsers. And is the thought process that it's kind of a game theory where nobody jumps into the decentralized web out of the major players until  of applications that are pushing the web, the browser world forward. I think the kind of big four, big three are going to wait because browser is not their core business. So they don't have a reason to innovate there unless they absolutely have to. And so they will, but they'll do it when it's time. Whereas these other applications will do it to help facilitate the decentralized web because they need,  a browser is a great place to store your assets, to have a wallet in there. So there's a bunch of different things that are pushing the kind of alternate browser world in this direction. And that's really the wave that we're riding in order to get in. And that's what's going to allow users, tens of millions, even hundreds of millions of users to be able to use this stuff in 2021. But then when will it be native in Chrome? That's probably going to be once we have millions of cool websites.  You can make a mistake, make an update. You could get hacked, any number of other problems, and you also have legal responsibility. And so for a lot of projects that are trying to be open source, community driven, they still have this admin problem for their website. They still have all the liability comes back to whoever is building that front end. And if they can go all the way to have that front end on the decentralized web and have the domain name controlled by a thousand  I think it's a strategy. It won't be a strategy in every single case. I think we're going to have a lot of different things. Like right now, we're kind of in the, I guess, probably the bundling phase of content where you go and you pay Netflix and they give you a million different things or you go and you pay cable and they give you a million different things. It's heavily bundled. You're not able to pay for specific content. I can't remember the name of the guy who said this, but it's a pretty famous startup quote that everything in  and you could charge five bucks for a video rather than having advertisements. And not to say that advertisements are a bad strategy or that you're gonna give up on it entirely, but there may be places where it's appropriate to charge. Absolutely. It's so fascinating to kind of think through micro payments and streaming payments, right? Rather than pay your 10, 12 bucks to Netflix every month, what if you just pay kind of as you watch things and then at some point,  won't get messed with and won't get taken down. YouTube has been doing all kinds of things to crypto content and even just have the option of easy donations. Because I've seen this with influencers where you essentially have this pent up demand amongst their community where they're saying like, we think you're awesome. We would like to pay you. What you're giving us primarily is for free. So we're looking for ways to pay you. So maybe you sell me like a mug with your face on it or something. That's like a common solution is that influencers go and do a little  And I think that you're going to see things like this from content creators, where as long as it's easy to pay me, then I can even have like a pay what you want. Absolutely. Couldn't agree more. And I think Patreon and a couple of others, you know, have done an essentialized role, but it's, it's coming and, and there might not be a middleman is a, it's the good way to look at it. Brad, listen, thank you so much for taking the time to do this. Where can we send people to find you on the internet and find out more about Unstoppable.com?  there for them anymore. There's only one. It's very similar to URLs in the centralized world. Maybe just talk a little bit about the auction process or the purchasing process of the actual domains to what's end us. What's happening is when you purchase a domain, it is getting minted on the blockchain and then sent to your wallet. The way that the contracts work, the application works on the blockchain, you can only have one of each domain. If the domain already exists, it can't be  So check it out and thanks so much, Brad. We'll do it again. Thanks so much for having me.