 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Brock here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Yeah, my pleasure. Thanks for having me. For sure. Let's just jump right into your background. Kind of tell us everything you did before you got to Lindio. That's quite the way to start. So short and sweet. I've been an entrepreneur since college. I was at BYU, playing soccer there. I heard about an entrepreneurial competition.  as far as any business. I looked at buying an ice cream store and looked at building a technology company and every business that I was talking to, the main challenge was that they all needed financing. They needed money somehow to grow or start their business. And so early on my career was we were gonna connect these entrepreneurs to wealthy private angel investors. And we kind of built this dating website and literally made every mistake in the book along the way.  unions and fintech lenders across the country since then. So that's the very short version. Absolutely. And I think what's so interesting about your business is its lending and its small businesses. For those that don't know or haven't been paying attention, there was this public health crisis with a pandemic that then caused an entire economy in the United States and then economies around the world to shut down. The velocity of money goes down. There's massive, massive issues. If you're a large corporation with billions of dollars on your balance sheet, your  On top of that, they don't have access to capital. They can't raise equity very quickly, especially when every investor is actually not deploying capital, but actually trying to find cash and hoard it during uncertainty. You guys became this great option. Maybe talk about, in the early days of the pandemic, what you guys saw as the opportunity, and then we'll get into how you guys actually executed. What were you seeing in March and into April during this economic shutdown? Yeah. March, it was a crazy time where all of a sudden, everyone started  paycheck protection loans. And when we caught wind of that, I sent a text to our board members and said, um, Lendio is perfectly positioned to help these small business owners. Um, in fact, the text was, it was a quote, it was a Winston Churchill quote. Uh, he said, it was, it says this, to every man that comes in his lifetime, that special moment, when he is figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered a chance to do a very special thing, unique to  Our mission at Lendio is fueling the American dream. And in that moment, we decided to change our mission temporarily to saving the American dream and we were going to go all in. So the text I sent to my board was, I don't know what this means. I don't know if we're going to make money. I don't know what's going to happen, but we are going to go all in and do everything we can to help as many small business owners get access to capital. And we have the platform to be able to make a significant impact.  accept a PPP loan. We went out on a limb and hired 250 employees in 10 days, all working from home, workstations that we had to get and ship to their house and train them remotely. And we just said, there are businesses out there that we need to help get access to capital. And the reason why is because a lot of businesses, their bank that they worked with either was not approved for an SBA loan,  just how quickly I think that first tranche went. It was literally gone in like less than 24 hours or less than 12 hours maybe. And then also all the stories piled in of like, oh, the bank's best customers, they got all the loans first. Like you kind of have this sense of just like you want to stick your middle finger up and say, you know, hey, bankers, like I knew you would do that. But the fact that you did it still pisses everybody off, right? And so, you know, thankfully these businesses had options like Lindeo to kind of get to it. When I saw the numbers from what you guys  a logical nightmare in terms of I can only imagine like the surges that you guys were getting, especially when everyone's so kind of fearful. The program had a lot of unknowns to it. I think a lot of banks were kind of slow because they didn't fully understand everything. Talk a little bit just about like now looking back over the last seven, eight months, how does it feel to have over a hundred thousand businesses, $8 billion in funding access and know that like you and your team were able to kind of facilitate  Thousand times. Thousand X, yes. And fortunately, our engineering team is amazing and everything kind of still stuck together and we didn't crash. And in the moment you're going through this and you're like, I'm not sure if this is going to be the best thing we ever did or the worst thing we ever did. Because you're trying, every business owner has a story and you're trying to help every single one of them.  I can't make payroll if I don't get a loan. Please help me. And so you can imagine the amount of stress and pressure that you feel as you're getting that all day long from everyone. And it's not like that happens once a month, it's like 10 times a day. So at the time we were just like feeling this immense amount of pressure, it was neglecting my family and it was waking up early,  first weekend how the money was going so fast and all these business owners seeing the capital like, I need to get in on this. If I don't, I don't know if there's gonna be another chance. And we had 300 banks right from the get-go that all said, I can take as many customers as you can send us. But what they didn't, none of us anticipated was in that first weekend, they would get more loan volume applications in that weekend than they had ever seen. And they said it'd been more in that weekend and they'd seen the last 15 years combined.  we were scrambling saying, which lenders can we send these customers to? And we ended up cutting a deal 11 p.m. one Wednesday night with a lender that ended up taking on 25,000 customers and $2.5 billion of loans. And there were moments like that all along the way where you just, again, you didn't know if this was the best thing that ever happened to you or the worst thing that ever happened to you.  It's 10 times more challenging than anything I've ever done, but 10 times more rewarding. What was it like negotiating the deal at like literally the 11th hour? And you're like, Hey, I got a lot of people who need money and they're all counting on me to get this deal done. Well, it wasn't public at the time. And I don't know if I should make it public now, but, but as an agent in the, in the thing, your margins are tiny. You can get 1% a half a percent or a quarter of a percent.  to help those small businesses. And so when we got that deal cut, it was like an amazing, you know, it was awesome just because it opened up the opportunity to help these small business owners. Then we ended up going and adding a bunch of other lenders that could then take on more customers and so on. But that first deal we cut was critical. Absolutely. And obviously one of the big questions has always been around the PPP program, just like, okay, cool. In March, April, into May and June,  those PPP loans in the two and a half months and that's all it was supposed to last. It was to cover your payroll for two and a half months and they burned through that and they're in a tough spot. A lot of restaurants and retail and hotels and theaters and all of those and to no fault their own, especially in some of those places where the restrictions of the pandemic are so tight. And I can't tell you how extremely frustrated I am personally and our small businesses should be at our politicians  things are trying to insert in the package that they don't agree on. So PPP is being held hostage, at least the second round. That's frustrating. And we're pushing as hard as we can to try and get our politicians to do something. The second thing I would say is that other lenders have, you know, they stopped lending in April, but then they've recognized that, yeah, the red was pulled out from under them April 1st. But since then, there's been some, it's totally different than pre-COVID, but at least it's stable.  as lenders are starting to get more aggressive and comfortable around lending again. And then there's this third set of small businesses that the pandemic's the best thing that's ever happened to them. From recreational vehicles, whether it's RVs or mountain bikes or boats or, I hear construction, home remodels, a lot of those things. People are at home and they're seeing  experience. Yeah, so I never thought we would go through an experience like that. I mean, you know, scaling is one thing and you know, we were at a pace of hiring, you know, something like 20 a month, which was a big deal. But 250 over 10 days. And what made it even more challenging is that we were all work from home. So getting the computers into their hands, getting training. And so there's, we were extremely creative on how we did that. We had some other  But that, the logistically, it was quite the challenge. But one thing that became so clear to me was that people love to be a part of a cause. They want to be, they want to go and help. They want to solve a problem. They want to do something bigger than themselves. And we had so many that just bought completely into this idea of saving the American dream and helping small businesses. And that's what was incredible, is they sacrificed a lot  kind of positions you guys moving forward. Is this something where you'll kind of continue to help these small businesses and there'll be some ongoing support? Is it something where you're kind of dependent on what the government programs are? Just talk through kind of how you see the relationship with those 100, 120,000 small businesses moving forward. Yeah, so PPV for us is just another loan product. So we're a marketplace and we've got a lot of loan products and some come and go. And so right now, you know, it's PPP is one of the products that we offer, but we offer other SBA loans, lines of credit,  in that product. The second thing is that with those customers, we are going back to them and making sure they are aware of other loan products that are available in case they need another loan for growth or other reasons down the road to be able to help them secure other types of financing. And so it's really, we make money through our lenders. We're trying to do everything we can to add value to those business owners to build a revenue  about getting back in equity. And there's reasons for that. But the couple reasons why number one is with equity capital, there's no formula. In other words, if you're investing in a business, the types of business you're going to invest in will depend on how you fill that day, whether you connected with that entrepreneur, how your 401K is doing. And it's so subjective, right? And there's no way to build  debt financing. So for a bunch of those reasons, we'll probably allow someone else to go and solve that problem. Absolutely. And then in terms of kind of future plans for Lendio itself, you'll kind of continue to service these small businesses with various types of debt products. Talk a little bit just about how does this affect or position you guys from a headcount standpoint moving forward? How do you think about kind of growing the business? It's become quite popular for  which is a very difficult foundation to build and start and marketplaces are challenging, you know, themselves. But we think about then, okay, we've got two customer bases on one side, we've got financial institutions. On the other side, we have small businesses. How do we build a relationship with them that will last a long time? So on the small business side, I talked about our Sunrise product is helping them with cashflow and helping them with bookkeeping and invoicing. And we have a really high retention rate  and add more value that way. On the flip side of the business, it's with our lenders, we've never seen it in history, in the history of financial institutions, a more urgent demand to go digital. Most of these banks, they realize no one wants to go into the branch anymore and fill out a piece of paper and application. They all wanna apply online and they wanna do it through technology and things like that. So a lot of the technology we have built, we can go to our website  about Lendio or find you on the internet. Yeah, so lendio.com. It's free for small business owners. We make our money through lenders. And then on Twitter, at Brock Blake, is where you can find me. Awesome. I wrap up every episode asking the same two questions, and then you'll get to ask me one to finish up. The first question is, what is the most important book that you've ever read? Wow. A business book or any book?  religious person and I've studied a lot of different things and there's been, and what I love about that book is that it, there's, there's promises to it. Well, it gives you guidance on why we're here and where we're going, that whole adage of where we came from, why we're here, where we're going. And, and studying it each day gives me a lot of peace in my life. And so that, that book would be my, would be my selection. So one of the things that I've noticed is the books that people  It could be a religious text, it could be fiction, nonfiction, philosophical, whatever it is, but it just resonates. And some of it is probably nostalgia in some cases. Some of it is they took a specific learning and some of it is like the religious text where they continue to read it on a daily basis and it's kind of stuck with them through their life. So it's cool to hear that story. When you're looking for answers, right? You're trying to figure out what does all this stuff mean? Why are we here? Well, so I had somebody come on the podcast once and he very  There are there's life signs of life. Absolutely. I don't know if they're green Martians, but Yeah, the green man, I don't know if I'm sold on but but intelligent life I think that it's just too big. It's got to be there somewhere, right? Yep, I agree. Amen You get asked me one question to finish up. What do you got for me? So For you, like what was your favorite interview that you've done? Or whether that's been on a podcast or just like  We're going to listen to it and things like that. And in person, it used to be a little bit better. Remote is even harder, right? Because then it's like, kind of you're talking into the portal that is your computer or whatever. But the best conversations I've ever had are with complete strangers. Like, you know, I can think of a couple off the top of my head. You know, when I was in Iraq, I met a kid who barely spoke English and just like seeing that viewpoint. Or I was with my wife in Bulgaria where she's from and just met somebody who  more than everyone else. And it's just like aspirational, tell me how you did it or, you know, kind of tell me your story. But I tend to think that many of the people with the most interesting stories are the people who maybe aren't the most successful, right? They're the people who are kind of still in the story. And so I don't know if I could pick one, but it's those types of situations to me are like incredibly rewarding, which almost seems like, you know, it's counterintuitive or blasphemous for somebody who spends so much time talking to people  probably something around like financial education. Right. And I say that mainly because, um, to me, it's just the one thing that, uh, we can give to lots and lots of people. It's not controversial at all. And it probably can have, um, a significant, if not the biggest impact on someone's life. Right. And it's just this idea of, I think a lot about, um, kind of education and knowledge is the, uh, equalizer, right? So you, if you look at something as simple as just, uh,  is there's probably 50%, maybe more of the country, if you went and you sat down with them, like they don't know this stuff, right? And it literally is just a lack of knowledge. And then you explain it to them and they see the world differently, right? And so, you know, again, most of you who come on the podcast have been fortunate enough where like somebody along the way taught them that, right? And whether it was literally, they just happened to stumble upon an article on the internet or a parent or a friend or whatever. But I think that's the one thing of like, if we could get  when retirement comes, right? And I think a lot of people get lost in this like, oh my God, you don't have a mansion? That must mean you didn't do well in life. No, actually for the majority of people, retiring on time is a bar of, I did the right things, right? And if you can do it earlier than that, even better. And so I just think that that's the stuff to me that it's so simple that people kind of forget about it, because they want to have us living  Right now with the election and everything that's going on, you know, I wanted the conversations that I'm having. It's just I feel like back in the day as a society, we all that we pretty much want in the end a similar result. And whether we were red or blue or whatever, whatever stigma or label we put on ourselves, we would look at someone across the way and say, Kate, I don't agree exactly with  is we have to fight over it. And I just would love to be able to see us respect. That's what makes this nation great is this United States of America. And we all have different opinions and we all value those opinions, but we can respect each other's opinions and it's not always a fight. So anyways, a lot of my thought right now is just around how do you, and I think a lot of that comes from leadership. How do you unite people versus create  friend, probably two, three weeks ago, I said to him, you give me a topic and I'm going to tell you both sides of the debate and not because I'm some expert on this stuff, but just to show you there is two sides in terms of and it usually falls on the party lines, the Republicans and Democrats. But in general, there's kind of a very divisive, extreme type view in these situations. And he was like, why do you what's your point? And I was like, because the topic you could throw out could be super mundane, like masks. Right. And there's like crazy  about the same age as I am in my early to mid 30s and you know when you kind of look at it, it's like There's gonna be a generation where they eventually kind of come back around right and I think that there was you know, probably our grandparents were relatively Moderate not super divisive very kind of leadership oriented, etc. You get some Diversion from that and I think that you kind of then go back into more of a consolidation where people say hey look like you want more moderate  There's a, it's not all bad. It's not all divisive. It's not all negative. There's some amazing positive things that are happening and we're fortunate to be here. And so I don't want it to come across and I'm grateful. I'm just, it's more of how do we solve some of these problems that exist and create more unity. Listen, you guys are doing a fantastic job. There's a lot of small businesses who are very big fans of what you guys have done over the last six or seven months. I think you're doing just fine. Thanks, Bob. Appreciate it. All right, Brock.