 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Duncan and Griffin back for round two. Here we go. We're going to talk about NFTs, digital art, all the great stuff. Thank you guys so much for doing this. Hell, yeah. Thanks for having us. Yeah, absolutely. So as everyone already knows, they're twins, which means that they think alike and they probably are going to talk at the same time on the remote recording. But we figured it out. We've done a whole logistics of it.  telling everybody, but also you can't have this. Basquiat is a great example. You hear so much about Basquiat. He's this tortured genius and he was a genius. Obviously he died when he was 27. He's not making any more paintings. All everybody does is talk about him. Those are his collectors talking about him. They're playing up like how big Basquiat was, how much he mattered. And they're just telling you his paintings are so worth owning, but you can't have one. And the supply is always limited and it always will be limited. And that's exactly how the  something that can challenge it. There's also a huge element to it of owning a piece of history. I mean, if you're a collector in Basquiat, a collector of Basquiat in the 80s when he was selling his work on the primary market, you know, think about how you're doing that. Almost like a lot of physical art collecting is centers around that. It's like, okay, who's who are going to be the artists that 15, 20 years from now are the ones in the permanent collection of the MoMA and the ones where like, you know, they're,  And how does the digital art world work differently? Well, here's what I like to say. I mean, people are amazed that people are spending, you know, 50,000, a hundred thousand dollars on NFTs. What I like to say is it's actually amazing that they're spending $50 million on a Basquiat painting when like you frankly have had no real idea if it's authentic or not. I mean, like someone could have swapped that out 30 years ago with a perfect forgery and you have no idea. Digital art is the really significant part about NFTs is  artists that are actually collectible and that their artwork is actually going to hold value. With the physical art world, there's such a high overhead cost. The authentication, selling stuff at Sotheby's, it means that unless you're paying $50,000 or above for a work of art, it's really hard to consider that investable or consider that a good store of value because below a really high price tier, there's just not enough money to pay for the authentication infrastructure. With NFTs and with digital  it'll kind of coexist with traditional art and be the same size. Is it the digital art world will be bigger than the traditional art world? How do you think about that? Yeah, I think it'll be much bigger. I think the right analogy is Facebook and magazines, right? Like before Facebook, if I wanted to reach every carpenter in the world, I'd have to put an ad in a magazine dedicated to carpentry. And now the internet comes along and there's special groups. There's forums. Like it connects people in a way that just like wasn't possible before internet technology. And you know,  So it's not that it will fully replace the traditional art world. It'll still be there. It'll just be way less relevant, way less powerful and yeah, much smaller. Yeah. I think that's part of what got me so interested in this is like when a piece of traditional art sitting on the wall, the only way that it changes is if somebody goes and takes off the wall and puts a new piece, right? But now all of a sudden, if I put that screen there and now I put a piece of digital art, I can have it change. It can have motion. It can have sound. It can change by the hour, by the season, just by the lighting in the room.  just like the internet has used for decades now, and I can buy a piece of art and be anywhere in the world. So you're like expanding both what's possible with a piece of art, but you're also expanding the investor or collector base as well, right? Yeah, you totally are. What I like to say, it's like a Harry Potter newspaper versus a regular newspaper. The Harry Potter one is way better. It's magical, you know? This is like Harry Potter art versus regular art. Absolutely. So let's talk about the nifty gateway platform that you guys have built. Maybe Duncan, you can give us just a second  At first, I didn't really understand why that is, but as I've gotten more into NFTs, I've come to understand that curation naturally develops in any sort of collectibles or art market. Because on some level, it's a great mechanism for figuring out who's really serious about it and who's just experimenting. Being a great artist, it's not a part-time gig. It takes years and years of dedication, extremely hard work, and blood-swimming.  drops. So, you know, we get together a few really prominent artists and then we help them, you know, we help them ideate and brainstorm on their collections. And then the collections all go live instantly. A bunch of the drops sell out really quickly. We have a few different collection formats. You know, sometimes we have pack projects where you buy a piece and you get a random piece from the collection. But yeah, drops are bread and butter. And lately we've been doing a lot more  You know, steadily. Yeah. Yeah. We accept like fewer than one percent of the artists who apply. It is like very selective. And we do like Duncan said, we try to partner with great people. We don't always get it right. There's some great artists who apply and like we turn them down and it turns out like they are great artists, which is inevitable. But we do try to say everyone who comes on the platform is awesome. And we really partner with them. We work with you. We help you build your career. We like run ideas past you. We're dedicated to working one on one with the artists.  long-term and that you have the right mindset. Reaching out to Duncan and I directly can help. We're happy to talk through your work with you. And then also having a sales record showing early promise is something we're really looking for, we're really looking for, or a large audience. We try to identify who the promising people are and bring them on board. And if you have some sort of proven track record already, then that's a really great positive signal that we look for. That's probably the best way. Yeah, I think, as I said, part of our promise of the platform is that we really want to bring in artists who are dedicated to it for the  you'll get more followers on social, you'll get more fans. And then like eventually once you reach a certain level, then like we'll sort of become interested in working with you. Absolutely. And Duncan, maybe talk a little bit about if I'm an investor and I see these drops going on, like I've been on the platform, literally things sell out in seconds. What can I do to either one, increase the odds of success or two, can I do to increase the odds of success?  at 7 PM, like you're on it. And then honestly, you know, a lot of our platform we've, we've done a lot of drops. We've seen the upsides, but we've also seen the downsides hype can be sort of a double edged sword where, you know, like on some level, if you have a really hype drop, it can attract a lot of flippers, people who are not really there to collect the work long-term who just want to buy it and immediately resell it. So really we're doing a lot of work to develop the platform and like add more stuff in addition to the  which are all, they're usually auction-based. Some of them have list prices, but they're almost always auction-based, so you can bid on one of the ones. Then we also have some other really cool collection formats we've been experimenting with, like open editions. Open editions basically mean the artist puts out a piece of work and anyone can buy it at the list price for a period of 24 hours. It's great. There's absolutely no flipping. It's just people who want to collect. And often it can be, I mean, it's an investment in the future of the artist long-term.  or you want to Warren Buffett, you don't want a high frequency trading firm. So those are really my pieces of advice. And yeah, I would say don't get too hung up on the drops because a lot more stuff is coming. We really see our value prop as developing artists and bringing on artists that we think are promising and then helping them build their careers for the long term and really being a partner to them. And when you're a partner to the artists and you're building their careers over a five to 10 year period,  Honestly, like what makes an NFT successful and valuable is the same thing that makes any other object successful and valuable, the meaning behind it. I think with the bulls, with Trevor Jones's bulls, those kind of like hit at the right time. Trevor did an amazing job explaining the meaning behind the piece. He brought in an art historian to talk about its significance, which I thought was like a fantastic move. And yeah, there's just like a whole lot of meaning. Those NFTs like have firmly earned their place in NFTs.  I hate to be a cliche tech person and quote zero to one, but in zero to one, Peter Thiel, he's like, the next Larry Page isn't going to start Google or isn't going to start a search engine. The next Mark Zuckerberg isn't going to start a social network. The difficult part about being a great artist is there's no formula. The only way to be a great artist is to break the mold and to create your own formula. So the next great artist is not going to be like Banksy. Banksy was unique.  Unfortunately, I mean, maybe I guess like that's that's true of like all the difficult to obtain things in life, right? There's just no shortcuts. Totally. Yeah. And one final thing I would say is there's a proof of work element to borrow another, you know, tech originated concept. It's like if you have a piece that can't be replicated, it's shown that you worked on it for a long time. Like there's things that you can only establish by like working hard. Eugene Way has a really great post called status as a service where he talks about how that's what gets attention on just  I do think I do like comparing it to a startup because you know, similar to a startup, like you get traction, but like there's a ton of uncertainty at every step along the way. This is where we really see ourselves like adding value and what we really want to be good at is like, we want to be a partner to the artists that we're working with, almost like a co-founder for them on their art careers, where it's like, we don't just see the, you know, an artist, like they see their own career and maybe they have friends, but we see the careers of like a ton of different artists.  being that co-founder to artists. And that's what Nifty Gateway is becoming as well. For sure. Talk a little bit, Duncan, about the tech stack that you guys have built and kind of how you as a company, you kind of are taking the best of both worlds, right? You've got the art gallery type structure and model, and you can kind of learn from those that came before you in the traditional art world, but then you marry that with technology and really being able to kind of usher in this digital art world. How do you think about that from like a tech perspective?  the most salient thing we're seeing where it's like before you couldn't really sell digital animated artwork. Now you can sell digital animated artwork, but the second order effects are also massive. And I think over the next few years, they're only going to play out more and more where like, for example, like if you're an artist, the logistics of shipping a print to a hundred people are ludicrous. And not to mention the expense. Um, it's something that's only available to a very like small select group of artists. Now artists can connect with their audience.  But like with our platform if you collect a certain number of pieces from a drop then you can automatically redeem that for a prize nifty and it's all like It all just happens automatically. So really like yeah We're just beginning to witness the second-order effects of what it means to have internet native art I think we're still in the early stages of discovering those and You know, like we're always looking to take advantage of that and always looking to build features that make it easier. We're also Yeah, we also have a lot of  things that you can do once art becomes internet native. Yeah. And I think like over the next five to 10 years, we're going to see incredible advances and a, yeah, a Griffin's Facebook to magazine analogy is really going to play out in full time. Yeah. Griffin, anything to add to that? Yeah. Yeah. I was just going to say, um, our platform to we're focused on shipping like crazy and we're focused on the end user, you know, like we went Fiat native and that was kind of like how we launched  That's why we make it super easy to show up and buy with a credit card. And, you know, that's we're catering to, we're trying to get that those billion users onto NFTs and you don't need full decentralization to get people collecting NFTs. And so that's like why we built it. It wasn't ideologically driven. It was just, how can we make this as easy as possible for users? And that's what, you know, we're staying focused on because we want to give our artists access to the largest markets possible. And NFT, the word is spreading. People are starting to understand it.  Absolutely. Um, have you guys ever thought about creating some sort of drop where when you buy it, you can't sell it for a certain period of time? Like I heard you talk about the, uh, disincentivizing flipping. Like it'd be really interesting to almost have like time lock purchases where, Hey, when you buy this, you got to hold for five years or anything like that. Totally. We've totally thought about that. And that's something our platform enables. Like because of the tech trade-offs we've made, our platform is much more flexible in a number of ways than any other platform really can be because of the way it's built from the ground.  and we're only focused on expanding that. We think the more choice, the better. Absolutely. Maybe Duncan, you can talk a little bit just about like, what's the goal here? Walk me out 10 years from now. Like, what are you guys trying to build? What is the vision and kind of how do you think about Niffy Gateway a decade from now? Right. Well, when I think about businesses long-term, I always like to think about the sort of the question of like, if we get really good at this, like,  For Apple, it's like an obsession with building products. It's like, okay, if we're obsessed with building the best possible hardware products and like the software to go alongside them. And like every single thing we do is making products that are great, easy to use. And like, if we do that, then we'll win the market because we have such great products. For us, that thing that we have to get really good at in order to win the market is supporting artists and like developing their careers. Again, this is something that we see in the physical fine art world where.  to the people we work with, then that'll be the driver of success for our business long term. Yeah, I think what Duncan's asking is like the question we ask ourselves is like, what are we going to do better than anyone else in the world? Which is something that every company should ask themselves. Like, what are you going to do that no other company in the world can do as well as you? Because if you don't have something like that, you're not going to survive. And for us, like it's making good NFTs. That's what we want to do better than anyone else in the world.  that hard to make NFTs. It's never been that hard to make an NFT. All you have to do is to play a smart contract. If you know what you're doing, it's pretty simple. The only NFTs that survived were the NFTs that had original thought, had quality, where they'd done something to distinguish themselves. And I think that's still just as true today. It's easy to lose sight of that because there's way more noise around the scene now. But again, this is a game about owning a piece of history.  Yeah,  with it. It's just a fun place to spend time. You really get to see like, you're just hit with all this creativity and cool art. So I'm really excited to launch that. Absolutely. I'm gonna wrap this up with each of you giving a pitch. Duncan, I want you to give the pitch for artists and Griffin, you the pitch for investors or collectors. Griffin, why don't you go first kind of what's your guys pitch to investors and collectors as to why they should come use Nifty Gateway? Yeah, great question, man. Look,  art and invest in it for the long term. It's a platform that you just shouldn't be missing out on. Duncan, what about the pitch to artists? I think artists have their choice of platforms nowadays. There's more NFT platforms than ever. And that's the reason that we decided to orient our platform around being a supportive partner. I don't think there's anywhere else you can go to get the sort of partnership and mentorship that we're offering.  It can easily go wrong. And that's kind of just the reality of building an art career. It's a highly uncertain industry. What we're really developing and what we're really getting better at is helping mitigate that uncertainty, becoming a true partner for artists and helping them develop their careers over the long term. Using our unique tools that we have access to, which is like our platform, the data that we see, the wide variety of different collections that we see.  Last words from either of you before we wrap this up. Did you get those digital art screens hung up in your apartment? I saw, I saw Polina tweeting about it. Not yet, but I am working on it. We're recording this during a week where Polina has left me here alone and I've told her I'm going to do all kinds of things from buying a PlayStation to ordering Domino's every day to getting screens installed. So. Well, let us know if you need help. Yeah, I actually have about three or four screens up in my place. It's pretty awesome. Not going to lie. It's really like a,  guys, everyone go check out nifty gateway.com and we will have to do this again in the future. Thank you guys so much for joining. Thanks.