 What's your favorite part of the show?  New York, then a stint operating at a company called Anco. And then for the last couple of years have been at a firm called Charge and Charge does pre-seed seed investing also in New York, a little bit more tech focus and yeah, had the chance to work there before trying to emulate your solo success. So I saw this Italian culinary arts on your LinkedIn and I was like, I got to ask him about that. What was that? Cause that just fascinates me in terms of, it seems like there's  and realizing I wasn't gonna wanna be a partner at a big firm and then go try and win a Congress, a congressional seat. I decided to go to culinary school and test that out as a different life for a little bit. I'm just lucky to do it and had a really good time. Absolutely. And then talk us through, so you were at Charge, right? Kind of doing what I would consider a pretty traditional venture capital type job and career path. And then you start the generalist.  I wanted to spend more time on. So I mentioned I spent some time writing the first draft of a novel. I did that probably in 2013 and then for the next seven, eight years would wake up early in the morning, work on it for an hour or two and then go to work. And so always had this like muscle of trying to write more and realized that I should start applying it to some degree at least to the world of venture and tech. And so starting in August of last year, I wrote this article  did fairly well for me at the time and really opened my eyes to what it is like to share your ideas publicly. And bit by bit, I just kept doing that. And that became the generalist. It became a product more and more. And as I started to see that happen, I realized that I wanted to give more time to it. So that's the experiment that I'm running now, and we'll see if I can make it a sustainable business.  I've had lots and lots of people tell me they should, but the truth is the more serious answer is I think there's a lot of people who actually love thinking across that stack. And I think that's more and more common simply because tech moves so fast, companies move so fast that like you can be following a company one day and it's IPO-ing in not that long from now, or it's suddenly at growth stage not that long from now. I also think there's just like a ton of overlap between the type of tools that are useful at work.  And who do you find kind of this is most attractive for? Are there certain types of occupations? Is it a US focused audience versus international? Like how do you think about who's actually consuming the content? Yeah, so I think there's probably a ton of VCs, at least from the emails that roll in. And that's probably just like a function of my network and reach. Definitely a lot of folks who work in big tech or at startups, definitely a lot of folks that work in finance to some degree or another who may be like,  done that's been successful in terms of going from, you know, no subscribers to now 12, 13,000. I mean, it's the classic startup, do things that don't scale thing. Um, so, you know, so many of my early subscribers were me reaching out to the VC club president of Harvard's group or, you know, the Dartmouth MBA group or whoever it was and saying, Hey, this is a free newsletter. Um, it's read by a bunch of your classmates. Like maybe you would like it. And  that maybe a piece about a startup that raised a Series A wouldn't. Absolutely. And so recently you wrote this piece called the $6 billion Stair. And when I first saw it, I was like, oh, wow, that's like a pretty good headline. I wonder what that's about. I click on it. And then I basically read this really horrific kind of telling of a situation you've been going through recently. So maybe just kind of give us an overview of what exactly happened. Yeah. And I will preface by saying,  So an example from the 2010s is Netflix, right? Like huge amount of growth over this decade. That's a concept that I thought was really interesting and that my collaborator had taken a class about at Columbia Business School. And so we work together to give sort of like a primer on compounders, what they are, a few patterns they might follow, a few characteristics. In general, I think it's like a fun piece because we frame it in the lens of like Jay-Z  for, had ordered him to pressure me to take the article down. And they did that saying that we had relied on, quote unquote, proprietary information. Now, I knew that we had not, but I also knew that my collaborator was in a pretty tough spot. This is a fund he used to work at that he was going to rely on for a reference for a future job. He was out of work at the time. And out of respect for him, I said, I'll take it down, but let's find a solution because  exactly what parts of the article they considered proprietary. And I really did try and find out. So for example, at one point in the article, we talk about how compounders sometimes follow a good to great pattern, simply meaning in the classic Jim Collins sense that they start out good, they undergo some sort of transformation, and they become great. And the partner I spoke to mentioned that that was problematic to them. And when I asked, is it the phrase good to great  the whole section about Good to Great and something else. I just wanted to be over with it at that point. But even after we had agreed to that, they then came back the next day and said, nope, you can't even put the revised version up. And parts two and three of this series that you plan to write, you also can't write those. Even though, I mean, they don't even know what's going to be in them yet. But basically, they wanted me to cease the whole project. And so that was sort of the problem. And I'll take a break there, because I  that is kind of out there and I could understand if it was like an algorithm or a formula or you know something that could give you a specific advantage but when it was more of like a mental framework right it's kind of I don't know it just seemed very out of the ordinary that somebody would try to lock something down because ultimately what ends up happening is like you get the Streisand effect right where like now there's much more attention on this  I think that's exactly what has occurred here. Yeah. And talk a little bit about kind of you write the pieces on sub-stack. Obviously, as you're just starting a business, you've got kind of, you know, we'll call them the bully in the room in terms of this hedge fund that is kind of the, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the,  Put the people behind you and share the facts and people will realize that this is very very silly and undignified behavior from a hedge fund with a great deal of money and I would say that until I actually shared the story on Friday, I was insanely anxious about this and how it would go down not that people would disagree but just that like maybe no one would care and maybe it would annoy them more and like bait them to chase me down  out in full force, shared a million compounder examples, great resources, offered to like chip into a legal fund, you know, just unbelievable. So in hindsight, like, yes, that was the only way to balance the asymmetry was to like, bring the people into it. And so I'm like, you know, it's always annoying when people say they're really humbled by something. But like, this is one of the few times where I'm like, I really do feel pretty humbled by this. This was wild. And like,  a personal learning standpoint as well as a strategic one. And I'd be really curious to hear how you think about this, but when you look at the YouTubers out there that scale audience effectively, most of them rely on collapse, right? Like cross promotion is just so huge for distribution that it makes sense to do it. And so one, I like doing it strategically for that reason. And two, there's so many intelligent, brilliant people out there who are carving their own  And since Ant was coming up, I was like, we should just do a thoughtful teardown of this that hopefully can stand on its own. And so that's what we released today. And hopefully it's an interesting breakdown of a generational business that we just don't have the likes of in the US. It's really unique. What was the biggest surprise as you kind of learned more and more about the business? Was there one kind of takeaway where you're just like, I did not expect this? The scale.  And so and PayPal's you know a behemoth. It's a 200 plus billion dollar company and so for ant to Have reached this scale and and still for I think many in the West to not recognize that Was shocking to me. Yeah, the part two that is so Fascinating is like I think in the United States many founders They kind of stay very focused on the one thing that they're building Maybe you could say like a Google or an Amazon I think it's the point where they can kind of expand paths  It just feels like it's much more ingrained in the everyday person's life than an Amazon would be, right? I think that's totally right. You know, it's by owning the payment channel They're now able to serve customers in all of these other ways. It's the way that you check out on Taobao when you buy something it's also the way that you like buy groceries at your local store to swipe a QR code and You know one of the parts of it that I really loved is that it really initially began as essentially an escrow  spider and morphed into this financial mega company. Um, so it's just, yeah, it's, I think it's Testament one to like the Jack Ma laddering up of products, um, as well as the idiosyncrasies of Chinese tech. Absolutely. Uh, another series that you've been working on is this series around audience and wealth. Talk a little bit about that one and the process behind it. Yeah. I mean, this was really me trying to figure things out for myself. Uh, the generalist is a hundred percent free right now, but  distribution is a really tangible benefit that I can give you and honestly is actually quite differentiated from many VC firms in my view like VC firms are speaking the same language so often that I think most founders can't actually tell what value they bring because they say, you know, we're your first call we're you know, good advice for you We have some portfolio services whereas you can say cool, but I have like 400,000 people following me on Twitter like  Addollars and just giving a casual shout out during a clip Uses those ad dollars as the content itself the 1 million dollars that he gets from the Dragon City game or however much Becomes the prize which he then uses to bring in all of these other users to compete and so it fundamentally changes the dynamic between creator audience and advertiser Advertisers suddenly become part of the content audience members suddenly  kind of audience and the creator, but it also feels like who is a creator is changing as well, right? So we've seen obviously somebody or a company like Substack be able to say, wait, if you're a journalist, you're just as much a creator as anybody else. We've seen YouTube take people, you know, with all sorts of different interests, whether they're very mainstream or niche and say, you're a creator, right? And so talk a little bit maybe about how you see that evolving. Yeah, I think we're seeing essentially the like entrepreneurial  but I'll start a startup and raise a couple million bucks and you know try and grow that but I think we're seeing the creators are now a very legitimate pathway for that sort of ambitious person who recognizes cool. Maybe I don't have one idea that is a software product that I really want to build and want to for 20 million dollars into but maybe I have a passion that I think is commercializable in some way and so I think as a result we're getting like a different source  in this unique kind of new creator or solopreneur type model? The hardest parts are carving out time away from it. I think like when, I mean, this is a very privileged position, but like when you're doing what you really enjoy doing and also when you are reliant only on yourself of whether it works or doesn't work, I think it's really hard to switch off either because you're excited about the project you're working on, you want to just  Man, the creator economy gets a lot of mindshare and a lot of attention because obviously that's what it's aimed to do. But the infrastructure is quite underbuilt for the most part. So I think there's a lot of things that people could do to streamline the creator's life in a really interesting way. And I have a bunch of ideas for any builders out there that want to work on them. I'll probably share them in Work Class for Startups or something like that. What's one or two that you're just like, this is a no brainer. Every person you know would go and use it if they  and can pull out interesting information about those people. So who's the person who responds the most? Who is the person who shares the most? How are people interacting? And then allows you to set up automations for rewarding or engaging with those people. So you can say, cool, the people who always answer the riddle correctly at the end of the general list, like I'm gonna create a special offer of the hardest possible riddles for those people.  So I would love to see some exploration around that. Would you use that? Yeah, I think that the big issue is just I counted one time, you know, on my phone alone, what are all the ways that somebody can communicate with them? There's like 17 platforms, right? That includes, you know, DMs on social media and like all the server stuff. And then two is like, you actually may not realize, especially with like, student anonymous accounts on Twitter, or something like that, you may not realize that the same person who's responding to your email is the person on Twitter. So that's completely lost to you.  You fly a lot. You get points. If you have a lot of points, then you get free flights and you get a better service on the plane and you can board first and all of those types of things. And so I think that, you know, eventually these communities will figure out how to do that. Right now, the people who are doing it well are literally doing it on spreadsheets. Yeah. As we know, you know, being able to productize what something somebody's doing on a spreadsheet has historically proven to be quite valuable. Totally. Yeah. I mean, even the idea that like sometimes someone signs up to  signing up and I'm just like, it's like looking for a needle in a haystack, right? And for me, it's just one less thing I need to do every day, but it's incredibly valuable. So if there was a way to kind of just surface that information quicker, more efficiently, and with accuracy, right? That's the other thing. A lot of times, like people have tried to rank social media accounts or something. It's like, sure, you can do that, but if it's not effective or accurate, then you kind of lose the value proposition of doing it.  nonfiction, I think can be awesome. I think I really care about that part. And so it gives me insane amount of pleasure when I can turn a phrase in a way even about like a Palantir S1, where I'm like, I'm proud of that. Like that sounded good to me. And so I feel lucky that I get to work towards mastery of that, because that's what I'd like to get. Absolutely. Before I wrap up, where can people go and find  with no one on it. There's not been one tweet. There's zero people following. There's no picture. I'm like, please. And I don't even think their name's Mario. Their Twitter handle is like Mauricio or something. I'm really confused by it. But yeah, unfortunately I can't seem to get it. If you work at Twitter and you're listening, help the guy out. Come on. Do me a favor, please. I asked the same two questions to everybody before I let them go. The first one is, what is the most important book that you've ever read?  And so I think that cemented a love in my mind, whether it was true at the time or not. More recently, I would say my favorite books are Invisible Cities by Italo Carvino, which is like every sentence you could spend an hour thinking about for the most part. Disgrace by J.M. Kudzia, which is an amazing account of, well, sort of, not account, a reflection of apartheid in South Africa and just incredibly written. And then I would say The Audubon  that you know exist so yeah, I don't see why not There was there's a really interesting tweet a long time ago from strangely enough a Premier League football or a soccer player Which was it's probably likely that we will interact with aliens Technology before we interact with them because if you think about it That's almost certainly how they would interact with us. And so it's worth wondering like is there any  I guess you asked you, right? Huh? You could ask me one. What do you got? Put you on the hotspot. Okay. What is something that you think is important to know about you that is not visible in early interactions? I don't really think there's anything that is important. The thing that I always say to people, I think that it's the most surprising is they're always asking me like weird questions like, you know, what is your goal? What are you optimizing for? Like all this kind of stuff. And a long time ago,  and that can take many different forms. But when you can do that, you kinda just get to say, I don't care about all the nonsense in life. It's like, look, there's a massive political election going on right now, and if you go on certain TV channels or on certain social media feeds, it literally looks like people are gonna kill each other. They really, really disagree with each other. For me, it's like, I'm paying attention.  surprises people because they don't expect me to kind of think that way. Hmm. Can I ask you one more? Of course. If you could moderate a discussion or debate between two people, who would you choose? Like who do you want to mostly bounce off each other? So I'm going to not answer that only because I probably can't come up with a good answer. But I will tell you one thing that I've always thought would be really fascinating is to get the two presidential candidates to sit down  very quickly like, hey, who's paying attention? Who's listening? Right? Like, have I taken enough time to kind of intellectually be honest and look at both sides or multiple sides of an issue and then come to a conclusion, right? And then you can almost follow it up with like, okay, like why do you disagree with that? And so I just think that we are in this world of like the intellectual debates don't happen, right? It's much more like, you know, name calling and kind of like the salacious who can get the headlines, all that kind of stuff.  I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's  your mind is a superpower. Like that's the only way development occurs. But yeah, for some reason, like even the notion of a political flip flop, right? It's like, well, okay, maybe that person just like change their opinion. That would be good, wouldn't it? Like if they changed it based on evidence, that was probably a good thing. Yeah. And I think that also like flip flopping is a great thing, right? Like there's a good side and a bad side to it, right? So like if you're just simply every time you run for a political office, you're just like pandering to one or another.  you know, kind of 60 second, what's the most salacious clip that we can find and kind of, you know, present that kind of keeps people's attention. The debates, you know, at this point, even with shutting microphones off and stuff are just, I mean, it's just not very effective, right? And so I do think that, you know, kind of going back to like, let's get long form human based discussion, like forget your talking points, you know, explain why could could do the entire country, you know, a pretty good service.  Thanks so much, man. It's been really lovely to be here.