 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Anna here. Thank you so much for doing this. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. Let's jump right into your background. You're a reporter at Reuters today, but kind of what did you do before you started writing about Fintech? Actually, I was I started writing about Fintech seven years ago. So it's been kind of mostly what I've done. I used to work at a paper called Financial News here in London, and it's owned by Down Dome.  about it and then it sort of exploded. And then I moved to Reuters. I'd previously interned at Reuters in Brazil for a bit where I was covering markets. So it was good because I had the sort of finance background, which I think was a good differentiator at the start. Often you have like FinTech reporters who have tech backgrounds. And I think it's important to have the finance understanding to cover this in the right way. Absolutely. And explain a little bit, just like when people hear that you cover FinTech, what exactly does that cover kind of where the boundary  and broader, but it's fun because you can write about central bank digital currencies or then you can move on and write about like FinTech apps for children. It's just like the whole space. Absolutely. And so I wanted to get you to jump on real quick because you broke the news last week that PayPal is jumping into cryptocurrencies. Maybe talk a little bit just about when you started to hear about this and kind of how you got the confirmation that this was actually happening. So I got the confirmation because they spoke to me.  In 2017, early 2017, I interviewed Dan Schulman. It was like a sort of, he came into Reuters and it was lots of reporters and editors and he said, you know, Crip does not have much utility yet. So I really didn't think that they were looking at this. Obviously it's been many years since, but it was still surprising. Although, you know, once I heard more about it, what they were doing, and I thought about it some more, I spoke to people, it kind of made more sense for them to do something like this. Yeah. And explain kind of what exactly are they doing?  send it to your friend who has a Coinbase account, you know? So it's slightly different than what you might expect. But, you know, the massive thing, as I said, is that from the start of early next year or like by mid next year, you'll be able to shop with their merchants. So that could add a lot of utility to Bitcoin. Absolutely. And what I didn't understand kind of when I saw the news break is how big PayPal is, right? So the numbers I read is like 340 million users. It's got 25 plus million merchants.  And so they have partnerships with all the bank, the credit card providers. And so it's not surprising that they would find another way to fund the accounts. It's part of who they are now, like this idea of partnering with more companies and different forms of payments. And yeah, they're massive. I remember when I was writing the story I wrote that they had done, I think, I don't want to make a mistake, but I think it was like around 200 billion in payment volumes in one quarter. And I kept going back to chat because I was like, billion? That's a lot.  about this very carefully immediately as I wrote the story, but they've been trying. So they bought Bemmo, when they bought Brain Tree, I think Bemmo came with it. Again, I hope I'm not making too many mistakes, but it wasn't created by them. It was acquired. So, and Bemmo is free and it's been really popular with everyone. Like it's just, everyone has it in the US, but they doesn't make a lot of money, right? So they've been trying to make it generate some revenue. At the same time, they've seen like increased competition from Cash App and Cash App has been allowing Bitcoin purchases for a while. So it kind of makes sense.  articles don't have these rabid fan basis kind of. So it's very funny. Like when you write a positive, like a story that's not even like, I mean, it's positive for Bitcoin, but I wasn't saying I think it was going to hit the moon. Like it gets so much new followers. And then if you do spend like six months working on an investigation about a crypto project, you just get haters and like your followers decrease. So I think every now and again, I'm just supposed to tweet out a very positive story. Just tweet the word Bitcoin and you'll be a fan.  the price higher up because in effect, there's been many big companies that have tried to give utility to Bitcoin. So Dell was one that I'd spoken to in 2017 and they quietly rolled it back. And then there have been ways to pay with Bitcoin, but there's this big tension between Bitcoin as a way to invest and Bitcoin as a way to spend. So originally the price went up, but then I was speaking to experts in digital payments and many of them were saying, you know what, it's not clear that this will be  And that's what also PayPal was telling me that they're doing it because they want to get and give more utility to cryptocurrencies, but they also want to prepare for when there are central bank digital currencies. And that's sort of what the experts were, some experts were telling me, saying, you know, this is pretty smart because they're positioning themselves ahead of everyone else. If this starts to happen, if, you know, you see the euro, the sort of crypto dollar, the virtual euro, or, you know, then they've already have that integrated within their system. So, yeah.  hearing on the Central Bank Digital Currency Society, either from market participants or maybe even central bankers themselves. So I think they're, everyone's really busy and there are many projects going on, but I have sort of this existential doubt. I don't know if it's, if it's like the blockchain enterprise blockchain projects in early days. I'm trying to figure that out. Is it just, you know, everyone's saying we're doing something out of like New York reaction from Libra, right? They freaked out Libra. Do we want a private social network who maybe had a hand in  One perspective of the world, and you're kind of alluding to this earlier, is like somebody like a PayPal eventually gets everyone a digital wallet inside their system. So whether you're a user, a merchant, whatever, today that's for cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin, etc. But eventually, if central bank digital currencies become real, you already have the infrastructure there. And it almost feels like the switching cost between going from Bitcoin to a central bank digital currency and back, that friction will be so low, and they can use the same infrastructure for everything.  set up now. But they've said that it's sort of a work in progress and they want to have like interoperability between wallets. So I think it all remains to be seen. And also like I'm as I mentioned, you know, I mentioned Libra sort of PayPal was an early was a founding member and they were the first ones to leave. So I wonder how much of this is sort of a reaction to that, right? To you know, they believed in the idea of digital currencies, but they didn't like the way that was going. So they've still decided to go ahead in their own way. Yeah, one of the things I don't know the  kind of decentralized versions. Yeah. And speaking to sort of Dan Schumann from PayPal, he was very much talking about how they've been speaking to regulators. We've been working with regulators, like he said, regulators very many times. And to me, to be fair, I was quite surprised that there were like, I think it was MasterCard, Visa and PayPal were the big financial companies in that because considering how the project was announced, there was very little clarity on, you know, if they'd gotten, if they'd gotten go ahead from regulators, which in the end they hadn't. So I was surprised that  right about Vintech in general, what are some of the other Vintech trends that you're seeing kind of play out as COVID and all of that impact plays? So obviously there's this sort of digital payment side of things, which is partly crypto, but like more broad, you know, there's been a massive upsurge in digital payments and digital banking in general, because of lockdowns globally. So we're seeing more activity there, and more companies sort of growing and also reaching big valuations. And it's generally one of the, I guess,  transformation. And, you know, things that would have taken them a month or two months, they did in like two days. So overall, it's like, I guess it's been great for FinTech. Generally, obviously, there have been areas that are not doing great with like lending. Clearly, it's a bit of a rough moment for lending because, you know, lots of people are having a very tough time. So, you know, people are expecting more loan losses. Absolutely. It feels almost like kind of the financialization of everything is upon  just this digital finance world. So it doesn't matter if you're a Wall Street incumbent, a technology company, a crypto company, like we're all headed to the same place. I think so. I think inevitably slowly it's going to end up being more like that. I think obviously there's always going to need, you will always need a little bit of a physical presence because I mean, for consumers, you think less about it, but if you're a small business and you take cash, I mean, unless cash disappears, but for, for a while you'll still need to have a little bit of an out physical outpost, right? But yeah, it's, I find it,  the winners will be who wins the rebundling, I suppose. And some banks, the bigger ones in the US who have all the money they need to become more digital, they'll probably still remain winners. I don't see them disappearing in the short term, but the smaller FinTech, some of them might not be able to remain sustainable, right? Yeah. It's really interesting too, I think, to think through the geographic boundaries that were really prevalent in the legacy financial world. Those seem to be going away a little bit as well.  other types of tech like TikTok and take over the world and like, I don't even know when they were launched, but you know, Robinhood was supposed to come to the UK, but decided not to, because I think the step of expanding in another country when you're a financial company is just that much harder, right? So it's going to happen, but I think slowly, I think probably what's happening is that globally, we're all becoming more similar in the types of services we use, like everybody's becoming  banking regulations, getting people on board at KYC AML, like, you know, really, really in-depth kind of legacy type stuff. He's like, with Bitcoin, it's immediately available in that new country. Right. And now, yes, there's probably going to be more regulation over time around it. But I think that was a really unique perspective from somebody who's kind of playing in both worlds. Right. He's a big proponent of Bitcoin, but he also understands kind of the bureaucracy and pain of moving a legacy company kind of country by country for expansion. Yeah. I mean, I'm kind of like  the impulse to realize that stuff needs to be a bit more swift and quick and you need to have better ways of doing things, whether that translates in the existing cryptos taking over the world or just new forms of like payments improving, then, you know, that remains to be seen, I guess. Absolutely. Before I let you go, I ask everybody the same two questions and then you'll get to ask me one to finish up. The first one is, what is the most important book that you've ever read? Oh, no, this is very hard.  one of my favorite books. Why did you like that one? I just loved it. I just thought it was like so smart and they could touch on like really important topics, but it was just like love. It was just a lovely read also on top of everything. Yeah, very well written. Yeah. Yeah. Um, I loved, um, Oh, I don't remember the name. It was the one about a journalist and he started working in Silicon Valley for a bit and he was doing content. I think it was disrupted. Maybe it was  One of, in just general Michael Lewis books, I think the early ones. Fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I just like those. They're, they're fun, but they're also about finance. So you learn things. Yeah. He's one of the best for sure. Uh, second question is a little bit more fun, which is aliens. Are you a believer or non-believer? I don't know. I am a believer. I'm a believer. I'm a non-believer until I get to the end of the day.  I would say one of the people I've been fascinated with my whole life and I don't know where this fascination came from is John Rockefeller. I think that would be a really interesting conversation, especially in if we had all of the hindsight clarity that we have now about what he did, how he did it, what he built, how important oil became, kind of, you know, all of that. And then to be able to ask questions, you know, I think that's a really good question.  Yeah, I tend to think that a lot of those early people weren't weren't the biggest fans of kind of centralized planned type of currency. So yeah, or maybe that's my bias just telling me that they would be but but yeah, him JP Morgan, etc. I think, you know, they tend to be a little bit more disruptive and innovative than Yeah, we're where can we send people to find you on the internet or find some of your work? So you can follow me on Twitter at at and