 I'm glad you found my just by Bitcoin tweet and it finally connected us after we have a lot of mutual friends.  And my wife was with me and she was just shaking her head like, dude, shut up. How often does that happen with your wife in a public setting? There's two eye rolls. One is, hey, like really shut up. And the other is just like, you're annoying. And I've pretty much now can decipher the difference. So, uh, so we're good. All right. Same with my, my, my, my girlfriend as well. Whenever I talk about this stuff. So yeah, you know, the feeling, let's talk about your background. You got this crazy background. Uh, you pretty much did everything you weren't supposed to do from normal standards.  the kind of main platforms for sharing music. And a couple of things went viral on YouTube. All of a sudden, some fraternities at other schools wanted to pay me 750 bucks to come play their basement. And that's how I made alcohol money in college. When I was a freshman in sophomore, just DJing around the country, some more things went viral. I attracted attention of an agency, an agent who's now with CAA, which is one of the big agencies. And he helped me build my career to the next level and play festivals like EDC, Ultra,  while maintaining being an independent artist. So I read that you got this idea because you went to Sweden and when you were there, you got exposed to electronic music and it's interesting to me because my thought was always like, oh, if you have this specific genre of music that you're a DJ or a performer or whatever, you just grew up your whole life and like that was your thing. That wasn't your kind of past. Maybe talk a little bit about what was it when you discovered that type of music  said, huh, I should maybe like explore how to be an electronic artist. And it wasn't really that big in the US yet. And my friend, Johan, who is now in sales and training at Morgan Stanley, invited me out to Sweden. And that's kind of when I explored this dance music world and learned about Avicii at the time, you know, was one of my biggest inspirations and inspirations and I was lucky to have met him. And, you know, that changed my life in the sense that I decided instead of channeling this musical effort into a band, like more folk format,  man, I think you should go take a shot at this. Like what was that like? And he, he was the chair of the economics department and we are actually still very close friends today. I see him at least once a year. He's been, he's come out to red rocks in Colorado, which is a huge venue that I've played a couple of times. And he's been like my biggest supporter from day one. And in his mind, he saw the financials and he saw the momentum that was happening organically. And I had him sit down with my parents to convince them finally to let me do this because in his mind, the opportunity cost was just too high.  that some of my friends have gone on to establish really cool companies like Open Door. I mentioned to you earlier, but my friend JD started Open Door with Keith Raboy and I played in his frat baseman. I think that was the first frat baseman I ever played. So I've kind of always had ties to the tech world and to the business world. And I treat my career a lot like a business in that we like to utilize all the tools that technology has provided to get my stuff out there. Yeah. You really use technology to kind of build an audience and a true fan base.  wasn't via torrents and wasn't via iTunes. It was via music blogs and via social media. Facebook and SoundCloud were the primary tools of sharing music across the internet as the social media world began to materialize. What I used to do is we'd post things to my Facebook page, which at the time, if you liked the Facebook page, you saw everything. There was no threshold and distribution back then. We would upload stuff to SoundCloud and post it to Facebook. It would grow or  that's the video they quoted, how they found me through YouTube, through the internet. And so these were like valuable tools for any artist to break at a time when otherwise you'd have to sign a really aggressive record deal. And record deals are very predatory. They, a record label does two things. They provide liquidity for an artist to pursue their dream. And they also provide distribution. In 2020 now and over the past 10 years, that's changed. You can source capital from a lot of different places as an artist.  how are we going to strategically get all this stuff out there to the world and get people excited about it? Yeah. And the idea that a DJ is a business, right? I don't think a lot of people think of this. They think of just how you get your salary and that's it. Talk a little bit about kind of how you've structured the business and what does that look like from the various revenue streams and how you think about growing the business and kind of more of a business owner type mentality. Absolutely. You know, I think, I think because my background is from the financial world, and at least that's what I studied, I approached it that way.  is find a way to get momentum, which is, it's really hard to pass level one for a lot of people, but a lot of people do pass level one. They have a viral TikTok video. They have something that performs well on the internet. After that, it's picking the right people to work with and having that entrepreneurial mindset to see who can create value and where is extremely important. So, you know, one of the people that I brought on early in my career, Kevin, he runs my social platforms, you know, but it's a collaborative effort. It's not like he just, it's not like I'd give it to him to run it. No, like we work on the messaging. We work on the content. We work on it together.  to being not just a business owner, but actually being a startup. Because you have to scale really quickly and you have to look at all these different ways that you can monetize. And then in my case, I reinvest all that money in content creation and production, like lasers and fire at my shows. It's really expensive to do that stuff. Our last tour, I mean, our last tour cost mid six figures just on the actual production and the lights to create these experiences for fans that they'll never forget. And so in order to produce those kind of shows,  I can still make stuff that people enjoy. Yeah. And then how do you think about like, obviously the music, uh, I think people would say, okay, you make music that there's like streaming platforms, there's the IP around the music, um, and you can go touring, but it's also this weird thing of like, there's a celebrity factor. There's kind of other things that you can be doing. Have you kind of thought through where the line is for a DJ? Like, is a DJ still a DJ and that's all they could do? Or does it kind of blend into more of like you're a creator, you're a influencer, you're,  is through my music, which is my form of messaging. There are a lot of artists that have built like huge brands, like Marshmello, for instance, who is purely influencer, figurehead, icon. But a lot of DJs are more like, they have huge followings that are really dedicated, but they don't have the biggest social platform. So an example of this is Rufus DeSaul, who Headline and Coachella were supposed to this year, they did last year, I forget. Rufus DeSaul, huge electronic artists. They only have 3 million monthly listeners on Spotify.  So my goal is to, how do I make those 2 million people that are listening feel the most? And that's like my number one goal. At the same time, doing partnerships with other brands and exploring other creative avenues is really interesting as well. So I work with a lot of Tik tokers on dance videos to help promote my music because a lot of young people are watching these dance videos. And so it's something that we're thinking about as I create new content. But yeah, I think the line is blurred for a DJ right now. It's not the conventional notion of like a wedding DJ or a disc jockey,  and kind of how the business would evolve? Yeah, man. That's the most important question of the day. I've said this to a lot of people. I started when I was 19, I'm 29, I'm going to be 30 in a couple of months here in January. And after a decade of being on the road, I have to say I'm thankful for a little bit of a break, because I probably wouldn't have taken one. I want to make the fans happy. I want to be out there. I have such a love for giving energy back to the world with music. But in that process, I tell people I don't  press for a couple of months. I couldn't really motivate myself to do anything. I didn't really know what to do. I had all this extra time. And as time went on, I started to realize that this opening came pretty suddenly. And I've had an interest in the cryptocurrency space for a very long time. I've been involved in that space for a long time because of my background in finance, because I've always been fascinated with this idea of disintermediating the entertainment industry and giving power back to creators. And so come March,  like designs and issuing it in the form of an NFT. And, you know, it's fascinating. And you know this because you've been very heavily involved in the space. There's a lot of value in a digital certificate of authenticity for art. It's no different than a physical piece of art where a painter has spent hours and hours and hours of time designing it. And then one person gets to have the painting, right? You can still find the painting on Google. You can still find those Picassos and those Andy Warhols on Google. The amount of time that we put into this digital art,  Yeah, we can rewind. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll try to go through that really quickly as well. I met the Winklevoss twins in Mexico on spring break in 2013 or so right after I'd started. It was with Avicii actually, I was opening for Avicii at a club and just befriended them. They're awesome guys. Obviously their whole story of finding Bitcoin and Ibiza, right? They love dance music. They invited me to stay with them in LA for a little bit of time. It was like drink Grammy week the following year. And that's when they were building Gemini.  financial world and also apply to the music world. Number one, banking the unbanked. There are so many people that don't have access to storing value. They've worked hard in their lives and they have no means of actually saving that value that they've created because the next day their government could print more of it. Anything could happen. And even in places like India, it's so hard to even get access to a bank account. These are things that we don't think about a lot in the United States. So that was the first major value proposition that rang some alarms in my head. And I was like, this is really important. I have to pay attention to this. The second thing  How like it's 2020, how does this not exist yet? Or at the time, you know, 2015, 2016. And then the final thing I realized is there are all these rent seeking middlemen in music and in entertainment and in all types, all forms of the world that take a fee on things they probably shouldn't be taking fees on because the internet makes the relationship between the consumer and the creator or the consumer and the supplier way more direct. And so, you know, even in the music space with royalties, right? We have all these contracts. There's a lag in pen and pen.  not just the financial world, but the entertainment world and so many other things. Yeah. It's really, really crazy to me that when you hear it and it hits and you're like, oh, wait, this is why it's so valuable. People go from, I didn't understand any of this to immediately up to speed. I mean, it's just, you just get pulled down the rabbit hole, right? And so you obviously were able to do that. You learned from two of the best people to do it and had the most skin in the game and Cameron and Tyler. And then when did you kind of come across the NFTs  And one venue that has always historically been the fastest onboard of the mainstream to a new technology is art. It's like it's porn and it's art. That's what people say, right? So it's really interesting that through my journeys in cryptocurrency, there's always been this kind of huge barrier to entry, whether it's the process of buying Bitcoin, buying Ethereum, or it's using MetaMask, which is for someone new, very difficult.  You know, without, I mean, just buying a painting. There isn't really, you buy merch from a musician, you support them by seeing a show, you stream their music, but when you're streaming their music, you're not like thinking to yourself, oh, I'm supporting that artist by streaming their music. No, it's one directional. It's like, I get to enjoy this music. You don't have a relationship with the artist. So we started experimenting with NFTs and we launched our first batch with a company called Block Party that I've worked with and advised for a couple of years. And what I noticed is it creates such a personal relationship with collectors, people who are buying  people were going crazy. Wow, I have this blast on that no one else has heard. And that got me thinking about this idea that media doesn't have to be available to everyone. Media can be exclusive and there's value in people having access to a song or piece of art or even just ownership of that art. There's so much value there that's just never been explored before because we've been trained that music and art should be widespread. So this is what got me into like doing more NFT stuff. So we did this first launch and we did another launch with  Someone comes over your house, you have a digital frame and someone says, what's that? You're like, oh, it's this art that I like. Okay. It's this art that I own. I supported this artist in making this piece that's on my wall. People want to be able to say that. And so I've really started diving into this idea of like what it means to create content that might be available to everyone, but that is exclusive to a few. And it already exists in the physical world. I don't want to rant too much about this, but like when you buy a pair of Yeezys, a fake pair of Yeezys and a real pair of Yeezys,  from the gaming world, and that's a whole other, you know, we can get that's a whole conversation in and of itself. It's not that foreign, but it feels kind of weird to someone new. And just like with Bitcoin, with other cryptocurrencies, once it clicks, you're like, Aha, I get this. I want to support the artists that are making digital art because they're spending just as much time on the digital art as a physical artist is spending on a painting. Yeah. And it's pretty crazy to me too, because part of the digital art, like if you just compare what I'll call analog art or traditional art to digital art, there's  motion, artistic kind of creativity. So talk through a little bit about just like how you think about, you know, to me, it's like being a non-artist, like multiple inputs to the experience, right, of viewing the art or kind of experiencing it. You've guided just a couple of these conversations in the past, haven't you? You're very good at guiding this. I was just about to go there and I appreciate that you mentioned that, you know, art in the physical space can only be experienced in one way. You see it.  and super rare. But in the future, I imagine, you know, when the world opens back up, you go to a music festival and if you come to my stage and you see the visuals that are on my screen behind the stage, if you were in there at that moment, you can take your smartphone out, scan a QR code, and you get a limited edition NFT that is your proof of memory of that, of experiencing that. And that's so powerful. It's incredibly powerful. I mean, that's one way that it manifests, but there are other ways that it manifests as well.  And that's something that I'm exploring really heavily now and getting really excited about. But like you said, it's the first type of art that's truly multidimensional. And it's been kind of devalued in the sense that people think you could just go on the internet and find it. But no, the fans and the listeners and the people that appreciate art, they actually really want to be the owners of it. They want to own it. And we're just starting to see these trends. And I mean, you personally, I mean, you've supported an artist like Fyautious who's exploded in the past year.  and they love art because it's a great store of value, right? And if they're intelligent about from a financial investment standpoint, it can appreciate, right? And so if you think that traditional art has all of those things in the analog world, what the hell do you think is gonna happen in the digital world? And we're talking about our market opportunity right now that's like literally measured in the single digit, you know, millions of dollars. You're telling me that's not gonna be worth billions, if not over a trillion dollars in the future? Of course it is. So funny you mentioned the art market, I think is over 80 billion annually.  other collector community understands it. And we have things like these Samsung digital frames, which look awesome. I mean, right now they're not on, but I actually have pieces displayed on screen behind me. And right next to them, I have a piece of physical art, right? And so like, there's no reason why people in their homes and in their personal spaces, they can't display the art that they're proud of. And some of this digital art, like you said before, it can bend dimension in ways that physical art can't. There's something called them, and I don't know if you know about this too much, but have you heard of O.P. art?  Are you going to one day turn around and no longer be a DJ and only an artist or kind of what's the what's the master plan here? Yeah, so I think that's a great question man. You're so good at these follow-ups. It's it's incredible. Um, I I just had this conversation with a friend I'm gonna be 30 right in thinking about my life I've thought well the last 10 years of my life were incredible I got to make music I got to travel the world meet a lot of fans play a lot of music and I'm still gonna do that in the future, but  second goal, explore the digital art world and experiences digitally in a way that are completely new and exciting to users and to listeners, create these new experiential environments that like haven't ever existed in the past. And of course leverage blockchain technology to distribute and to access that world. And the final thing that I'm working on, that we can chat about another time is giving the public the ability to invest in music, literally a lot of the time.  And also, you know, give the public the means of investing in music assets. I love it. That's awesome. Before I let you go, ask the same two questions to everybody. And then you get asked me when to finish up. The first one is what is the most important book that you've ever read? The Intelligent Investor. Why? It gave me perspective on how to manage my capital long-term in a way that I hadn't had. And I had probably only been thinking short-term prior to reading that book. And so it gave me away long-term.  We find them, they don't find us. Oh boy. Yeah. Yeah. You can ask me one question to wrap it up. What do you got for me? Oh man. Who is your favorite artist either in music or in the digital art space right now? Digital art, Fauocious, obviously. We've been pretty clear that we're big fans there and obviously commissioned a couple of pieces and just generally think,  I was going to say that there's basically a fight a rattle off a bunch. It's like biggie, NWA, Jay Z. You know, you just go down the list of a bunch of great artists, but those would those would definitely make the list. So listen, man, thank you so much for doing this. I really appreciate it. I think people will learn a lot. And obviously you've got kind of these parallel paths now, both on the on the music side and the art side. So I'm cheering for you. And we'll definitely have to do this again in the future. Yeah, dude. Thanks. Thanks for having me.