 What did you do before you started all these media sites?  And on the side, some high school friends and I had started this sports website. And it was just like a total passion project. Like, hey, we have an idea for a sports website that we would wanna see in the world. So we were working on it and eventually it kinda got to the point where I was like, well, I can keep taking abuse from the agents or I can go work on this thing on my own. And we went all in and I started Bleacher Report.  And then my co-founder Brian, who now runs BDG where I'm at, he was like, hey, what about Bleacher Report? And we're like, we don't hate it. So we're like, we'll keep it on the list. And he said, oh, well, the domain's available. I can buy it for 10 bucks. So I'll just get it so we have it. And then if we come up with anything better later, we'll just have that in reserve. And it stuck. I love it.  And this is like, you know when all the the you know web 2.0 companies had ridiculous names like Zingo and stuff and who figured that's where it would end up and we just kind of you know resisted that that effort and and You know stuff with Leach Report and I'd say worked out. Yeah, it worked out pretty well Talk a little bit about kind of when you guys started this there's a lot of things in media today that didn't exist or weren't popular So kind of going and building a website was that was what people did?  So, you know, we weren't like swimming in savings, but you know I've had some leftover bar mitzvah money and stuff like that that you know, we we put to work and and You know when it was just a side project We weren't paying ourselves salary. We didn't have much many expenses. We we outsourced the development To just like a friend of a friend like we weren't engineers. We had no idea how to build a website we outsourced the development to a friend of a friend who Ran like a dev shop, which I'm pretty sure was just like all  that allows us to get it out there and start building a community, building an audience. And then we kind of kept it going. Once we quit our jobs, we got friends and family to help out and put some money in, I think, less than six figures just to help float us. And I moved back in with my parents and we got a small windowless office  You know to come build like a custom rails app and launch like the first real version of a bleacher report in maybe six months And then we went out and tried to raise money around it and you know this was like I remember at the time like reading from some of the first articles that the ball was writing on venture hacks and things like that and like You know, it was like super early days. There's no playbook for how you raise money as an early founder  comwave and and you know kind of put together their own fun to fund early stage companies and you know, they you know bought into our pitch they believe in what we were doing and they put About a million and a half in and that you know kind of got us started as you know as a company But we stayed super scrappy in those early years because you know we were we were young we didn't need much to survive and you know, we You know, we're trying to kind of make it make it last as long as possible  But I remember there was this famous segment in the sports media world on, I think it was on Real Sports on HBO in the early days where Buzz Bissinger was going just crazy over sports blogs and Will Leach from Deadspin and talking about how those guys were the worst thing that had ever happened to sports media.  we kept building towards the vision that we wanted and all of a sudden the tables started to turn and the quality went up, we started to bring in more of the sports media establishment was recognizing what we were doing. We brought out a couple executives to join the team who came from Fox Sports, Brian Gray, who was phenomenal, Rich Collache, who came from CBS Sports, our chief revenue officer. It really helped to  Time Warner had recently spun out Time Inc. So Time Inc. spun out as its own public company and Time Warner kind of got out of that part of the business. Sports Illustrated was part of Time Inc. That was like the sports property that Time Warner owned that they had kind of digital rights to and all of a sudden they didn't have that anymore. And so they were looking to kind of fill that hole in their portfolio.  a big go after ESPN strategy. But it's one of those offers you can't refuse. And we decided to consider selling the company and things just led to fruition from there. Absolutely. And so as you think of it today, the media landscape has shifted quite a bit. And maybe let's just start with, if you guys were to rebuild Bleacher Report today, what do you think is  in general recently. Obviously the rise of subscription and paid subscription has been huge. I think the athletic was early on that and a lot of other people, New York Times on down have been going all in on that. So I could see that as a route and then the rise of the individual creator, the pomps of the world, so to speak. And Bleacher was part of that. Obviously Bleacher empowered  like the best individual creators out there in sports and kind of bringing them together on some platform where, you know, maybe some of it's paid, some of it's free. But, you know, I think kind of that that core piece of like empowering a community, empowering people to create, you know, kind of owning the relationship. You know, I wrote wrote recently on on my site about how, you know, Pleasure Report really went all in on email newsletters early on. And that was like a huge game changer.  I think it's one of those things that I get interesting reactions to. Some people are like, yeah, that's obvious. Of course you want to build your direct relationship to your audience. Sometimes you need to say the obvious things because not everyone realizes them or what seems obvious isn't as apparent to everyone else. So there's definitely been an era of media companies chasing  on other platforms. Bleacher has been dominant on social for a long time. And looking back, I think in some ways, it's been given credit for the wrong reasons for its success. And I think one of the keys to success was owning that audience relationship through the newsletters and then the Teamstream app. And so I think we're going back to that time where the scale at all costs is just  thinking about monetizing in different ways. And there's so many more paths to success there, versus going to the go big or both go home strategy. Yeah, and it feels also like because some of the changes to building the audience that owning the relationship, it's also changed the funding environment. You don't see as many companies going out and raising these really large rounds on the media side. You've got everyone from the morning brews on down. How do you look at that?  you know the well-publicized struggles of these these overly funded digital media companies that raise a ton of money and Just couldn't get profitable, you know couldn't grow to live up to expectations. They were being you know being given funding rounds at That kind of tech venture valuations, but you know media lives on a on a different spectrum and you know you look at the Mashable you look at mic.com and  quickly and realize that you can run a profitable, efficient media business if you aren't shooting for 100 million uniques and 100 million in revenue. And you might get there over time, but you can do it organically. And you know, I, uh, early on, I met like Sam Parr from the hustle, uh, and became an advisor investor to him and he's, he's raised maybe a million bucks and like, they're doing fantastic. And they've just been incredibly scrappy and focused on building the audience.  those kind of results are few and far between. Yeah. And I think that now we're starting to see media companies figure out other monetization methods as well. Right. So we talked a little bit, you used to be ad supported. Now you've got kind of subscriptions. We're also seeing merchandise. We're seeing all kinds of products. Like it just feels like when you don't have that venture funding, you have to focus more on revenue and profitability. What are you seeing on that front? Yeah, I think that's the lack of venture funding and the shift in, you know, you have to  or the primary metrics that most investors are going to care about for me to be able to raise my next round. What has changed is that with that venture funding going away, you can focus on different things. There were revenue streams I didn't focus on early on because I didn't feel like they were going to be impactful enough to be able to convince a big VC firm to come in for the next round. So I think that's, it just changed the whole strategy and the whole dynamic and led to people being a lot  to get bigger advertising deals. Yeah. In terms of kind of when you see the audience development now, you were talking about uniques earlier, is that maybe not as important kind of moving forward and it's more of like how deep the relationship is with a smaller number or how do you kind of think about some of those metrics, whether it's for investors, it's for advertisers, or just understanding the health of these media businesses, right? What are those metrics that you think now are important? Absolutely. Absolutely. Uniques,  leads this vicious cycle where you have to keep growing to be able to make the money, but as you grow, the goal keeps getting pushed further away. And meanwhile, you're not profitable. So that's a problem. And I think even in advertising, Facebook and Google have also shown there's so much more advertising out there beyond those Fortune 100 brands. And the smaller advertisers, the direct-to-consumer product brands, they're willing to spend money with  or spending tens and hundreds of millions of dollars on brand advertising to make sure you remember to buy their product. But there's a lot to be said for this more direct response, performance driven advertising, where you're actually getting someone to click and buy a product. And in today's world with e-commerce as big as ever and just taking over, that's just gonna become bigger and bigger. So email is such a great way  and now the big media companies are learning from that. So if you were a YouTube creator and you were getting paid $1 or $2 CPMs on YouTube and 80% of your videos end up getting demonetized anyways, you just have to come up with other ways to make money. And so whether it was merchandise, affiliates, all that kind of stuff became really popular and very, very profitable for those folks. Then you give it to a large media company and you're like, okay, I'm gonna give you a video.  campaigns, which is still very much a strategy that's alive and well, but it's become kind of table stakes. Everyone does it. So it's not really that differentiated. I think the bigger trend that we're seeing is just these individual creators becoming their own media brands and rivaling the old school traditional media companies and thinking about it. Hey, if I'm a tech advertiser, should I be spending my money on an old school tech site like Wired or Gizmo?  So are we going to kind of start to see that develop with these these digital creators where they they build out larger horizontal media companies or or are we going to see either kind of mergers or like closer joint ventures tie-ups where where the creators kind of blend in with the media companies or media companies get more focused on building out their own suite of creators as opposed to really focusing on  got a sub stack. But the reality is that's in like the Twitter echo chamber and the vast majority of people are not not feeling like they're over inundated with newsletters and probably haven't even heard of the maybe even the top 10 people on sub stack, let alone the other thousands of people who are trying to to kind of build there. And I think that's that's kind of led to just a more similar podcast, a more intimate  Magazine era then the cable cable TV era then then the digital publishing era now now we're seeing it with with newsletters and creators so I think I think that's kind of the the the area that I'm really honed in on is What's going to be the inflection point for newsletters or creators? What are the enabling technologies that are really gonna allow them to build their business build their audience? And you know, I'm I'm super curious to see how it all turns out  the right creator and they would have figured it out with or without the playbook or maybe is it kind of both? Like some people will be really, really good and really big because they know the playbook and they're prolific, but also that you'll have people who have a very niche audience and you know, it's only a hundred or 500 people, but in that specific niche of the world, they're the thing. How do you think about that? The number one thing in media and probably in anything in life is consistency. It's just showing up day in, day out, even when it's not working, even when it's not working.  more but you will find the audience that that you you resonate with whether it's a hundred people or 10 million people and I think that's that's that's the number one thing and It's it was true a pleacher for it was true. It's true for the other brands I've built and you know, I think a lot of people will just they'll they'll try it out and they'll give up after a certain amount of time because it's not for them or You know get discouraged or they'll get hooked into something else  And I actually, in some weird way, always tell people it's persistence because consistency just means like, hey, you're doing it every day. And that's actually like the correct term. But this word persistence is much more like, you've got to do it, right? Like if you're going to be the creator, you've got to be the persistent one. And that leads to the consistency. So it's interesting to kind of watch, I think, as a person who's doing it every day.  It's not working, they just give up. It doesn't make sense. Yeah, definitely. And look, there's both a qualitative and a quantitative reason that you need to put in that many reps. Just by doing it, you get better. You recognize your flaws or you just develop better sense, better skillset, better sensibilities, and it takes time and repetition to do that. And then the other part is every,  get and like and and this is what I can uniquely deliver to them and you just need to do that hundreds of times thousands of times maybe in order to get enough a Large enough data set to really start to make some of those those observations. Yeah, it also feels in some weird way a comfort level as well so it's like you can kind of learn to all stuff but also it's very uncomfortable for people to write or to tweet a lot or to  And to me, like that is the biggest argument for just like you got to do for a long period of time because like you're saying like anything else, you just have to improve at it. Right. And it just feels like that's kind of a lost piece of it. Everyone focuses on like, what am I saying? But if you actually look at like the best people, it's how you say it, it's when you say it, it's delivery. I mean, like every comedian, right. If you go talk to them about like stand up comedy, they'll say, look, the joke is half what we're saying, but it's everything else that makes it just as funny. And I think that's what kind of  don't like what I have to say. I had those worries. I still have those worries when I go and do something like this. And I wrote something on my site about imposter syndrome and dealing with that. And I think it's something that we all feel. But you think about, OK, maybe it was Jerry Seinfeld would bomb for years and years before he achieved success. Does anyone go back and dig up those old routines of Seinfeld's to pick them apart? No, no one cares.  of looking forward, what about audio? We haven't talked too much about that. Like how do you see audio and podcasts playing into a lot of this? So yeah, I mean, audio is something that I don't have an answer for. Like I'm still figuring out. I'd love to know what you learned through it. I would say among the most challenging mediums to build an audience for, at least in my experience, it definitely requires  people onto a podcast. I love to learn how you built yours. I know we have some podcasts at Inverse and Input that we launched earlier this year. I think they're great. We have 25 plus million people visiting those sites every month and a lot of people subscribe to our email newsletters. We're still trying to peel away people by the dozens to come listen to the podcast and just get them to subscribe. I know Morning Brew has had similar experiences  plus people on the email list. And when they're like, Hey, the podcast like cross selling is really hard. And what I think ends up happening is like, it's also how hard you push it. Like for me, because it's my name, I can push it really hard, right? But Hey, if you like what I write, like, come listen to this interview, right? And the common denominator there is a person versus a brand saying like, Hey, if you like our one product, like you like our other product, right?  There's not a lot of downloads and we're kind of scratching our head like huh, you know Why do you think that happened and you know everyone starts throwing out their opinions and you start realizing like there's no science going on here, right? Like this is yes is complete estimation or guesstimations in terms of what's going on and You realize very quickly like hey It's hard to grow if everyone's just sitting around guessing all the time, right? Whereas with email or anything like you know, if you do something it worked or didn't work it had the  leveraging multiple podcasts or guests, certain things like that, which can be a great strategy. But yeah, it's a lot more of anyone's guest type medium. Absolutely. What are you doing now? So I'm at BDG Media. They acquired Inverse a little over a year ago. So Inverse as a company, I started about five years ago after selling Bleacher Report.  innovation portfolio. So we focus, we're the side of the company that focuses more on tech and culture and, and, you know, some of these other other topics. So I've been building that out. I've been working with, with Josh Topolsky of, you know, the founder of the verge and, and, you know, fame from, from tech media on growing that and, and continuing to build that inverse, which has just grown tremendously since, since we joined the company.  Not necessarily throw my hat in the ring but experience it firsthand and I've been been writing weekly essays on everything from the the strategies that we used at Bleacher Report to lessons from the media world to you know, just just general personal essays So so yeah, they've limits calm and and then at David Nimitz on Twitter It's fantastic man, and the the essays are very good. So please keep writing them because thank you There's a bunch of people who are learning from them  and how I think about the world. And I've been in my recent more adult days, doing a lot of reflection in the quarantine world and trying to think about how to have the right mindset and right approach to everything from raising a family to pursuing new goals. And that's a book that's just helped me stay very, very centered in a lot of that. I love that answer. Second question is more fun.  trip with my family for later this year. And Roswell in New Mexico is definitely on the list of stops. I made sure of that. So, yeah, I'm all in on the aliens. I hope they come soon. Do your kids ever ask about the aliens? Like, do they understand Roswell and kind of, is there excitement there? Or are they basically going to be like, dad, why are we driving so far out of the way? Yeah, I know my five-year-old. She'll be very into it. She loves space.  where would you love to take it? Products. I mean, I think that there's a ton of people who, and I've talked about it before, like the Joe Rogan deal or else, you know, other types of deals. And they're like, oh, you know, I can't believe they did that type of licensing deal or whatever. To me, it's like, that stuff is the small details. It don't matter nearly as much as just like, how are you monetizing, right? And how you monetize  building an audience is so low that you can actually go build the audience and then figure out the products. Right. I think that's, you're going to see more and more of that. I don't necessarily have like some grand plan, but I just think like that's an interesting kind of thread to pull on. And I think more and more people kind of in my position will start figuring it out. Obviously the really, really large creators, you know, if you consider Kylie Jenner, Kim Kardashian, Kanye West, like those folks have done it. But if you can look at like a day  And of course you're seeing that with big creators and celebrities. And yeah, I think, you know, you, you, you build the community, you build the audience, you build the relationship. Then you use that as your R and D to figure out what they want and how you can serve them. And I think, yeah, there's that strategy works. It works. Works very, very well. Listen, Dave, thank you so much for doing this. I think people really, really enjoy kind of all the content you're putting out. And obviously you've got a lot of people who are