 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Zubin here. Super excited to have him come on. I am a small investor in the company he's building, but he's a fascinating guy. So thanks so much for doing this, man. Thanks for having us. I really do appreciate it. Yeah, let's jump right into your background. I think that you're building a technology company today, but you've got kind of a unique background for somebody doing that. So maybe walk us through.  literally not having a credit score, having to eat Snickers at night when I was waiting for my paychecks to come through all very true stories. And then fast forward, I guess more than a couple of a decade plus later, I want to use that experience and my learnings to actually help solve what unfortunately is a very deep problem in our country. Yeah. And I think when most people hear finance and Wall Street and banks and all this stuff, they usually think of a very specific type of consumer. They usually have disposable income. They're making investments kind of it's something that maybe you would find on Twitter or  100 million Americans, the wealthiest country in the world, has 100 million Americans living paycheck to paycheck. And what that fundamentally means is that they are living in financial stress. Can you imagine having to go to McDonald's for an example and having to check your bank account to make sure you don't overdraft and pay a crazy fee? So literally our user base is that 100 million Americans making approximately the average amount. They're spread throughout the country. California is the largest state with Texas in terms of the number of users and guess what the population and the average American  Yeah, sure. Look, financial stress, right? So our goal here is to target what we can do to help people reduce their financial stress. The name of the company is Bridget, which basically means you want to bridge your gap between your financial now and your financial future. So what are the main reasons why this segment of the population actually has that financial stress? It's pretty simple. If I'm getting paid in two or three days and my bills come today, that's a serious worry, right? I want to make sure I have money to pay my bills quite frankly. If I have kids, I want to make sure I'll be able  We have 30 million Americans approximately spending almost $1,000 a year in these fees on average. It is insane. So that kind of fees really add up. And we've seen in our user base, we've helped our users save about $500 annually in those fees. But whether it's late payment fees, overdraft fees, all of that caused by financial stress is a problem. The second thing that is important for our user base is eventually being able to save. And 60% of the country has less than $500 in their fees.  I remember you kind of talking through when we first met was you said, look, uh, the craziest part is that the top four banks, I think it was like $8 billion off overdraft fees. Uh, but what happens is they're not necessarily overdrafting people who quote unquote don't have the money. It's just that they don't have the money on the right day. Right? So it's, it's for people sitting at home who are kind of wondering, well, what do you mean? It's something where, uh, on the 13th I go grocery shopping on the 14th, my car payment hits on the 15th, my Netflix hits and I, um, and, uh, I don't get my paycheck till it clears  we can get multiple overdraw fees and an overdraw fee in the US on average is $35 in one day. Like we've got our user, we've got over a hundred thousand users who spent over a thousand dollars in overdraw fees just last year. And exactly as you put it, it's kind of a penalty for not having money at that point in time with your bank. And the penalty is not a dollar here and there like, oh, we'll help you out. The penalty as I pointed out is $35 per transaction. And it's very easy to have multiple transactions or multiple fees in the same day.  the sequence of transactions in order to increase the probability of overdrafts and just some like very nefarious type stuff. And so it just seems like this is a problem that most people don't even, aren't even aware that that's what the banks are doing. Yeah. I mean, look, the reality is we have government agencies that are meant to protect us from that. Unfortunately, banks are sneaky, especially, well, I don't want to call out anyone, but I'll call them out. You use an example of rescheduling or re-chairing.  loans, et cetera, all day long, the fact that it is quite frankly a tax for the average American versus people who are well off is just fundamentally wrong. And the profit margins for these banks on overdraft fees in particular are absolutely through the roof. We think it's closer to 80, in many cases, 90% profit margins, which really shouldn't exist in the world that we live in. Yeah. Let's talk a little bit about Bridget and the product you guys have built. Maybe walk us through kind of, if I'm at the average consumer, I know that I've been getting hit with these overdraft fees  over 10 years, almost standard for many content. At that point in time, we evaluate your spending patterns and we were able to either, and we don't use credit scores, very important because we pointed out part of the financial stress is people not having good credit scores. And at that point in time, you can actually request for up to $250, assuming you're qualified. And that's sent into your bank account within two to three minutes if you so want. We, unlike other companies, also have one additional feature where you just turn on the app and the feature.  payment fees, there's no transfer fees, there's never an additional fee. But besides access to the capital or those automated advances that I just talked about, we have budgeting tools that'll help you when you have money in your account budget and extend it out in a more responsible manner. We give you financial insights, very targeted personalized tips on what you can do to actually maybe save a little bit of money or quite frankly earn a little bit of money as well through our jobs application. And given COVID, what we saw was we saw a lot  is like the technology you're building is you really are having, one, a holistic view of these users, right? They don't have 10, 20 different bank accounts and investment accounts and all this stuff. They literally are living paycheck to paycheck with a single account. You have a view into that. And so you can be very, very accurate with understanding their spending patterns, the probability that they're going to go and swipe their card before they get their paycheck. All of these things that as you get better and better over time, for 10 bucks a month,  that per se, but that's a fundamental game changer on what you can do with the time and mental well-being. You can actually budget better. You can actually go through financial classes or spend more time with your kids in a stress-free manner. If that's not worth 10 bucks, don't forget we have those other features. I'm not sure what is. And to add a little bit more color, according to the Omidyar Network, which is a philanthropic research organization, according to their numbers, we're saving our users $500 a year.  other products you guys may go build or other areas of that financial stress that you think can be solved with technology? Yeah. Well, I mean, again, so I don't want to give away too much, but let's just talk about our overall use. Right. Again, I hate to say this. This is most of us in the country. We are living in this massive state of financial stress. By the way, 80% of Americans are in a constant state of financial stress. That impacts our job. It impacts our overall mental health, et cetera, et cetera. So subsequently, what are the areas that we can target that can  manner to continue to save and that's important for their own well-being. How does that relate into actually helping them build their credit scores? That's another area that we will definitely be focused on in the future. Financial literacy is absolutely key. We're fortunate to have some well-known investors, including Will Smith and Ashley Kutcher and Kevin Durant, and they've all signed up to do some content for us, again, personalized for our user base. So we're looking forward for that in 2021. Absolutely.  as well, right? So it's one thing to build technology products and say, hey, here you go. This is going to save you money or whatever. But also I know that you guys have done a bunch of work around just like, how do you actually educate these folks? Are you talking about budgeting tools and some of this other stuff and how important that education is to drive people to change behaviors or do the things that can get them in a good position? Yeah, I mean, our thesis is financial education and literacy unsurprisingly is fundamentally key, but you can't force feedback to people, right?  particular item and you yourself and personalized believe that items is an extra piece that is more luxury item, we politely remind you that, remind you of that. There are other situations, especially what happened with COVID, where we'll give you specific insights about your own spending. So for example, in the event that you had potentially lost your job or were in volatile territory, we would literally know that you had an AT&T account or in my case, a T-Mobile account and pop up a piece of content and say,  Another example is actually when you get paid. So a lot of people don't realize this, that they can actually change their pay schedule from instead of getting paid randomly on a Wednesday to a Friday, that actually might have a fundamental improvement overall in terms of normalizing their income and being able to pay bills better and on time. Yeah, it's absolutely incredible. And I think that the description you've used around this like financial health app, right? Where you literally are taking a holistic view of  and some of the economic impact played out? Sure. I mean, in terms of thought differently, I mean, the reality is obviously this is a pandemic and most of us are going through pandemic for the first time, but we have gone through economic shocks before, even in my lifetime, multiple times. So what's happened for us in many cases is that this has just been an accelerant and a reprioritization of certain things. So, for example, for us is that we were very focused on building content, as we just talked about, and continue to be. We just had to accelerate more actionable pieces of content early.  in any macro environment that we've seen or we've gone through the boss, the prioritization of what needs to get done when that indeed has changed. Yeah. It's pretty, it's pretty crazy. In terms of the pitch to, to users, so people who are listening to this who may be part of the user base that could, could benefit from this, what's essentially the pitch that you have for them? It depends on the user, but, but in short, make sure you have cash when you need it. We don't look at FICO scores. In fact, anytime you have the level of stress that you think you're going  standpoint, any kind of needs there, whether it's hiring or financing or anything like that? Yeah, fortunately on the financing side, we've got great investors like yourself. So I appreciate that. And, and also the advice you give us. So I think we're good on the financing side. I think hiring great talent is always, is always hard and very important to us. The only reason why we've had some level of product market fit and been able to help over like almost 2 million users at this point in time is because of the great team.  This is a really hard one. Can we go to the second question? I'll come back. Okay. The second one's more fun. Aliens, believer or non-believer? Let's put it this way. And it's also a question of how you define aliens. I am not arrogant enough to believe we're the only life form in this vast, vast universe. Hopefully that gives you an answer. I'm not saying Area 51 or not,  I love that answer. It's a, it's like the personal impact it has on you. Right. And I think that's the part that's always so hard to, uh, to kind of quantify or explain for people. And, you know, just thinking about it, I'm getting goosebumps just going through the story in my head because look, it was also not set that far from New York and quite frankly, in the city I love, which is New York city. That's awesome. You get to ask me one question to finish up. What do you got for me? What do we do to make our country a better place?  unveil this brand new thing that Zubin thought up in the shower and now he's gonna go and tell all the users they should use it, it's little things like, can you remove one click, right? Can you change the color scheme? All the things that seem small end up making a huge difference in the user experience and you guys really know that but that's usually the answer, Shreyd. We appreciate you reminding us. Sometimes it's easy to forget. It's doing 50 things, 50 times over. That's where you find the big improvements over a period of time.  listening to it. Zoom in. Thank you so much for doing this. I think people are really going to enjoy it. Sounds great.