 What's your favorite part of the show?  intern. I got that through basically writing them a letter as a kid and it was kind of like the movie big. So I used to go out to Burbank and work on theme park attractions and I did that from basically 15 to 20. So that was really cool. Then my career did not so great and I got stuck being a consultant at Booz Allen after business school. I'm skipping around. I kind of felt like a child star who had had this bright period of time and then now I was working in an office park in northern Virginia  a stint being president of, uh, or CEO of daily mail North America, mail online, and then founded cheddar in 20, uh, 2016, January, 2016 started cheddar. And that's it. Let's talk about Buzzfeed real quick. Yeah. I feel like that was so disruptive when you guys were really scaling. What was that experience like? The experience of Buzzfeed was that you can have each of these startups as a series of bets, right? You place bets and  was that native advertising, creating digital advertorials would be a great advertising product in the face of banners, which were still being sold direct in 2010. And for a while that bet didn't look so good. 2010, 2011 were very tough. Advertising wasn't really picking up, social traffic wasn't really coming. And then 2012 both hit like lightning. And that's what made that work.  Subsequently, after a couple different revenue models, we hit on this kind of live read branded content type product that worked really well as well. Now, the part of the bet that I got wrong, and it took a while for me to get it wrong, but luckily we corrected it, was these free TV systems that are called fast free ad supported television like Pluto and Roku Channel, Samsung TV Plus. Those came out of nowhere like a tidal wave and became giant. And the virtual MVPDs like Sling and YouTube,  And then during COVID, we did a layoff and we also did a collapse of the two networks into one network because, you know, I mean, advertising was very tough during COVID. And so we were able to kind of knit it all together into one thing, but for a while we were basically operating almost like two parallel networks to service each of these different platforms. Got it. One of the things that Cheddar was well known for at one point was the trading floor.  if you're just in a studio. And so we were covering the stock market and tech companies and the trading floor is the incarnation of business and markets. And also by the way, all these amazing companies come through there every day to ring the bell. And so that to me was the most important piece in launching the network was that we get on the floor of the stock exchange and went to Tom Farley who was the CEO of the New York Stock Exchange at the time or the president.  And literally it was like wedged into what was the largest set on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. That set is CNBC's is massive. CBC has an entire post, right? Yep. Our thing is bigger than what Fox business has and bigger than what Bloomberg has there. So we look spaces at a premium. I mean, the only space for people in the floor of the New York Stock Exchange is maybe like, you know, Park Avenue in the seventies. But like other than that, you know, I would, I would have taken a postage stamp if that's what that was.  You already talked about the fast systems. You talked about a number of these like OTT platforms. I remember you did deals, if I remember correctly, at one point Cheddar was getting streamed to gas station. We're still in the gas stations. All right. Well, explain that one. So there is this thing called GSTV run by this guy, Sean McCaffrey, great guy. And most gas stations you go to, I find this most gas, I mean, I used to travel quite a bit. I don't travel anymore because no one travels anymore.  that they know who you are and they're hearing you is when they make fun of you.  and gets seen by plenty of people. And so, distribution is probably more important than content and content's probably number two. There's a Y Combinator saying that first time entrepreneurs worry about product, second time entrepreneurs worry about distribution. And I think that that's a perfect example here. How did that change the conversation with advertisers? One, just as you got larger and larger, I'm sure that helped, but two, around where you had the distribution. So it's one thing to say, hey, people are coming to our website,  And one of the greatest difficulties of the business has been probably the most great difficulty. Got it. You eventually sold the business for a big number. I'm assuming you other shareholders did very well in that. Why'd you sell it? Well, so, you know, actually what's interesting about it is I think we did well for the investors and I think it was a great outcome. The people who put in early money made a great return on it. I think that for a lot of our investors, you know, it wasn't quite a Silicon Valley return because they didn't get to put  NBC Universal was owned by Comcast. Fox was sold to Disney. We were always the only independent. You look on Hulu Live or you look on Sling and it's CNBC, which is owned by AT&T. It's MSNBC, which is owned by Comcast. And when I started the company, I felt a bit like I was running around with a BB gun and everybody else had muskets, right?  communications, broadband, television, you know, telephony, and news. And they weren't going to be in dramas and comedies. And so this was the perfect kind of addition to that portfolio. I had had altis as investors, I think, for three, two, three years at that point. So they knew the company inside and out. And it was the right time. And, you know, also, I mean, Covid, Covid ended up coming as well, too. Now, I didn't know Covid was coming, but I'm certainly lucky to have the support of a large corporate parent to kind  you know, independent media companies are like drug discovery, you know, developing a drug. You've heard me say this before. No, but I can already see where this is going and I like it. So keep going. And so you develop a great drug. So let's say chatter. We developed an amazing drug for arthritis, great, great arthritis drug. We had great scientists. We developed a great arthritis drug, blah, blah, blah. Okay. Now we have a choice. We have to go through FDA trials. Now that's going to cost kajillions of dollars.  for, you know, I came, what was the number quoted 75? I think that is the alleged number. Yes. What are they going to do? Build an entire sales force, build an entire CMS, build a research division, build all these things that Axel Springer and Business Insider have. And look, the history of media companies, independent media companies is that they get too large. They've built up this infrastructure. The infrastructure is not necessarily as doesn't have the margins that the other  I figured it's unlikely. What's it been like or kind of what have you learned from being around somebody like that who I think just most people look and say, look, he's built this amazing, very large company, obviously one that you found attractive to kind of partner with and go work with, kind of anything there in terms of just the way that the company operates or Patrick specifically? So he's a genius, you know, and I would say the culture, most of my interaction, I'm privileged to be able to interact with Patrick on a routine basis.  and there is margin to be derived from almost any business, right? And so that steadiness, that facility with my numbers, I mean, I'm going to see Patrick tomorrow. I'm walking in there, this is just a casual catch up. I'm walking in there with a stack of printouts like this and my laptop because like he's just gonna ask me some number, you know? And it's always a little bit like an example  We're also selling, we have an advanced advertising division that allows us to sell national advertising that can be targeted and have conversion tracked by IP. So I would say innovation in that, I would say that from the content standpoint, News 12, we've done an extensive kind of rebrand and regraphic and re-modernization of that over the past year really. And then with Cheddar, trying to figure out these fast systems,  thoughts. What about Netflix, Peacock, you know, these other platforms? Do you see them eventually adding news and you guys being a contender there? Or do you think like maybe a Netflix just they'll never get into anything? I was in, I was in a, somebody held a thing with Reed Hastings, I think one of my professors and I asked a question, I said, Reed, I've been, and I've had two interactions with Reed in the past, however many years. One was at DLD in Munich. And then the last was this one a few weeks ago. In both cases, I asked him, what are you  you know, and Disney Plus, I don't really see doing it. I mean, look, it bums me out. It bums me out that, you know, Netflix and Disney Plus, like two of the biggest and fast growing, um, don't have news. What bums me less is if they decided tomorrow to put on news, um, they would do one of two things. Either Disney would decide they were only doing ABC. Okay. Or if they decide to let other people on, we would definitely get the phone call because we always get the phone call when people decide they want to put news on  is there. Podcasts I've completely stayed away from. It's too competitive. It is personality driven and you either need a big personality that draws an audience or true crime. And those seem to me to be like the two categories that really work. Cheddar was always an ensemble cast type thing, always more of a news type thing. And we don't have the  start anymore. Now we're part of this larger thing, but really video has been my sole focus for the past four and a half years. And I think it's going to be my sole focus for the, for the, for the coming future. Um, I think that we're the best at live video. I think that we have made it our sole focus. And I think that that's where we're going to continue to focus certainly for another year or two. What about outside of you guys, right? So you guys say with live video, but what do you just think about kind of the rise of newsletters and this whole kind of, uh, phenomenon that  And he's probably going to have a better lifestyle and make more money and, you know, and own 100% of what he creates. And so I think it's really disruptive to print it, to print journalism, print digital journalism. Absolutely. What about other forms of video? So not live video, but whether it's kind of the TikTok and short form type stuff, whether it's more of like the vlog and longer form stuff on YouTube, but just things that aren't live news based.  And it was exciting and it was the right thing for the company at the time. But now I'm just much more focused on the economics of these things of, you know, does it make financial sense for us to be spending time on this? And so many of these platforms are still, you know, are still nickels and dimes. If that, I mean, tick tock isn't even nickels and dimes. Yeah. Uh, all of these different platforms, uh, are kind of benefiting from the rise of the creator. Right. I think that we've always thought about that as like,  How do you kind of think through maybe not for you guys, but other media companies? Is that something where they're going to lean in hard on? I think the way that you would do this is look, I'm reading the same articles. Everybody's reading, you know, the one that Taylor Lorenz at the New York Times just put out about the tick tockers that are making millions of dollars and get free cars to free car leases from Triller and you know, all this stuff. And I think that it goes one of two ways either. And if my kids, my 10 and 11 year old, they love Charlie D'Amelio like that, like that's their favorite.  these companies and then there were various squabbles and it didn't really work and then they really they all decided to unbundle. You know, it's sort of interesting. I mean, it's like sub-stack is basically the the bundling of writers with the TikTok stars, they're all the bundled in individuals and how they're doing their influencer deals. And then the question is, what makes sense to roll up and bundle into a company? And I imagine somebody, if not already, will take a pass and making a company basically out of  creators is like R and D and just take the best practices and start to monetize in other ways as well. Well, who's the first creator that that comes up with the next Allbirds, right? Like that, that would be super interesting to see that happen. And we've seen all these D to C companies that are doing well, that make a single product that kind of reduce the choice for the consumer, which is really compelling because I think people want less choice. They want to be told these are the shoes to get not like, you know, select from any number of these shoes, right? And, and  Amazon took down the affiliate payments that they were giving people. These e-commerce things typically have very low margin because selling physical products has very low margin, which is why there's Amazon and basically nobody else. But there may be this little carve out of these D to C high end custom products that influencers may be able to get into and may make e-commerce and go. But look, advertising and subscription have been around for hundreds, if not hundreds of years.  And you almost have them eventually get bought by like the rock and the rock says, Hey, this is the best mattress. I work out hard. And then I go to sleep every night and you can drastically reduce the cap. I wonder how much of the economics of that are already captured through advertising and through referral. And you listen to me about Joe Rogan. So I started listening to Joe Rogan, uh, only two weeks ago, just because I kind of wanted to, you know, I just listened. What episode you listened to? I listened to the one where he was talking to a psychologist about narcissism. Okay.  eight minutes of sponsors. So I don't know how sustainable that really is. And I mean, his, his podcasts are super long. So I've never listened through, but there's no commercials in the middle, right? None. So, but, but he's using referral codes. So, I mean, I guess most people don't skip the commercials and I guess he's getting great brands to do this stuff with him. Yeah. Oh, you know, I mean, look, it is fascinating, right? I mean, everybody who's a loyal listener knows you can just hit the fast forward button, you hear the music, right? And then you kind of just undo it.  capturing the value he's creating for Traeger because they're probably paying him a very high referral per grill, right? I'm not sure him going through the trouble of buying or owning the grill company or starting the grill company would really work. Although, ironically, we're talking about grills and George Foreman, I suspect that the George Foreman grill worked out very well for him. I mean, he did it for many years. Obviously, it must have been working. And maybe it's a little bit of experimentation of both. I mean, I do think there are categories that are  So maybe he ran an athletic greens. Athletic greens, athletic greens. Okay, so he's not an equity owner there as far as I know. He's got it for company. The areas that you're most interested in outside of live television, we could talk about all these different things like where do you see the biggest opportunity? If you were going to go restart a new media company today, where would you look? I think that media is not where media is not the only media ideas I have kicking around in my head  for the first time last night, a friend of mine pulled up wealth front because wealth management is one of the areas it's kind of interesting to me. And I was surprised by sort of how basic it was and how many things you couldn't do. And so to me, I think that we'll see every type of insurance and every type of financial product start-upized and that's much earlier innings I think than what we've seen in media. The other thing I'll tell you is, I bought a used car over the summer through Carvana  This election is not even that good. Like this election is not that good. I wanted a pickup truck and like they only had like a handful that fit like low mileage and what I wanted and you know, the super cab and all that type of stuff. So I could fit the kids in it, but they make it so easy. And you know, there's no fighting over the price. The price is set. You can go and check the blue book to make sure that it's, you know, it's within range. And it's, and I had gone, I had gone to a dealership before and I was  because I just want to take the steering wheel. And I think that like, so I don't in the few things that I've invested in, but mostly it's a relatively uncomfortable thing for me. So I like personal finance is super interesting. Connected fitness, I don't think is tapped out yet. Peloton and mirror are great and are big, but I don't think they're the only ones that can come into that. I think that that's a mega trend that's here to stay.  You boil a cup of water, you put the coffee pod into it. That's, that's, are you a big coffee drinker? Yeah, I'm a big coffee drinker. Yeah. I even have a coffee tattoo. No, you don't really. You, you, for those who are just listening, we're about to see a coffee tattoo. Oh, he, he legitimately has a coffee tattoo on it. I got a coffee tattoo. So it's like the eating the yang of life. And then that's scotch. That's fantastic.  I drink ice coffee. You're drinking ice coffee in the winter. Yeah, of course. All right. We're friends still. I think that basically ice coffee is the afternoon beverage. So like, you know, uh, Oh, do you go hot coffee in the morning and ice coffee in the afternoon? Yeah. I need to warm myself up. I need to warm up my, my chilly bones in the morning. You know, like I need a hot coffee. You know, I do, I do believe that consuming a cold beverage on a cold day in the morning. And then I walked my daughter to the school bus. Like, you know, it'll put it, it'll put a chill in you if you haven't, you know,  Tucker runs on Duncan, Cheddar runs on Duncan. All right. I asked the same two questions to everybody before we finish up and then you get to ask me when to finish it. First one is what's the most important book you've ever read? It's a great question. Atlas Shrugged probably. Why? Because I think that, I think Anne Rand is widely misquoted and misunderstood and people basically use it as an excuse  I think I shaped my entrepreneurial mindset. So there was that book, Catcher in the Rye, I really like a lot too. The idea that as we all come of age, there's this discomfort and adjusting to the old, the adult world and figuring out where one fits in. Robert Caro's book, The Power Broker about Robert Moses, about how cities get built. Robert Moses was a terrible person, but the book is an amazing book to understand how cities get built.  It's not possible. It's not possible. And I do think that when you hear about the sightings that people have had and the experiences that people have had, there's a striking similarity in close encounters of the third kind. There's a striking similarity in all of this stuff. So, but I tend to be more open-minded. I am religious. I'm Jewish. I believe in God. I believe that there are things that happen that are outside of our control  And her other universe used to be a different apartment when we moved. I mean, how does my cat possibly, my first of my cat doesn't even bother trying to process that. Yeah. So I started asking the alien question because one night I was laying in bed and I had this really intelligent epiphany, which was, do you think aliens have pets? Like you have, you have a cat, right? Yeah. But like if the aliens showed up, are they showing up with like multiple species and there's, um,  They also probably don't travel with them.  conversation being like that woman really understands technology trends, really understands innovation, really has kind of that independent thinking and first principles thinking. Um, and then the second time we did it, uh, Tesla had run, um, so everyone kind of shut up about that. Now they were onto the next thing, you know, saying that that she was wrong on. Uh, but I just think that it's fascinating to find somebody who's had a very long storied career, uh, and reached a point where like she's probably just as hungry now as she always was.