 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Mark here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Yeah, thanks, Pomp, for having me. I'm stoked to be here. For sure. Let's jump right into your background. What did you do before you started Harvested Financial? Yeah, so my whole background has been in the options business. I walked out of college. I was actually an internship on the college floor that I saw what that exchange floor looked like.  options kind of became more and more popular. You saw more and more exchanges growing up. So as a market maker, our goal was to touch as much flow as we can. And sitting as a market maker at the center of the business, you see exactly what goes on. You have to price the options. You have to know how they trade. You have to know where they're going to trade. You really have to know all the ins and outs of how options work. And it was just a fascinating bootcamp to understand the industry. Yeah, for sure. And so this whole idea of options trading, I think what most people think of  this derivative relationship to the underlying and they have a sense of time too. So that's also a really important element that options, when you buy a stock, you hold the piece of that company for as long as it's in business. Same with a crypto investment. You're holding that for as long as you want. With the option, you get all these weird behaviors because they expire, because they have a duration to that. And what you're looking for, a simple example would be a call option that you have the right to buy that stock or that underlying at a given price.  make that play would be to use an option strategy. If it does not work out, you have defined risk, it is going to expire, it is going to go to zero, which is different than an equity. Your Apple equity might never go to zero, but the options are going to go to zero because they have that timeframe and they make for some really interesting ways to overlay on top of existing strategies. You might be a long-term holder in any given security, and so options can complement that portfolio, but then they can act totally different. They can act as ways to earn income on the market. They can act  If I want to go out and buy one share of Apple, I have to put out $120. If I want to buy, say, the 125 strike call, that would mean that I have the right to buy Apple stock at $125. Now, with Apple trading at 120, that right isn't worth anything except for its future probability of Apple being over that amount. If I have something that's expiring next week or next month, what's the probability  that you can use that as a protection policy. It's a great insurance policy that if Apple's trading at 120, you get nervous with it, dropping below 110, you wanna protect your investment, you buy a put at 110. So that gives you the right to sell Apple at 110. No matter where Apple trades, between now and the expiration of that contract, you'll be able to sell Apple stock for 110. So it gives you the right to sell with a put option and the right to buy with a call option. Got it. And then talk about the premium, right? So in either of those scenarios, how can I earn premium?  is  is 90%. If I sell 10 people insurance at $100 and I only have to pay out $90 on average, that $10 difference that I've made on average, that's your options premium. And that's the value that you as a writer of options gets to keep. And you as an owner, well, you're hoping for moves. You're hoping for that gas behind it to go. Absolutely. And it feels like what a lot of people are doing is they're basically already in the market. And so you talked about kind of using the securities that you already own  for insurance that's going to be a little bit of a drag on returns ultimately, but that can be a very beneficial way to sort of dampen the exposure that you might get with the equity investments that you currently have. They also work well separately though, and they can be traded entirely separately as an opportunity capture and diversification element in your portfolio, taking advantage of a lot of those things like writing premium, using defined risk strategies to collect that premium and benefit from being the writer  in the future and we're both willing to wager risk for a reward in kind of wagering on what we think the future looks like, right? Exactly. I think that's a great way to frame it that this is a risk transfer, that there's no free lunches out there, right? I'd be completely wrong to tell people that options are the secret and that, you know, there's a free pot of money at the end of this rainbow. They're just a risk transfer exactly like you say. And I think what makes it really interesting from a market perspective is that unlike equities, when you're buying or selling equities or when you're  Yeah, absolutely. Now, this stuff's super complex. You started a company to fix that. Explain a little bit about where did the idea for harvested financial come from? For sure. So, you know, spending all those years as a market maker, you really develop a passion for what the inside nitty gritty works. And I find myself talking to people and they go, well, that's kind of cool. But like, what's the detail here? Like, how can I make this work for me? And so what harvested financial is,  and we're digital advisors, so we've automated it. So we have an entire platform that goes from recommendation all the way down to execution of that strategy, and computers are really good at moving all those levers in and out. And so by automating this digital process, like we've developed a platform that makes options super accessible and easy for people to integrate into their portfolios. Absolutely, and part of this it feels like is this like robo advisor for options trading. How much of what you guys are doing  It's similar to like a target date fund or something like that. So there's certainly that type of client that just wants access to that and they want to understand, you know, a little bit of where that's coming from, you know, get into some of the basics of how decay works and, you know, what is a put and what is a call? What does premium mean? All those sort of things that we talked about. There's definitely a distinct segment that are interested in that. But we also work with people that know what they want to do and they just don't want to deal with the pain of managing it. And so that would have been me, you know, if this company didn't exist two years ago, or I'm sorry, if this company had  backed by data. And the first project when we set out to form harvested was running a whole bunch of numbers on these different strategies and thinking about what kind of, not necessarily to back test them in terms of an optimization standpoint, like we're not here to say that if you sell exactly this strike, that's the perfect level to trade at. It's more about describing the texture of returns that those are going to give. So what does adding a short premium strategy look like in your portfolio? How does that perform when the market's rising?  but really for those really active investors, there are certainly people that know what they want and they sometimes will ask us for data about how this is gonna look and how that's getting to integrate with the rest of their portfolio. Other times they just know their strategy and just want it banged out. Yeah, that's awesome. And talk to me about the product itself in terms of what the user experience is like. So our goal is to be as simple as possible and really try and figure out how much the client wants to get involved with their strategies. And so that's where a model portfolio  that the goal is that we do all the nitty gritty of the strike selection and the rolling and for the most part we're finding people aren't particularly interested in that. So simple, intuitive and education is really a big front for us. We have a director of education whose mission is to help our clients understand how their strategies are working, what the performance metrics look like, what strategies to select in the beginning and creating an interface that allows all this to happen.  these conversations going around that, oh, retail investors are buying calls and it's flipping the market around and the traders that are going on these YOLO bets and look how dangerous this is. There are certainly very dangerous things you can do with options, but I think overall it's great that people are getting involved and getting their hands dirty because when you get into any risk class, the only way to understand that is to really roll up your sleeves and feel the pain of losing. Whether it's traders I've worked with or books I've read on traders,  looking at the market going into the election, how do I protect myself there? So volatility is, you know, that's really the main pricing factor in options. So the more that moves, you know, the more excited we get. Absolutely. And talk a little bit about just how much leverage people can use in options. Yeah, so options because they, you know, are a derivative of the stock, you know, instead of having to buy that $120 Apple share, you can actually buy a call for $1, $2.  what we do with the rolling bull is we roll a series of call spreads over time. So if you think on average, this stock is going to go up more than 50% of the time, we'll lay out a bunch of trades that give me 50% odds of that going up. And if you have some edge that's going to suggest that 55%, 60% of the time, Tesla, Apple, whatever your name is goes up, trading that series of call spreads is going to be much more efficient for your returns. Something like two to three extra returns compared to, you know, seeing  And when people hear options, obviously there's this very bullish case, right? You guys have built a great platform in terms of helping them do that. How should people think about the risk, right? So there's risk management, but like what is the risk in options trading? There's a lot of risks in options trading. And interestingly, one of the risks is not even necessarily what people might think in terms of dollar loss or whatnot, but the operational risk of options is actually very real. So one of the strategies that we use is a butterfly strategy.  of risk is actually far more dangerous to people than excess leverage that managing the ins and outs of that, if you're not there and you get distracted for 10 minutes, all of a sudden you're buying 100 shares of stock that you didn't expect to or selling 100 shares of stock that you didn't expect to. So I think operational risk is one of those sneaky risks that underlies options trading. And that's what we really want to solve. That's what a computer platform does incredibly well and tightening up that whole process there.  So, you know, it really starts at onboarding a client and understanding what is going to work for them. And, you know, there's very much that educational, you know, assignment process where we try and like assign the person to the right strategy and figure out where they fit, you know, what's your target date for retirement objective or whatnot. So that's a process that we've streamlined and automated there. But then also on the execution side, you know, making sure our orders are going out efficiently.  liquid strategies or more liquid securities generally, but it's not always the case. And for every time we get a penny better for our client, that's an extra dollar in their pocket. So, you know, instead of paying 160 that might be offered, we try to look at the 155, 160, can I get a little bit? Can I look at what the market's doing is, you know, volatility coming in, do I want to be a little bit more passive? So there, there's a lot of automation going on in the background, but for really that precision trading, we still rely on like a little bit of that special human touch.  in terms of if you look out 10 years from now and you've accomplished that, you say this was success. What does that look like for you as a business today? So our mission is that derivatives are for everyone and that we believe that everyone has some need for some of the elements that derivatives provide. And so we like to bucket them into diversify, amplify and protect. And so most everyone has a need for some type of derivative strategy.  that looks like a huge success. Yeah, that's awesome. And I feel like as you guys are building this out too, not only one is there the education piece of, hey, here's what options are, here's how they can help your existing portfolio, here's some risk that you can take, here's that passive income, but also the technology you're building, I'm assuming will eventually kind of spread out across both other asset classes, so not just kind of public securities, but into other things. And then also you can add all types of derivatives on top of that, right?  Clearing Corporation is a centrally cleared entity that there's never been a default. There's never been any concern about what the CDS of this bank is trading at that you might enter into a bilateral trade, but it's completely cross guaranteed. And so not only do you have the counterparty risk with structured products, but you also have the cost, right? Like if you're looking at like 2% on some of these things, we're charging 50 basis points. And like we're charging 50 basis points on liquid markets that you can easily get in and out of. And so starting to look at some of those  a month. And that's half of our current rate. So 10 bucks a month is the minimum fee. And that gets you access to an entire suite of options products. That'll get you up to 25 grand of options strategies managed for only 10 bucks a month. And that provides a really nice diversification for people's portfolios as small as $500 is our minimum. So you can find us at harvestedfinancial.com. You can check out our Twitter, harvested underscore D A F E derivatives are for everyone. And that's where we're at.  being that bucket shop operator and, you know, trading in the swings and the highs and the lows of it all. So I think going through that personally too afterwards, that still definitely resonates as an interesting book. That's great. What was it like working at a tutor? It was interesting. So I was only there for a summary and I was a college intern. But I absolutely remember Paul walking in one day and just, you know, having come back from Safari and like, you know, just regaling us with these like fantastic stories. And all I could think was, wow, how can I get in those shoes?  with Dan Aykroyd, who is a huge alien believer. And after two hours of listening to him talk about it, I think I came a little bit off my high horse. So I'm willing to be convinced of anything, but as of now, probably I would have to say no. My whole thing is just the universe is so big. It's gotta, they gotta be out there somewhere. Okay. So that's, as a probability guy with options, right? Like I should be thinking I get in those terms that, you know, like you said, the universe is so big.  that you want to buy something for a dime and get paid $10 for it. I want as much asymmetry as possible in my portfolio. So if that's what does it, then I'm down for sure. All right. Well, option strategies might very well be for you. Awesome, Mark. Listen, thank you so much for doing this. I'm super excited about what you guys are doing. I think that options are obviously a key part of many people's portfolios, but just making it easier to understand, educating people on it, and then also