 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a special guest here. Peter has joined us. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Happy to do it. For sure. Let's just jump right into your background, kind of what you did before you joined and started Horizon Kinetics. Sure. My first professional job was working at Bankers Trust Company, which ultimately got acquired by Deutsche Bank.  The Kinetics business has the distinction of being the first company to start an internet mutual fund in the United States. Got it. And so where did the names Horizon Asset Management and Kinetics Asset Management? Those two are known now as Horizon Kinetics, but where did those two names come from? Sure. That's a great question. It gets into our investment philosophy on the Horizon side. Horizon is meant to be long horizons. Look out into the future. And one of the things that we observed, my colleague  where long-term value-oriented investors horizon. In the case of Kinetics, it's a name that my brother picked up, just dealing with energy and things of that nature. He's the one who came up with that. Got it. Then how do we get to Horizon Kinetics today? We went through the financial crisis, and there's a lot of confusion in the marketplaces. Why is this product over in Horizon? Why is this product over in Kinetics? It just made sense to basically consolidate the two businesses, bring them under one roof, and  have a long product life cycle. Is it going to be demanded five years from now, 10 years from now, 20 years from now? So if you think about Berkshire Hathaway buying GEICO, auto insurance, it was needed 50 years ago, it's going to be needed in another 20 years. So what's his advantage? I can provide that auto insurance generally at 15% less because I'm going direct to the consumer. So he understands that business. He says, I want that long product life cycle business. That's really kind of what we're thinking about.  How tall have you guys looked at the macro environment, before COVID, then when COVID hit, and then the Fed's response afterwards? We recognized pretty early, I would say that we probably even picked up during the Greenspan era of the Greenspan put, saying, okay, there's a lot of debt building up in the economy, a lot of debt building up on balance sheets, etc. It seems like anytime there's a problem, they're willing to step in.  The cost was predictable. In our opinion, coming out of the financial crisis, we felt that the Federal Reserve was kind of locked in a position where they're going to keep interest rates for a long period of time. We're talking possibly multiple decades. And that was pre-COVID. Now it's a guarantee. You saw what happened at the end of 2018, the quantitative tightening that they tried. Two and a half, three weeks, market traded down 20%, and they quickly reversed themselves. So my guess is that they're going to, they recognize  into a particular index, they buy the same securities. Now, it may make perfectly great sense that 10 times earnings may make reasonable sense at 15 times earnings. You start buying at 30, 40 times earnings, it makes no sense. You're not going to get a good return. You're going to probably lose money over a 10-year period of time. So that was really, that's kind of the headwind that the value investor has been facing for the last decade plus. And it's, you know, I like to say it's pure insanity, but so far it's been working out that way and money continues to flow in. I think ultimately, I think  this is not really achieving its goal. And I think it's going to end up being a real problem for people. So we're about as far away from that as you can possibly think. And so describe a little bit in terms of like where that puts you, right? So if you're not doing indexing and kind of all the passive investing, and where exactly are you looking for investment ideas for putting capital? So one of the things that we talked about was that I just mentioned was the probability of inflation, i.e. the government needing to inflate their way out of it.  standpoint, they rival the best monopolistic businesses around in terms of operating profits and net profits. Can you give us an example of one of those? Sure. One of the biggest positions of ours is a company called Texas Pacific Land Trust, and it's been around since the 1880s. Nobody knows about it. It is unquestionably the most valuable piece of real estate in the world. And they collect royalty on a certain number of acres, about 456,000 acres of land.  and the developments in technology on fracking, we said, okay, the fracking technology continues to improve. They've only scratched the surface at a very small amount of what the amount of oil that's in there. There's an ocean of oil underneath that ground, and they're gonna collect ever larger royalty checks in the future. So the price of oil from the year 2014 through today, in 2014, it was $114. It's now down around $40 West Texas Intermediate Oil.  are pretty convinced that the Fed's actions, they've publicly stated they're going to shoot for over 2% for some persistent amount of time in the inflation. It sounds like you have confidence that they will actually be able to do that. Or are you more playing the fact that just them saying it drives inflation fears and therefore there's the flow of capital into inflation hedge assets? Well, for us, if everyone has their money in the high-growth tech companies, et cetera, we're saying,  And if you look at the money printing that's going on, it's running at 15%, 20% more recently. But it's been running historically, M2 has been increasing about 6% or 7%, which is a pretty good benchmark for the inflation rate. So if you look at a 10-year treasury, you're getting 78 basis points today. The stated mandate is to get inflation up to 2%. That means your real return is going to be negative in all likelihood. And if you really look through the stated numbers to what's really important, you see that the inflation rate is substantially  the float. That's how Warren Buffett became a multi-multi-billionaire, earning money on tens of billions of dollars with no cost. So now they bring it down to zero. They say, okay, I can't make money in my investment portfolio. I'm going to have to charge you substantially more for your homeowners insurance. So my homeowners insurance policy is up 20% year over year. So that's inflation. That's a real expense. I'm not going to give up homeowners insurance. So people aren't appreciating that. So unless you have re-,  But in order to get the CPI numbers up over 2%, it feels like they've almost brought this water gun to a pistol fight, right? In that they've got rates down to zero, they've printed a good amount of money, but it doesn't feel like we're gonna get there with what they've already done. So what do they do? Do they go negative rates? Do they just print and print and print? We see $10 trillion more? How do we get to that 2% plus in the official numbers that they're targeting?  So they're gonna spend another $1.8 trillion that is gonna go into repairs and they'll start doing those types of things. And the Federal Reserve will monetize that. They won't call it monetary, but it's basically gonna be spending. They'll send checks to people's homes, et cetera, to get people to spend. Yeah, and the fiscal side to me, everyone's focused on the monetary side, because that's the ones that have the really clear cut numbers. That's the ones that everyone writes about over the last couple of months coming out of the COVID kind of market crash.  And you go to whatever level it is. So, you know for the first time in my life I really came to the conclusion that capitalism is broken here in this country and You know it used to be if I took risk and I made a mistake and my judgment was bad I was gonna get knocked in the teeth with that and I take my losses I you know earlier this year I made a bet about being short volatility and it obviously went against me fairly dramatically in in March and April and then I started to  Why am I paying taxes? Just print up all the extra more, you know, and pay my taxes for me, you know, just add it to the tab. So it's a problem. This is a really important point. And I think that when people first started saying it, it was kind of the smart asses on Twitter and stuff like that. And everyone just kind of disregarded it because it was coming from people who don't manage capital, don't spend a lot of time, you know, kind of talking about the economy. You are probably the 10th or 12th person who runs  or a new focus for investors in your opinion? Or is this something that's maybe been going on forever and people just didn't talk about it?  Is this hyperinflation of the dollar? Is there some other scenario that kind of you see as the natural end state if they kind of continue doing what they're doing? I think they're just going to continue to, you know, take a decade or two decades or three decades to basically grow their way out of this and pay back the debt in cheaper and cheaper dollars. I'm not sure that it's going to be a doomsday scenario. I think you need to protect yourself against that.  Going to be the standard or at least it won't work for the foreseeable future No, if you're looking at a 10-year Treasury at 78 basis points That's just not gonna work for you, right? So $100,000 getting to seven, you know $100,000 investment getting you $780 a year people just can't live on that. No million getting you $7,800 and I used to get you $60,000 $55,000 you could maybe live on that if you have $2 million in retirement etc or even less than that  And between the elected officials and the Fed, we're going to get a zero rate environment and trillions of dollars of quantitative easing, like what's going to happen? Inflation would absolutely be part of that conversation. And inflation hedge assets, I think most investors would say, would do well. It almost feels like to some degree, equities are getting put into the inflation hedge bucket in some weird way. Maybe some of it, people running from the bond market, some of it is, we're sending stimulus checks to young people and now it's  ripple through the economy in an even way. And that's what's coming up in the future for a lot of people. And I think you're gonna start to see that. And you couple that with the valuations, the valuations are very extended for many companies. And it's hard to see the typical stock that investing through a basket in the S&P 500, how you're gonna get an adequate rate of return looking out over the next decade. I think you're gonna end up with a very poor rate of return, possibly a negative rate of return. Yeah, one of the things that a couple of people have come on the podcast and talked  You know, you're looking at Apple at a $2 trillion market capitalization. So if it's going to grow at 20%, that means it has to increase by $400 billion in size. And then it has to grow by a bigger number in year two. It just doesn't seem possible to me. So, you know, there's a saturation point for a lot of technology. And the fact you tweeted out something the other day about Apple releasing new phone, my old phone is going to slow down. So the fact that you and I, maybe because of that,  One of the things that's very obvious just between conversations that you and the rest of the team have had kind of publicly, content you've put out, etc., is it feels like you're not looking for the grand slams. Instead, you're looking for the high probability wins, right? Kind of that value investing mentality. And what I think I hear you saying is that these technology companies, especially the top five or six of them, just violate almost everything in the value investing kind of framework. That's correct. That's correct. I think what's going to end up happening because the  Everyone would come to me looking to cut a deal and give me whatever they needed to to basically restart the business So when I when I see that going on the functional equivalent is actually happening through Environmental concerns through lack of investment through people basically not giving Exploration companies the money they need to replace reserves You're starting to see that basically the supply is falling off a cliff and if you look through like typically you would see commodity prices up in  the same amount of oil, the same amount of natural gas, and the demand is still there. You see the correcting mechanism is the price. There's a lot of deflationary issues that have gone on in the last six, seven years as a result of the price of oil coming down very substantially. Earlier this year, it went negative 30 plus. If the price of oil, because of a lack of supply, reverses itself, you could see inflation come back in a very ugly way. So that would be one of the main concerns that I would have  And I think most value investors, when they look at Bitcoin, would say that violates everything to do with value investing. Where does your interest and kind of bullishness come from when you're looking at that digital asset? Sure. So let me give a little background on how I got into it. So back in late 2015, my colleague Murray Stahl, who's a brilliant financial mind and had a history, had a degree in computer science, has an interest in cryptography, etc.  Bitcoin multiple times, right? And you think that the security is actually going to hold in terms of the blockchain. You're telling me there's a fixed amount of coins that are already going to be produced. This could potentially be a global currency. This is literally within a minute and a half time. And the demand for this is going to grow exponentially, but the supply is going to be very finite. And basic economics, that's a win. So I didn't get into Bitcoin. And let me just show you.  We saw this in a way that if it went to zero, we lose 1%. If it went to zero over a two-year period of time, we lost 50 basis points per year. It's kind of a rounding error in terms of performance. It wouldn't be at the end of the world. But in success mode, I didn't get into Bitcoin to make 25, 30 times my money, which I've already done. I got into and make many thousands of times my money. If I didn't own it today, and I heard the same story, I would get up and go find a way to buy it immediately.  This is something completely, there's no cash flow as you pointed out, right? You can't, but the true value of it or the quote intrinsic value, you can argue about what intrinsic value means is that it has better monetary properties than anything else out there. So when you think through, I went back and I looked at what Hal Finney said almost immediately when he was starting to mine in the early days of Bitcoin, he made it, you know, hypothetical that this could equal all of the value of the assets outstanding, which he calculated to be $100,000.  dollars, my euros, and move it into this. So there's a lot of data points as we went along there. In 2017, I'll just give you one of the things that I said, okay, my lens initially was very small. It was from an economic lens and an incentive lens. And I said, you know, I can see how the investment community is going to get onto this because the fees in running money through indexation are collapsing. And the one thing I know that Wall Street desires is fees.  completely normal person. And the first speech that she gives is about Bitcoin. Okay, so now I said, why does she need to do that? She doesn't need to do that, right? So the only reason she's doing that is because she's laying the foundation for Fidelity to get into the custody, Fidelity to be recommending it to their clients, et cetera. And you saw the report that came out yesterday, two days ago, about moving 5% of the customer's assets into Bitcoin. And I can see that coming.  10,000 times my money. So that's kind of how I looked at it. So the asymmetric nature of what the upside potentially could be. Yeah. What's so crazy is, you know, I usually walk people through the math of let's say Bitcoin's a $200 billion asset, give or take gold, 8 trillion. You're talking about a 40X just to get to gold market cap. Right. And then on the expectation that I think you and I both have that it eventually eclipses that. Right. Then you start looking at things like, okay, well, what about the global money supply? Right. And that kind of 80, 90,  or real estate or any of this stuff is because they're trying to protect their wealth, right? They're inflation hedge type assets. And so if I actually can just hold the Bitcoin and not have to go into those assets, could we see a contraction in some of the store value market caps, right? As there's an inflation in Bitcoin's market cap. Now, I don't know if that'll happen or not, but it's really interesting to start thinking about. Right. Absolutely good. You know, and that number grows every day as central banks around the world continue to print, right? It's going to go up another $2 trillion or more.  Bitcoin just becomes more and more attractive? Or is there some kind of just natural cap to early adopters around the technology or something where maybe they can't continue to see the adoption at the rate that we're seeing right now? No, if you speak to somebody from Brazil or Argentina or Venezuela, they instantly get it. Because in their own lifetime, at their my age, in their own lifetime, they may have seen their currency to base down to zero, three, four times.  This is going to be a big deal. Obviously, people are talking about what's in the treasuries of corporations, it's $4 to $5 trillion. If you're a controller for a company or a treasurer for a company or a CFO for a company, you need to think about that cash asset that I have is being eroded at a very fast rate. What can I do to save it? When you go down the list, Bitcoin makes a lot of sense.  of some way, I think it's gonna say, well, you know what? We should own this immediately and get ahead of the curve. And if I was having a conversation with Donald Trump, I would tell him that he should tell Steve Mnuchin to basically do that. So absolutely, I think it's gonna happen. Yeah, I'm already past the point of is it gonna happen? And now questioning who's done it already, right? Absolutely correct. And, you know, unfortunately for the narrative, it's probably gonna be some of the fringe  in the history of that country are the hero. Absolutely. Other than Bitcoin, is there anything else that you guys are doing in cryptocurrencies, blockchain, mining, anything else? So we got into the mining business, and I'm probably the fourth or fifth person qualified to speak about this within my firm. So we're of the belief that the mining industry is going to be among the biggest industries in the world. And I'll just give you an example as to why I say that.  So I'm willing to start doing that and they're gonna find people that have that capability and seek that out and that's gonna continue to grow and you starting, you know, you see that on a daily basis with the as you rate of the network itself. So that's gonna continue to be a massively big operation and potentially a very large industry and we're gonna continue to grow that. Got it. And in terms of kind of merging these two worlds, so you talked a lot about energy and then now you're talking about Bitcoin,  energy basically to power their machines. So that's going on. I don't know to the extent, but it's going to grow. That will grow exponentially in the next five years. Yeah, I completely agree. What else are you guys looking at? Right. So you've got kind of the hard assets. You've got Bitcoin, Bitcoin mining. Where else sitting from kind of this value investing seat, given the macro economy, are places that are interesting to you? So the various financial exchanges around the world.  So we are you know, very big investors in various exchanges around around the world Okay, and in the thought process there is that those will continue to grow as businesses and just kind of the more financialization of everything There's gonna have to be exchanges and marketplaces where that stuff is traded. Correct, correct Yeah, and then let's talk a little bit in the private markets in terms of venture capital and technology companies Do you guys do anything there or is everything pretty much focused on the public entities? So it's  And just any thoughts or outlooks there? I think that there's been a lot of well-known money managers who've over the last 12 months or so started talking a lot about some of the most interesting places to invest in equities is in that private market and the venture capital type model. And any thoughts there as to what's interesting or anything that you've looked at? So you actually were leading me in the direction. Digital art.  to kind of the final questions is what about markets around the world? So we've talked a lot about the more North American viewpoint. Are there other emerging markets or other superpowers markets around the world that you find interesting or have been spending time on?  itself, but that position of Bitcoin could grow to some staggering number and that stock could just be off to the races. So we have a number of companies like that. Got it. And what about Square putting the Bitcoin on the balance sheet? It's only 1% of assets, but I've got to imagine that's another kind of positive data point in your opinion. Absolutely. You know, there, if you're skeptic about what we're saying here, you can kind of ignore Square. He can lose 1%. You can kind of ignore  And, you know, we didn't talk about Cresham's law, but the whole concept of bad money drives out good. Good money is Bitcoin. Bad money is currencies around the world. And you're seeing that basically a lot of the Bitcoin is not traded in the last year. Right. I think you even tweeted something like 63 percent recently. Right. It has not traded in the last year. That's because people are hanging on to it. And there's going to be a scarcity value for that. And basic economics, right. The first thing that you learn, supply and demand, the demand is going to  So it makes it an acquisition target. Absolutely. I tend to think that, you know, nothing is a sure thing. But in terms of supply and demand, there is very few things that have as an attractive asymmetric, you know, risk reward kind of framework than Bitcoin right now. And so it's going to be fun to watch for sure. Yeah. And I echo that. Nothing is not a sure thing. I'm not I don't have a degree in computer science. I didn't go line by line on the code.  knowing what I knew then, I would say, I'm in. I love that. I finish up with the same two questions you'll get to ask me, one to end it. The first is, what's the most important book that you've ever read? So most, I would say there's probably been three books in my life that have been kind of impactful. There's a book called Spoon River Anthology. I read it when I'm pretty young by a guy named Edgar Lee Masters, and it's a fictitious town in the Midwest and people are writing from their grade.  I think it's such common sense and I think how you treat people and you don't have to be nasty and get a lot done that way. So that's been an important influence. And then a company book called Influence by Robert Chioditi. Just persuasion and techniques like that. So I follow Scott Adams on Twitter and some of his podcasts and kind of push things, reframing things and positions that you have and how to look at the world a little bit differently. I think so.  And the more disturbing part of what he thought was that it's probably not looking too good for us humans the way we treat other people So yeah, I would say I'm a believer. Yeah, I'm with you. I always say that we want to find them We don't want them to find us right and if we find them we hope they're nice Absolutely, you could ask me one question to finish up what do you got for me? So if you your wife and your brother Decide in a form of business. Will you allow me to invest be an early investor?  We're concerned about inflationary issues that are down the pike and we think we found very novel ways to basically Invest in that that even if it doesn't play out that way, we're gonna get an adequate rate of return So it's for the people that say, you know what we make you make a lot of sense I'm not sure I'm gonna sell all my Apple or Google But I'm gonna give you two or five percent and you can find us at kinetic horizon kinetics calm Awesome, and then where can they find you? Hopefully not not at all. I  essentially Twitter and a red hat. So that made, I said, wow, that is incredibly powerful. So that's why I got on that. So. It is absolutely wild to think about that these social media platforms, but when you bring it down, it's the ability to communicate directly to a group of individuals, whether it's for politics, business, whatever, is just a very powerful thing that changes the  but there is some negative. But yeah, so, you know, for people listening, you know, the advice that you give, believe in yourself, do the work and basically get out there and hustle. That's the secret. Don't tell everyone overnight secrets. All right, Peter, listen, thank you so much for doing this. I think people are going to love it. We'll definitely have to do it again in the future. Thank you, Tom. Bye bye.