 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have a very special guest today. Lee is here. Thank you so much for doing this. Yeah, thank you so much, Anthony, for having me on the show. I don't know if I'm supposed to call you that. You're good. Let's start with your background. Kind of explain to everyone what you did before you started Atelier. Yeah, for sure.  Beijing, Chinese was my first language. I moved to the States when I was six years old and grew up in Pittsburgh. And that's what led me to being where I am today, speaking English. That's awesome. I love that. Let's go into this passion economy. So you coined this term. You've done a ton of work. You are probably the leading expert on what the passion economy is. So give us kind of a quick summary as to what is the passion economy  to enjoy their time spent earning a living and to be able to see themselves in their own work. But I think that it was very, traditionally before the internet, it was really difficult for people to be able to work in that way. You needed to sort of be employed at a company, do a very specialized role. And now I think a wave of new platforms are arising that democratize the ability to create a product or service, find customers,  2016 to 2020. I really saw this paradigm shift in marketplace businesses that were coming in to pitch me their startups. When I first joined the firm in 2016, I think it was still the era of the Uber for X startup. People were coming in pitching their on-demand companies, whether it was like on-demand carwashes or on-demand pet care or whatever. And the critical piece of having an on-demand marketplace is that  demand Uber for X marketplaces was that they commoditized the supplier. Driver A is basically equivalent to Driver B, is equivalent to Driver C. And this shows up in the design of these marketplaces where as a consumer when you request something, when you request a car, you don't even know the provider that you're going to be matched with because they've all been commoditized to these various service levels. And I think that on the supply side, what this meant was  were offering not only an interesting value proposition to consumers, but they were also emphasizing the unique value proposition that they gave to the supply side too, where they were creating a marketplace that actually enabled suppliers and workers to leverage their creativity, their education, their unique knowledge in order to make a living. And so the marketplace or the platforms, they were really just a set of tools  and turn it into income. That could be a marketplace where you're matching people directly. It could also be a SaaS tool that people are leveraging to build their own online business. It could be a creator tool that helps people make something more easily for an audience. I'm also interested in FinTech and education because I think those are foundational components of things that need to be in place for people to be able to discover what they're passionate about and be able to manage their income.  is  are, this is a portfolio company of mine called Dumpling, which helps people to build and manage their own local services business in the grocery shopping and grocery delivery vertical. So in a way, it's like a competitor to Instacart and they're giving people the tools to start, manage and grow their own grocery delivery business. And I consider that to be a part of the passion economy, even though these shoppers would never in a million years call themselves  in their work and they are small business owners. So that's an example of where I think this would be part of the passion economy in my view, but they're not a content creator. And I think there's so many other professions out there where the worker would never call themselves a creator, but they are part of this emerging economy of people who are able to leverage their unique skills and turn that into their income and what they do for a living,  works that I've heard people use before is that this is just the modern small business. It used to be that you went to school and then when you wanted to start a business, you had to go get a physical location on Main Street in some town and you could start everything from a coffee shop to a woodworking shop or whatever it was. The internet obviously empowered more software and things like that. We started to almost really use the word entrepreneurship or startups to describe software.  earlier this summer called Unbundling Work from Employment. And it specifically deals with that theme of, yeah, I think the fashion economy is really about people who are able to go independent and craft their own business. And they no longer need to be employed at a company in order to access customers, create a product or a service, run their business, etc. The new SMB is just a single individual who is  is these individuals used to want to do the work and they'd have to go to an organization or a company. That organization or a company provided all the infrastructure that empowered them to do the work. Now though, there's these tools and platforms that are allowing them to do it on their own without the need for an organization. Yeah, exactly. That's right. I think different tools and platforms are emerging that make this kind of work accessible to people. They encompass both vertical platforms,  sort of image in my mind of the company that people used to be employed at, it was actually a bundle of different services that they offered to you. So a company and being employed at a certain employer, it used to mean you got a bundle of various things. You got a bundle of the production aspect where the company gave you the means of production for something. There was the marketing aspect. There was the income aspect, all of the back office and administrative staff.  the service that a company used to bundle all together. So for instance, that team piece, there's lots of new social networks and communities that offer a team to people who are basically micro entrepreneurs. I'm in this telegram group with your wife, Polina, and we are all newsletter writers. We all write a sub-stack or a MailChimp newsletter. Some of us do it full-time. Some of us just do it as a hobby. But this is  focus on the work. Obviously when you kind of go on your own and pursue a more entrepreneurial path, monetization is really important, right? Cause you kind of, it's on you now. And so how has that monetization methods changed and also like, what do you see working for people who are entering the passion economy? Yeah. I often refer to this piece that Kevin Kelly wrote a decade ago, which I think is really prescient. I never know how to pronounce that word. Is it prescient or prescient?  per month and thereby earn about $100,000 per year. I think the key underpinning insight of that piece is that the internet enables a direct connection with the customer. You no longer need an intermediary who is helping you with distribution and marketing and helping you create a product. You can actually just create something yourself to cultivate loyalty and cultivate an audience  living from before, they still apply today. But I think the novel way that a lot of how the long tail of online entrepreneurs are monetizing is through that direct customer support. Got it. And in terms of the monetization methods, I think there's a big focus on subscription and kind of fans paying, but it also feels like maybe there's been over rotation there. Yeah. Advertising is still a viable model. And so do you see kind of the hybrid  for most people. And I don't think that advertising as a revenue source is going to go away. I think successful passion economy entrepreneurs, they are cobbling together different sources of income through different mechanisms. One of which might be subscriptions and payments from one's audience. But there's a lot of other pieces of the pie. There's a YouTube video that I recently watched from this YouTuber called Linus Tech Tips. He's like a pretty popular YouTuber. I think he has something like  of his earnings. And then a smaller sliver of his total earnings as a company came from fan subscriptions. And I think he used direct fan payments. And those fan payments were comprised of merchandise that he sold through an online e-commerce store, as well as he had this platform that he used to distribute premium content to people who would pay for it. So premium videos or early access videos before he posted them on YouTube.  And a lot of people don't have that and I think advertising is actually quite democratizing because everyone can have access to what you're creating and not have to buy anything and not have to pay out of pocket. Yeah, what's really interesting about this is kind of your understanding and I think kind of the perspective of there's no one strategy that everyone can take right and so that's not only  have ads supported. Is that kind of a fair way to look at the almost decision tree that some of these folks are going through? Yeah, exactly. I very much agree with that. And I think you can decompose personal preference into a lot of subcomponents too. I think it's like where you are in the creator lifecycle, like are you still trying to build up an audience space or have you reached the stage where you think your audience is big enough and you want to start monetizing them? I think another one is like,  sponsor and they just pay you a lump sum amount and that takes care of the bills for the next few months with a subscription offering you have to consistently be creating output like I've heard from people who have a patreon page set up that they feel like they have to create they have to offer these member benefits basically into perpetuity they can't stop because then you'll lose your subscribers and you're sort of breaking their trust that's not the case with advertising and so I completely agree that  through maybe one, this idea of intellectual property around a brand and kind of really getting people to buy into and align values with and want to continue to consume content from that brand. But also two, this idea of you can have kind of subscribers. So people who just pay you, you can have members of a community. Like there's almost this varying degree of your relationship with the people that you are interacting with, creating for, serving with a service or whatever.  provide value to founders. How do I package up my ideas in a way that I think would be helpful and valuable to them? It was never about me. It was about them and serving them. Like I've mentioned this in conversation with Polina before, but my bar of publishing something is super high. If I don't feel like this is going to be extremely additive to someone's life and the company  is through the lens of like, do I think this really helps a ton of people? And that's why I say the brand building has been accidental. I think through that people feel like my writing is very unique and authentic in the entire landscape of venture industry writing. But yeah, for me, it was never about personal brand building. Yeah. And then what about this idea of like digital communities, right? So, you know, take sub stack as an example.  is now saying, no, the readers are going to communicate with each other and with me, and it's more of an ongoing, larger value proposition to some degree. Is that kind of how you see it, or do you think of communities as kind of something else, or use a different framework maybe to look through that? Yeah. Well, so first of all, I think the term community is like wildly overused in the tech industry right now, because  network of very strong pairwise bonds and people have mutual concern and interest for each other. So that's how I define it. And so I think when we're talking about sub-stec writers or other content creators who are now cultivating communities and creating digital spaces for their audience to gather in one place and discuss whatever shared interests or topics or content that they all find interesting,  people are trying to seek from this place, how are they relating to each other? How can people benefit from each other and how can you deepen the care that everyone feels for each other versus just aggregating your followers into one place so that they consume more of your content? Like I think the latter is actually what a lot of people are trying to do, but it's like a faux community. Absolutely. Before we get into the rapid fire questions to end, I want to talk a little bit about this idea you have around the passion economy being a catalyst to help  celebrities to be built online and how do we help the top 1% of content creators make a ton of money. I mean, I think that's cool and all and that's great for them, but I am actually much more interested in the long tail of how do we empower anyone in the country to be able to make an income doing what they love. And that necessitates empowering the long tail and helping people who don't have  the upper class and the middle class. And I think obviously the solutions, well first the reasons for why this is the case, it's very multifaceted and complex and therefore the solutions to combat this are also very complex and nuanced. And I don't think that technology is going to solve everything. I think that it requires a multidisciplinary approach involving policy  to customers and to give people new ways of working that feel more meaningful and fulfilling to them. I think technology can create new jobs. I think technology can broaden access to new types of careers that were previously really inaccessible to lots of people. Like I think if you had asked people 10 years ago, do they think they can make a living full time as a newsletter writer, just writing a newsletter once a week, I think most people would have said no. And I think that answer has meaningfully shifted in the last couple of years because  is one where the world continues to improve and technology plays a big part of it. So not only do I agree, but I'm hoping that that is the case as well. Yeah, well, we can do our part as investors to help support those companies. Absolutely. I always ask the same two questions to wrap up and then you get to ask me one to end it. But the first one is just, what is the most important book that you have ever read? Wow. Oh my gosh.  It felt like my eyes were open to a brand new color that had previously not been visible to me. Yeah, it just describes love and emotions in such a beautiful way. Like the passages between Jane and Rochester in that novel are, I think, some of the most beautiful sentences that have ever been written in the English language. And I, yeah, I just have a keen appreciation  jaded adult. Um, I think it helps me from, from, I think it reading it when I did has helped me resist becoming jaded as an adult. That's a great answer. Uh, second question is a much more fun, which is aliens. Are you a believer or non-believer? Absolutely. Oh yes. Wow. Absolutely. Without hesitation. I mean, just mathematically it's like,  of belief on the simulation versus like the average citizen, but it's a non-zero chance. We can put it at that. Right. Yeah. Like if you read through that essay arguing for why we are living in a simulation, it just makes logical sense. I know that a lot of people disagree with me and so I hope I don't, I haven't just completely undermined the rest of this podcast. You would be surprised. I think there's a lot of people who listen to this who actually agree.  And for me, it's all about like the consistency of like when you order, you know what you're going to get. Um, yeah, I have one friend, uh, who I'm not going to say, cause I don't know if he wants this known or not, but, uh, he's somebody in the technology world that you probably know. Uh, and he makes homemade pizzas all the time. And, uh, every time he posts a picture of it, it always has like different toppings and different things. And I think that if I had to guess like there's this enjoyment of like,  the ones that you would try more so than like you would use every single time, right? Cause the whole idea of like being the homemade pizza maker, um, it's kind of like bread. Like I don't know anyone who makes the same bread every single night. It's usually they kind of experiment with different things, try different ones. And part of the experience is, Oh, this one was good. Or like, you know what, Lee, like you messed this one up, right? So that'd be my, you're just going for like guaranteed something that you know,  But there's also a lot of pizza that's way worse than Domino's as well. And so if you want to play kind of Russian roulette in order from places you don't know, knock yourself out. I have a couple of favorites like Joe's Pizza, et cetera, that I will get. But if I just, I want to know what I'm ordering right now, Domino's is. Domino's pepperoni. Got it. So, all right, Lee, thank you so much for doing this. I really appreciate it. Where can we send people to find you on the internet or kind of consume some of the content that you've been putting out there?  again in the future and best of luck as you start investing on these new themes. Thank you so much. This was really fun. I enjoyed it a ton.