 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got a special treat. I've got Jeff here with me. Thanks so much for doing this, sir. Good morning or good afternoon. Your time. Absolutely. Let's jump right into your background. Kind of what did you do before GGV? So I grew up in Seattle, moved to the East coast in 1990 to go to college up in New Hampshire at Dartmouth. Played basketball for four years there and then moved to Silicon Valley in 1990.  $25 million along the way and we were going to go public in 2000 and then the market cratered and we got punched in the face. And, uh, you know, as Mike Tyson says, everybody has a plan until you get punched in the face and we got punched. Uh, so it just was, it was brutal. Um, and the business, we lost half our revenue in six months and, and, uh, ended up kind of splitting up the company and selling it. I left in 2002. So I started when I was 25 left when I was 30, walked away with nothing. Uh, you know, at one point I was, was running a fairly valuable company and walked away with zero. So I learned a lot.  Yeah, so we're yeah, you met so we're a six and a half billion dollar global venture capital firm We operate as one team across the world. So that's a unique aspect of our business Most funds split it up and I'll have like an Israel fund a China fund a US fund We operate as one team. We have about 90 people in the US Singapore Beijing and Shanghai and we invest in India Latin America Southeast Asia China and the US and what that allows us to do and I think you know  Why wouldn't you want to bet on those trends around the world, particularly if you can build up some expertise and build a flywheel of entrepreneurs and executives that can help you grow in those industries? And so one good example, we were an early investor in Alibaba Group back in 2003 when it was a $10 million company. I think it was valued at about 200 million. This is before I joined, by the way. So when I say we, it's the Royal We. But that experience of watching Alibaba grow into the world's largest e-commerce platform, and oh, by the way, building relationships with all of the executives inside of that company as they went on to then  companies all over the world. What's so interesting to me here is basically once you see it in one area, you really can then go and capitalize it in other areas. How much of that is seeing the trend in the United States and then going and finding it in other markets? I think that's what we saw in the 2000s and maybe into the beginning of the 2010s. Or are you now seeing the reverse where you might see a trend happening in China or India or somewhere else, and then trying to find that happening here in the US? Yeah, it's a great point. From 2000 to 2010, I think everybody thought of the trend  So there are things that are coming from China and from these other markets that we're adopting and we're learning from. So you could argue, look at TikTok, that came from China. So I think it's a little bit of both. And then it's just the innovation around the world with access to capital flowing so freely now, when things do get created in one part of the world, they do get replicated and innovated in different parts of the world. So you're seeing tons of healthcare technology, which is, I think,  Peter, who started the company and is the CEO today, really saw something that most people didn't see. We met Peter in early 2014, and he was sort of pivoting out of an ad-driven business and into an e-commerce business. And what Peter saw, and subsequently what my partner Hans saw, was he was creating a mobile e-commerce platform for the mass consumer. So you think about in the US, we have Dollar General, we have Dollar Store, we have Kohl's, we have Walmart, we have all these  is part of Alibaba. It's the largest e-commerce platform in the world, cater to the mass market. Offer everything from $2 products to $200 products, but the high end actually took a lot more time. Right now, today, we have open door in real estate and carvana and cars, and the high end is actually getting discovered. But Peter built a $10 billion plus company on the back of the middle to low end consumer, and that market is enormous. He calls it Amazon subprime.  you've got companies like Affirm, you've got obviously Square, you've got a lot of companies that have started to go after that more mass market consumer. But that's a relatively recent trend. Even the SMB tech economy that Square and BigCommerce and Shopify are playing in, that really started in 2010. Before that, nobody in tech really went after SMB or even the mass market consumer. That's a relatively recent trend. Yeah. You also invested in Coinbase, which is a countertrend. When that company started, there was nobody really  in addition to the US. And to be fair, we were folks like USV and Andreessen Horowitz and other funds that were ahead of the curve on that and did very well investing in Bitcoin and elsewhere. So we weren't early to that trend, but we made a couple of small investments in some new projects and said, look, one of the things we do believe will happen if Bitcoin and crypto are here to stay is Coinbase will do very well. And I think that turned out to be a good bet. I wish we had invested more. Famous last words of every investor.  I think what will be a very viable company. Yeah, I think we're seeing a lot of companies who took the opposite approach right now, kind of paying for those sins, right? Whether it's regulators stepping in or just kind of all sorts of issues. I tend to agree with that approach. Which, by the way, was so short-sighted. If you read any book on politics, politics and money are very tied together, right? So one of the reasons the EU broke up was those countries lost control of their own currency.  government. I just don't believe it will. I tend to agree with you. Another company that is going up against some incumbents and trying to disrupt things is Lambda School. There's obviously some regulation involved there, but also just some innovation. What was that story? One of the things I've learned in venture over time is when you get people that are going after really big market opportunities with asymmetric ideas, and I'll give you a couple of examples. Airbnb,  go talk to Brian and Joe and Nate 10 years ago. Nobody thought that was an obvious idea. And I would put Austin in that same category. He's trying to change the way the education system works. And he's saying, why should I have to spend $200,000 to go get a CS degree at Stanford to get a job at Google? That just doesn't make any sense. And by the way, when I come out of it, I owe $200,000. The way the whole system works is the individual takes all the risk. And so what he did was basically created this concept. He didn't really create the concept, but he capitalized on the concept of the ISA.  one, get rid of the student loan problem, and two, democratize access so that if you're up a restart at Starbucks and you want to get a CS degree and go get a job at Google or Amazon or Facebook, you can do that through Lambda School. Now, you have to work your ass off and it's hard. One of the things that he figured out along the way, you got to make it hard. If I'm going to take the risk on you to get a job, I've got to make it hard to ensure that you've got the grit to actually work your ass off and go get that job and do well once you have that job. And so there's this really kind of mutually beneficial  seeing his business not succeed. But one of the things that I always tell people, I have the best job in the world. One of the reasons is I get to take risks on people like Austin and say, hey, if you get this right, it's a 10, 20, 30, $40 billion company. And by the way, it changes our system. And if you get it wrong, that's a bummer. But that's what we get paid to do. It would suck if it's a zero. But that's our job. Go take those risks and try and fund those ideas that can change these markets. And then, I mean, whether it's Austin or Garrett Lord at Handshave,  a few years ago, if you look back at 10 years ago, there was basically one company in SMB tech, it was Intuit. And today there's probably 40 companies that we would put into that bucket that are valued at about a half a trillion dollars. Shopify is probably the most obvious example. It's valued at a hundred billion, but you've got Wix and Square and RingCentral and 8x8 and BigCommerce. And there's a whole bunch of companies that their entire universe is powering small business. And by the way, in small business, 60% of America works for a small business.  to make it feasible to serve a small business customer for $100 or $200 a month in a way that you couldn't do five years earlier. And that has now powered a whole generation of companies that are being built on that technology. And if you just look at those companies over the last 12 to 18 months, they've been ripping. As an investor, if you own that index of companies, you've done very, very, very well. And the reason is people have figured out that when our economy reboots, we come out of coronavirus and the economy reboots. I just wrote a post called  And the reason why I'm so positive out of that is a lot of those folks will go on and never go back and get a normal job again. They'll have some great small business and that business will be built on technology. They'll have a website on Winnics. They'll have POS with Square. They'll use marketing from HubSpot. They'll have a phone system from Ring Central. So those companies I just think are not only hugely valuable today, but have an extremely bright future. As that 40% US GDP, more and more of those companies move on to technology. And so you mentioned Slice,  And by the way, there's 32,000 in America had zero technology. Most of them don't even have a point of sale system. And so, Alir said, I'm going to go build that technology for them, the mobile and web ordering. And then eventually I'll be able to power their business with marketing and capital and a whole bunch of other resources to help them grow, just like Domino's helps its franchisees grow. So that business, I think, I think we publicly announced the other day is now eclipsed a billion in sales. And all of those are sales going to small and local merchants.  Right? Like basically give the tools to the people who are going up against the incumbents and he doesn't say it, right? But it's basically what he's doing for these local pizzerias is saying, Hey, look, you don't have the ability to ever match from a technology standpoint what these large people are doing. And what's really interesting, I was thinking through it the other day is there's a Starbucks around the corner from in New York, right? And everyone's always like all the big corporation. And I was in there and it's actually a franchise owned one. And so this is, you know, literally the husband and the wife are working on like a Sunday morning  slice seems to be doing is the exact same thing. It's just empowering everything. It's just under one brain, right? But it's saying, Hey, we're going to give you all the same things. We're gonna give you the systems. We're gonna give you the technology. We're gonna get help with marketing. Like we're going to do everything that if you were a franchisee would get only now you can do it under your own brand, you own your own business. And we're just simply a event, right? Yeah. And you capture the majority of the economics. You're not paying a franchise fee to star. You're not paying royalty. So Lear calls it the reverse franchise, right? So it's sort of like, sort of like the way Uber approached the transportation industry that said, look, we don't need to own  You know, one of the hidden secrets of the whole food delivery industry is, you know, DoorDash, Uber Eats, Grubhub, those guys take as much as 25 or 30% of the order value. That does not work for merchants. I mean, the hidden secret of that industry is merchants, your average restaurant merchant nets 5% at the end of the year. So how can you pay out 30% to somebody who's delivering the food? You just can't. And so what we're seeing now is a gradual transition of those merchants off of those third party delivery platforms onto Slice.  called the long home is doing it in the residential real estate space. So this whole idea of like arm the small business merchant to help them compete with the big guy, I think is super powerful. And it's also, I mean, one of the challenges we're going to have coming out of this economy we're in right now is you've got your Starbucks, your Shake Shack, your Chipotle, your, you know, whatever they have that have cash, right? So your Shake Shack with a billion dollars in their balance sheet, they can do things in terms of transforming their restaurants into pickup and delivery and, and take away  financing arm or partner with a third party to offer financing these merchants. Well, that gives a super positive trend. Yeah. One of the other trends that you've been pretty adamant about, and I think founders are starting to wake up to, and I know that there's a couple of other venture capitalists in Silicon Valley now that are voicing, hey, this was a horrible idea. It was this idea of staying private longer. And I know that you've been a big proponent. Many of your companies have gone public earlier than the trend. Talk a little bit just about how  successful. I just like there's just no data to support that. One of the greatest companies of all time went public at 500. So, and so then we got into this mode, you know, over the last five to seven years, partially because of the massive influx of capital from firms like SoftBank saying to entrepreneurs, Hey, don't go public. I'll give you $500 million. Just continue to grow as a private company. And look, there was some, there was some validity to that, right? It was easy to take the money. It didn't require a lot of effort.  more dilution than they needed to. And that, you know, that doesn't help us as shareholders. It doesn't help the founders. And I think a lot of people in hindsight are looking back and saying, gosh, I probably could have built this company with two or 300 million less. And oh, by the way, be public today and trading at a really healthy multiple if I had just kind of taken the time to put in place all those pieces along the way. So, you know, look, we're very lucky. We've had eight companies go public in the last 12 months. We've got another four or five that'll get out in the next five or six months. Those are companies that we invested in, you know, six to nine years ago and have spent the last 12 to 18 months  And so I hope that trend continues. The one wrinkle in the conversation right now is the whole SPAC trend and whether we will have some companies that go public prematurely that otherwise wouldn't have gone public through the normal IPO process. And I think that could color people's, you know, say, Oh gosh, this company didn't do well as a public company. It's like, well, they kind of took an unconventional path to get there. We have a process set up where a bank vets the company. Now we could use some better technology in the pricing methodology for IPOs, which Bill Gurley has talked quite extensively about.  square versus square staying private for five years and being worth $50 billion, and then only increasing in value and $20 billion in the public markets capturing that value. So it's just good all around. And by the way, as a public company, you put permanent capital on your balance sheet, you lock in job creation for decades to come. It's just good for the economy overall. And we've also seen, I think, some companies that tried to go through the traditional IPO process and kind of fall apart under the scrutiny. Right. And so we work exactly the same way.  what they thought it was. And, um, you know, the other, the other side of that is I do think there are some specs that will be successful just like just, just like IPO is just like anything else. I think there's a handful of managers, you know, you look at what you're often Adam are doing. You look at what Mark Stodds doing at Dragon era, by Dursin or at Altimeter. I mean, there's a handful of people who are professional investors that know what they're doing, who I think will find great companies to, to take public. Then there are another, you know, the other 80, 90% that I just, I just don't,  was there and how you see that. Well, look, this has been a tough year. I mean, you know, pick your demographic, right? If you work in a factory and you got laid off, if you're a kid, that's not getting to go to school right now, if you work in a tech company and you're working from home, like it's been a rough year. And I think, um, you know, one of my hopes is that mental health becomes sort of a more acceptable topic for people to talk about because it's a very real issue. I think this year in particular, I think we're going to have some lasting effects.  for it. So the CEO said, okay, I got a pandemic. I'm going to deal with it. Very compassionate about dealing with their employees, which I just, we took a lot of pride in even big companies like Salesforce and Twitter and Facebook that did the same thing. And then I think people were, you know, we were in an age today where we have Zoom, we have Slack, we have, you know, messaging and iPhones and all this technology. I mean, can you imagine if this happened 10 years ago, you and I wouldn't be having this conversation. Like there was no, there was no Zoom. We would have to set up some kind of weird like Cisco Webex. And so we  where he said, I'm predicting the Nike recovery. And it was like the swoosh logo where like, you know, Q2 was bad. And then boom, things took off. And that's what we're seeing. You know, for the majority of our companies, Q3 was a record quarter. And Q4 is looking really, really good. So I'm very optimistic heading into next year. We obviously have some huge challenges as a country. But you know, I'll tell you what we're seeing between the lines. Tech companies are doing well. A lot of small businesses are doing well, right? Try to buy a used car, try to buy a bike, try to buy an RV,  that people compare China and India, and you really had two very different approaches over the last 20 years. China took a very pro-capitalism government, helping to drive the economy approach. India did not do as much of that. And so one of the reasons why we're bullish on India today versus maybe five or 10 years ago is you have Reliance Geo that has been rolling out this basically free wireless network all across the country, and literally hundreds of millions of people coming into the wireless economy that were not there  I think in China, the interesting thing about China, obviously they were hit with the coronavirus in January, but their economy today is basically back, right? Kids are in school, people are dining out, travel has rebounded back to pre-pandemic levels. Obviously they took a very aggressive approach to how they dealt with the pandemic, much more aggressive than we did, but it worked. And so one of the reasons why I'm optimistic about the US is I think eventually we didn't take that approach, but I am confident  There's a lot of reasons why it will continue to thrive. You've got entire categories like healthcare that are still really early in that market. And there's just so much room for innovation that it's just as smart to have some allocation there. Absolutely. We recently saw Paystack, a company in Nigeria on the continent of Africa, get acquired by Stripe. What are you guys seeing in any of the African countries? So we, to be fair, we don't have a presence there. And frankly, it's just like we always tell our people,  demographic is going to have access to mobile devices and eventually have rising incomes. That is a pretty compelling market to be. And it's just not one, we're just not there today, but definitely listen to the podcast of Maya. She's incredible. One of the smartest people I've ever listened to period, but in particular on Africa. Yeah, that's awesome. Um, you've been investing for a long time, uh, both in the public and private markets. Uh, what would you say are your biggest lessons learned over the years, uh, either by your biggest wins or your biggest losses?  Now, I don't know if that's 2025 or June, but based on what I saw in 0809 and what I saw in 2001, on the other side, the US economy, and I'm not the only one to say this, Warren Buffett said it, don't bet against the American economy. So I invested more money in March than I've invested in the last five years combined. Now, I didn't know when it would pay off. It turned out to pay off very quickly, but that was a lesson that I learned from 0809. I didn't have any money in 0809.  Your point about Bitcoin, right? Bitcoin peaks, $20,000 drops back at $11. If you dollar cost average, then you made money. I heard you telling Jim Cramer that. Same thing happens in the market. And so if you have names you like or companies you like or trends that you believe in, buy those equities and when they drop, add a little bit more, right? You don't have to go all in day one. But, you know, like I've owned Salesforce since it went public. You know, I wish I owned more. I think I only put in like $1,500 because I didn't have a lot of money back then, but it's been a good one to own. And so if you know, and there are companies  Simple, go long QQQ and WCLD. Wisdom Cloud just tracks the Bessemer Software Index, QQQ obviously is the NASDAQ. Just buy those two things. You'll make money over the next 10 years. And then the last one I think we've all learned as investors is let your winners run. I mean, the value creation that has happened post IPO for tech companies over the last decade is just astonishing. 80% of the value for companies happens post IPO. So a lot of people in the venture industry,  to acquire companies. He acquired SendGrid, and then he made another acquisition just recently. So, you know, he's building a powerhouse. I mean, I'm super long Twilio. It's one of my largest positions. It has been almost since the company went public. I believe in him. I believe in the market they're in. And then I see him making moves that say, okay, he's not going to just sit back and sit on his ass and watch the stock price go up. He's going to be aggressive and try and build a category defining company. There are others like that that are coming to market. And I just think, you know, like I was telling her, I had a bunch of conversations with their LPs recently and they said,  How can you not be bullish right now? Yeah. And I think that it's really the pandemic has just accelerated trends that were already underway. It was like all this technology stuff, people knew, hey, this is going to be valuable. But you're literally just seeing people now forced to adopt it. And that's part of the acceleration and the growth trends. But it's also, I think now what you're doing is it's kind of the creativity comes out of constraints. And so people are being forced to, hey, I got to get a job. I got to solve one of my problems. And that's where you see a bunch of company creation as well.  go back to a 24 hour fitness, but a lot of them won't a very high percentage of them won't say, Hey, you know what? I love working out at home. You're going to have a whole new category of entrepreneurs in the fitness category. I believe, right? Yoga instructors and fitness instructors who were like, why am I, why am I making 15 bucks an hour to go teach it a fitness shop shop when I can teach my own classes on zoom and make 10 grand a month. But like there's a, there's an entire economy of entrepreneurs that are going to sprout up to your point out of necessity. Like they didn't have a choice. Like it sucks. We had to shock our economy.  humans will constantly improve and push forward the innovation. Being long is the right way to look at every sector. Yeah. And I think we have these shirts because we tell entrepreneurs we want to go long. We want to back entrepreneurs that want to build enduring companies that will be very large. But I think the same thing is true in the market. I had a friend of mine text me last week, and he's like, hey, do you think I should sell my Zoom? It's had a big run. I'm like, I don't know. I'm not selling. I'm super bullish on Eric.  When you are long with these exceptional entrepreneurs who are willing to take risks and you give them capital, once they go public, they have capital to work with, holy crap, hold those positions. I mean, unless you have to sell, and in particular, if tax rates go up and you're paying a higher tax rate to sell than you are today, I think you're going to see a lot of people owning these names for years and making a lot of money in tech stocks. I just, multiples could compress, but we also have to remember, in the software,  I love so many books about entrepreneurs, but I would go back to one my dad gave me when I was a teenager in the seven habits, a highly successful people. I just think it's like, it's super basic advice, but it grounds you. And there are things in there that you'll learn and live by the rest of your life. It's timeless because it works, right? And it's just, there's so many times when I think back to, there's an example in that book of, you know, a guy on a subway, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a bus, a  The second question is more fun. Aliens, believer or non-believer?  I always say, everyone thinks of aliens as something that is, let's say, in space. There's a lot of stuff we don't know about our own oceans. When you put that in relationship, then you think, okay, we have this idea of how big the galaxy is, for example. We just know it's big, but when you hear the numbers, you're like, okay, I have no comparison point to understand how big that really is. When you start to hear things like, I think it was Neil deGrasse Tyson said that,  Um, I just think it's crazy to assume like if you assume we figured everything out Like that's a that's a tough way to go through life. Yeah, they're passing like like being optimist Like nobody thought we could land a rocket we should have rocket into space and landed on a little platform in the ocean and then he did it and everybody's like Oh, yeah Like that took what 50 years of space travel to figure that out and then somebody figured it out So it's like I don't know and it's it's part of what makes life great Like there's new things you discover and learn and so I just like, you know Do I want to go hang out with aliens? Not necessarily but do I believe there are people out there? Yeah  What pops into your mind, something you've learned from all of that? Take away, maybe you didn't have a year or two ago. Here's the scary part is it's not so much things that maybe are groundbreaking. It's almost like a return to the basics. It's things like the most successful people work their asses off. I have yet to have somebody come on and be like, hey, guess what? Here's the secret. I did this one thing. Now I'm a billionaire. There's not a single person who's done that.  And then, you know, Cramor was a good example. There's many others. And I think that maybe the perception of these people would be like, oh, they think they know everything, but it's actually the exact opposite. And the last thing is how kind of compassionate people are, right? A lot of the enjoyment for me in the podcast is actually the time before or after the podcast where I'm kind of talking about other things. And, you know, during the episodes, there's a lot of kind of focus on business and investing and the things that people kind of come to the podcast listen for. But before and after,  It was always like the easy stuff. It was like, hey, my parents. My parents did everything to get me here. But then you hear stories of like, whoa, that was like way out on the side. We saw recently Ryan Kalbic came out with this story and basically, kind of to your point of like reveals a whole side of stress and obstacles that he was overcoming that nobody knew about. And I think that your point just on,  somebody's life by taking an interest, taking some specific actions and following up. And so I've tried to in the last few years, deliberately pick out a couple of folks that I thought I could help. And it's been, it's been very rewarding to have them come back to me and say, Hey, I don't know whether you did this intentionally or not, but you made an impact. And I think if more, you know, if, if everyone did that, imagine what would happen, right?  It's just philanthropy, right? It's behind the scenes actions of actually taking an interest in somebody's life and trying to help them be successful. Yeah. And I think part of it too is like, it's not just a money thing, right? Like that's one piece of it. It's literally, hey, that person who made an introduction for you, that person who, you know, responded to an email with a little bit of advice. And, and frankly, here's the crazy part is I've literally seen, um, people that I know who pitched a venture capitalist as kind of an extreme example and the venture capital said,  And so, I think that's the thing, like genuinely trying to help people. Uh, there's the world could do better having more of it. Right. Yeah. And so my thing is how do we create more of that? How do we get, cause I'm amazed how I have a lot of friends who are very successful, who I don't think realize how much they could do for other people. And they're like, Oh yeah, I give, I give money to this. I give money to this and give them this. But it's like, man, you're, you're so good at what you do. If you just took an interest in three or four people and tried to help them. And most people do.  And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do that. And I'm like, okay, I