 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Mike here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Yeah, absolutely. Thanks for the invite. For sure. Let's jump right into your background. Can I tell us, what did you do before you found crypto, and then how did you find Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies? Yeah, so if we go all the way back, I was born and raised in Rochester, New York.  18 and she left a family of 18. And just recently, I've been thinking about how risky that was. And I think some of the risks I've taken throughout my life probably come from her as an example of that. And then I went to my dad said, you want to take over the company? And I'm like, no, I want to go to college. And I went and got a civil engineering degree in MBA at the University of Buffalo. And I got on GE's leadership program.  vision and tapping into the passion of the people. And then I think the other big item was, you got to have the right people in the right seats. So there's a lot of focus around talent, talent, talent. And then I'm a firm believer that if you get people that are excited about their jobs, they're going to give it their all and you give them some freedom and they typically over-deliver.  about the future of how mankind and technology come together and evolve. Literally, we got home and I read an article about blockchain. I'm like, wait, this is exactly what he's talking about. It reminded me of the start of the internet. I was in college when Netscape came out, early, early, early days. The reality was I chickened out. I should have moved to Silicon Valley. Instead, I took the safe route and went to work at GE, which was the big company at the  I realized I'm not a really good trader, like too emotional. And then I fell in love with the mining space. I thought, wow, you really have to build out the infrastructure first before this thing's really going to scale. And it just made sense to me. It just seemed like that's the first thing to go. So I literally poured everything I had into it and went full-time. And I have to give it a little shout out to my buddies and  wanted. And it was, I was really out of my element, but, um, I've come to appreciate that, that part of it. So what was the fascination or like, what pulled you into the mining side of it all? Like, like I said, I think that it was, you have to build the infrastructure first to, to be able to scale. And I thought, um, I thought I can do that. Right. Like I'm an engineer. I understand how to,  away from it, but I think the easiest place for me to make that leap was on the mining front. For sure. And maybe give us an overview where the mining industry is today in terms of how big is this, who are the players, and then maybe geography-wise, is there things going on in North America, in Asia? There's so many rumors. How do you see mining as a business in an industry? Yeah. And maybe I can tell part of that story.  out like 6 megawatts in 6 weeks, which just kind of like, I was like, whoa, these guys are moving fast. And they talked me into joining them and helping them kind of grow their business. And over the next year, it scaled to 100 megawatts. And then about a year ago, Barry called and said, hey, we're ready to get into the mining space and would you like to come lead the team? So, you know, mining has, you know, if you go back to the beginning, it was like any piece of  the space moves so, so quickly. Yeah. And so talk a little bit about DCG and Foundry, right? So you get this call from Barry. He goes, Hey, we're going to get into mining. They're not an average investor or a team. They've obviously made some very, very big plays and been super successful with a lot of things they've done. What was your reaction when you got that phone call and then kind of what have you guys done so far? Yeah. I mean, I, you know, being on the outside, always looking in, it was, it was like, wow, there's a lot of special things happening at DCG.  early in the early days and I just didn't want anything to do with it. And then he goes, about a year and a half ago, they tried to buy some machines, not very many. And he goes, it hasn't changed much. And he just couldn't believe that the mining industry still operated that way. And he just thought, now's the time for it to kind of, let's up the game around mining. And he said, he felt like it was the right time to bring in  that we're getting ready to go through another cycle. There's new machines that are coming out. It's time for everybody to upgrade their equipment. And there's not enough capital. And what's interesting is most of these machines are all manufactured in China. And the Chinese typically get the first crack at them. And you need to make big bets early in the process to get to the head of the line.  That's not our goal is to be the biggest miner. That's not what we're setting out to do. Really, our goal is to decentralize the hash rate around the world. How do we support these decentralized infrastructures? And I should note, it's not just proof of work. It's also proof of stake. So we've got a whole team doing proof of stake nodes and supporting that new industry that's starting to develop.  a bunch of inventory on their hands and they weren't able to offload it in the price points and timing that they wanted. Maybe help people understand where we are today. We're recording this in October of 2020. How do you see where we are now? What is the expectation? Why did you think that 2020 was the year to start something like this? The cycles in the mining industry are brutal. I don't know how else to say it. Why?  There's a race to get lower cost energy. There's a race to build a stronger machine. And we go through these cycles because when new technology comes out that is two or three times better or more efficient than the prior generation, people want to upgrade to that equipment. And what it does is it forces as we upgrade, it forces out the weak hands, right? So it forces out the people with high operating  we are in those cycles and which machines to purchase. And it's interesting because you almost have to bet countercyclical. So I don't think it's much different than probably exploring for natural gas or oil or like there's times to be investing in the space and there's times to be pulling away. And right now, we're very bullish on where this is going. We think that the latest generation of equipment is going to be here for several years. We think it's  Absolutely. And then talk a little bit about the process of actually upgrading a facility. So somebody's got a facility, they've got older equipment in there, they're mining, there's revenue coming in the door. You guys go to them and kind of how do you work with them? What is your product suite or service suite look like in terms of how you can actually help that miner upgrade? Yeah, absolutely. So we created a product for you using the equipment as collateral, which was something that really hadn't been done in the space before. And we've deployed, you know, we've deployed  of 18 months. We also provide advisory services. So we help people think through their business, how to avoid a lot of the traps that there is in Bitcoin mining. You really have to make a couple of missteps and lose all your money. So I would say that if there's anybody that's looking to deploy a lot of money into mining, call us first and we can kind of talk you through it. Why this is either a good idea  they're very excited about growing the North American market. They see it as a huge opportunity. Yeah. Can you name any of the people that you have kind of put a thumbs up on in terms of miners in the US or do you want to refrain from that? I was thinking about that. I'm sure they would all love me to name each one and then I'll probably forget somebody and I'll get in a lot of trouble. So we'll, over the next couple of months, I think we'll be more and more vocal about who we're working with.  And in Canada, I think the temperatures are right, the infrastructure is there, and it's a lot of abandoned power. So we can... There's a lot of people, they find these spots, they step in, and a lot of the local communities are figuring this out, and they're embracing it. They're like, wow, this is a big deal. You mentioned power. One of the things that everyone loves to talk about, who does not like Bitcoin, is you idiots are all spending all of the power.  I think there's about eight gigawatts worth of power right now securing the Bitcoin network. There's definitely an element, like if you believe in Bitcoin, the more power that secures it, the better it is for the network and the more valuable the network is. I think it's incredibly transparent how much power is being used.  spends like $9 billion on fuel. We spend $2 billion on electricity to secure the Bitcoin network. And I'd say the other piece is where the Bitcoin algorithm is so ruthless in terms of driving cost out that it's constantly looking for low cost energy. And what we're finding is there's lots of pockets of this around the world where it actually helps the grid, it helps the power grid, it makes  off of that right now. It's just going unused and they can't get their head wrapped around it yet. But we think that's changing very quickly. I mean, I think in the future, we believe very strongly that the electric companies, the power producers, they're gonna get engaged in this industry. We're already starting to see it. And I think nation states at some point are gonna say, oh wow, we gotta get  but actually we should see every nation state eventually do this? I think so. I mean, every nation state has a strategy around oil. They have a strategy around natural gas. They have a strategy around gold. And I think they're going to have a strategy around Bitcoin. And I think part of that strategy is we can produce it. We have an advantage and we need to take advantage of, you know, use that advantage to produce Bitcoin. I think it's just a matter of time. Like where does this go?  I don't know. I think it's kind of like once it starts, it's going to be hard to stop. It's kind of like some of the companies now that are investing in their treasury into crypto. I think all of a sudden, it's like, wait, they're doing what? And wait, they're making how much money on this? And why are they doing it? And why aren't we doing it? And I think it's just a matter of time before every  at over 60%. I think there's a lot more in the US than they've got in their calculations, but I think we're probably in the 10% to 15% range right now. And I think over the next 24 months, it's probably going to double. I think there's going to be more and more capital flowing into North American miners. The facilities have been built out. There's some really big projects that are going to be announced soon for additional capacity.  be evenly spread throughout the world. That's what makes Bitcoin great. Absolutely. What's the biggest risk that you see to the mining business, whether it's here in North America or elsewhere? Biggest risk. It's one of the most efficient markets, right? So my first reaction was, oh, if Bitcoin price tanks, oh no. But as you know, every, what was it, 2000?  the difficulty is going to tank and then it'll make sense to mine again. Right? So, um, so I don't know what the, I don't see any major risks right now. I suppose, I suppose the U S government printing more and more money and we had to, you know, economic ruin that that would be detrimental to a lot of folks, but. And in terms of how you guys see, um, kind of the mining cycles and some of those risks,  it's maturing at this incredible pace and it looks very different today than it did a year ago. I mean, today, we're financing equipment manufacturers. A year ago, every miner in North America was begging for that solution and it didn't look like anybody would ever step up and do it. So it's changing quickly. I mean, we're even... We're looking at the derivatives market, right? So like miners, I've always said like miners are really good at  doing this and it's not hurting our operation and it's a better way to manage our cashflow. And it's like, whoa, this is really cool. And our, our goal is how do we train and help other miners take advantage of that stuff so that they can, you know, shore up their operations and be more profitable. Yeah. And it's one of these weird businesses too, right? We're like, what other business does your balance sheet expand? Like the actual value of your balance sheet can expand or shrink at a very rapid rate. Right. Yeah. It's scary.  to view mining almost like critical infrastructure, so almost like a utility. So I think a lot of miners, I think they come into it with a little bit of a wrong approach of, we're going to get rich quick. And I've yet to meet any of those guys. So I don't think it's a get rich quick kind of business, kind of like a utility is not a get rich quick business. I think mining is over time is going to become a very  depends on price, on market cycle, on the technology you buy, the shelf life of that technology, how expensive is the power, what's the source of your power? There's a lot of inputs here and if you're sophisticated and you know what you're doing, it's a great business to be in. If you're not, good luck, right? Yeah, sure. What has been some of your biggest takeaways? You guys have invested $100 million or so into mining. You've partnered up with DCG to do this. What's been your biggest takeaway?  a better outlook or look into the whole blockchain space than anybody else. So they really understand it and they understand the risks and the rewards. And Barry's been really supportive. He's like, look at Mike, you don't have to hit home run, just get on base. We just need to get on base on a regular cadence. And this idea of betting countercyclical, I think, is really, really important. So we place some really big  is actually going to hold true for quite some time because we're early in the cycle. I really encourage people if you're... I've told a lot of people, if you don't think now's a good time to get into the mining space, you should just buy Bitcoin. If you're struggling today with this decision, then this isn't the right space for you. One of the last things I want to do before we get into some of the rapid fire stuff is help people understand the unit economics.  here's what to do. What does that unit economics look like in kind of the bull case? Yeah. So I think, I think most miners want their machines to pay back in less than 12 months. Right. And when, when the industry gets really frothy or when it did the last time, it was like machines were paying back in, in three months, four months, you know, it was like, you plugged it in and you got all your money back and it was amazing. I think one of the important things to look at is how long do you think the machines are going to last?  If you're mining, you're still making money through that whole process. So the machines are still paying for themselves. So it's a little bit of a hedge for the downside. And then you get all the upside if you get them plugged in before the market really runs. So you got to buy them. I tell people, you got to buy them at the right price. You have to pick up a provider that can get them installed when they arise. And you got to have a low hosting  the business for the next 10 to 20 years. Right? Like, everybody looks so short term in this industry. This is for the long haul. And I think 10 years from now, I really do think nation states will be in the mining business somehow, some way. And I think will be their first phone call to help them through that process. I also think that we didn't spend much time talking about, but the proof of stake world, I think, is going to be fascinating over the next  Absolutely. I always ask the same two questions to everyone before I finish up. First is most important book. What do you got for me? Yeah. So, so most important book, I would, you know, I think there's different books at different parts of times in my life that have been like the most important book. I'll tell you when I was a young kid, I really struggled to read. So when like early grade school, that's probably why I became an engineer,  My four-year-old passed away. She had a bad heart. And it was a really, really tough time, obviously, in my life. And I got a chance to meet the author and read the book. And it was like, wow, here's somebody who was having the exact same crazy thoughts I was having. And it really helped me to know that I wasn't alone in the journey.  That's something that over all these episodes has come out over and over and over again So it's a great recommendation. Uh, the second one is a little bit more fun aliens believer or non-believer Uh, yeah, i'm a believer, you know like the math just seems to be there I was thinking about this like We only discovered gravity like 350 years ago like there's 500 years ago people still thought the earth was flat like  I don't know if I go that far on that one. Like the machines, I love the fact that we're building a computer that can never be shut down and the computer is incentivizing us to go do it. And we are totally hook, line, sinker. We are all in and trying to build this thing as fast as we possibly can.  What do you think is the biggest threat to Bitcoin besides government takeover or 51% attack? Self-inflicted wound. Somebody introduces code that ends up having a bug in it. I think that's by far, that's the most likely thing to happen. I don't think that it is likely to happen, but the thing that has the highest chance of happening is that even more so than governments or any of the other things that people love  I used to joke, I'd walk into institutions and meet with their investment committees or their investment teams. Like, Oh, this sounds awesome. Where can we learn more? And like, what am I going to be like? Well, you can go follow crypto Panda on Twitter. Like, no, right. Like, and by the way, like that's not a knock against a pseudonymous account, right? Of any of them, like actually ask for most of the best information or like, Oh, you should go to this telegram channel. They're like, what the hell's telegram? Right? So, so it's like, by the way, that's where the best information is. So I think that like,  You're like, no, so don't worry about it. Just believe. What's the Satoshi line? If you don't believe in Bitcoin, I don't have time to explain it to you. It's crazy. All right, Mike, listen, thank you so much for doing this. Where can people find you and more about Foundry on the internet? Foundrydigital.com is, I think, the best place to get us. Twitter handle for me is, call your mic.  I'll see you. Bye.