 Hello, everyone. Welcome to LA Blockchain Summit. I am incredibly excited to have Chairman Tarbert here with me. Thank you so much for joining and doing this. My pleasure. It's great to be here at LA Blockchain. Absolutely. You've got a very kind of interesting and storied career across finance and business. Maybe just let's start with your background and kind of how you get to the chairmanship of the CFTC.  and also a deep finance background. And so I've served in a variety of different functions. I've actually served in all three branches of the US government. Was a clerk at the federal judiciary, both at the US Court of Appeals and the US Supreme Court. I had worked in the White House and a couple of administrations ago. I had worked on the Senate Banking Committee during the Dodd-Frank Act discussions. And then ultimately found myself a couple of years ago as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury  10 years ago, it would be very odd to have the derivatives regulator talking to folks in LA and Silicon Valley and elsewhere, but it's because the definition of commodity includes so many things. And now Bitcoin, Ether, some of the cryptocurrencies are under the purview of the CFTC, but so is gold, so is wheat, so is corn, so are financial contracts, interest rates. So there's so many things that the derivatives markets track. They basically enable the US economy, but quite frankly, the foreign economy  And also, I think the CFTC for the last number of years has been very forward thinking in terms of how they've thought about the role of cryptocurrency in digital assets, not only today, but also kind of where we're going, which I think has served a very big beneficiary being to the community. Let's talk a little bit about central bank digital currencies. I think everyone realizes that the United States wants to be a technology leader, wants to be a leader in the global financial  I want to see the United States lead in blockchain technology. For me, it's not necessarily something that the government needs to be and be involved with directly, but there could be benefits to that as well. But I really want to see the United States continue to support innovation in this space because I do see other countries coming in and starting to potentially take the lead. And I think it's really important that a debt, a democracy such as ours continues to be on the forefront of this for the future of the global financial system.  but rather that the US has fallen behind in technology. So I know the Federal Reserve and other central banks around the world are having discussions about central bank digital currencies. And to some extent, there's kind of a metaphysical question as to, well, should it actually be a digital currency on a blockchain, or can we simply speed up our payment systems? But the bottom line is that I think everyone agrees that our payment mechanisms in the United States and in many countries around the world  really, really slow and bureaucratic and very intentional with the way that they move. If you then asked somebody in the government or a large corporation, they'd be like, oh my God, crypto moves at light speed. And so there's almost this inherent tension between not messing things up when you're working with the government or making decisions that affect entire economies and populations. And in the crypto world, I think there's this iterative technology driven, how do we just experiment and innovate as fast as we can?  but in an area like blockchain, an area that is really focused on algorithms, on mathematics, on continuing to develop technology and ideas, just as America, just as it's always been in our country, I think the private sector is the ultimate generator of great types of innovation. And so I want to continue to do that. And so I see my role as a regulator as not so much innovating ourselves, but we want to be innovative for a regulator, but not necessarily innovate for the community.  through sound regulation. Now, all of those characteristics are important, integrity, resilience, and vibrancy. We'll talk about those probably a little later. But of those, vibrancy is the one that gets at the innovation, gets at the innovation point, that we don't want our markets to be stale. We want them to be continuing to develop and be innovative. We also chose our four core values, and among them is forward thinking, that we always want to stay ahead of the curve. So then becomes the question, well, how do you do that? Particularly, how do you  essentially a liaison between the regulator and those that are being regulated as well as those that are developing new technologies in Silicon Valley, elsewhere in California, and all over the world. And so we want to learn as much as we can and we want to listen to the blockchain community. And at the same time, we hope the blockchain community would listen to us to learn a little bit about our regulatory framework. So there truly is a meeting in the minds. But in terms of education, just during the pandemic,  And then the final thing I would say is in Washington, there's a mantra, personnel is policy. It all comes down to the people in many cases. So we've looked and I've tried to hire people that come from the tech community. So our new head of Lab CFTC, she came from a Silicon Valley based company. Two, one person in my office, as well as one of our division directors came from a cryptocurrency exchange. And then finally, we just hired one of the few people  where can we play and kind of help to encourage innovation and experimentation, but also at the same time, really empower the teams, I think, to understand, here's what you should be thinking about, here's what you should not be, and kind of here's the boundaries to play with and I think is obviously just in the success of that initiative, pretty obvious there. Previously, you've talked about kind of the demand for Bitcoin futures or other types of derivatives. And, you know, I think the way that you've talked about it is Bitcoin futures demand has been lower  first, which is what is our role in this? And so we don't pick winners and losers. Our job is to create a structure whereby derivatives can be traded in a market that allows for price discovery and for hedging purposes. And it goes back really to those three things that I mentioned, integrity, resilience, and vibrancy. And I would put a premium on the first one. That's why we put it first, integrity. So if users around the country and throughout the world come to one of our markets, they know that the bid  States I think back in 1848 or something right and so many of the contracts that we even have today things like oil futures and other contracts the contracts themselves have been virtually the same in some cases for 30 years so there's a tremendous amount of just length of time that they've been trading and demand obviously didn't start the trading volumes didn't start at uh at what they are today they obviously started and evolved since then. The other aspect though that so time will tell  question  used by the real economy and there's people that say, I need to go to the futures market to hedge it. The other thing we're seeing, of course, is right now the price discovery is really in the cash exchanges. People are not looking to the futures markets for actual prices, but that could change in time as well. But that's the lay of the land at present. Got it. And so one of the things that there is a lot of demand for right now is kind of this DeFi or decentralized mechanisms, platforms, products, et cetera.  that we have today in the traditional markets? Right. Well, first of all, I will say that I find it all very fascinating. And so the idea of DeFi and the ability to sort of essentially create, not only address the trust issue, which I think some of the first generation cryptocurrencies have dealt with, but then taking it a step farther and actually having an autonomous system that runs the entire thing is very fascinating. And of course, it's a very interesting  And so integrity is an important one, for example. We wanna make sure that there's no glitches, no bugs. There's no way to sort of do a 51% attack or something like that or other sorts of things that they even come into a play in the DeFi space. There's the question of anti-money laundering, people being able to get on the system. So all of those things we'd have to think about. Resilience, the second attribute I mentioned. We normally do system safeguard exams.  look at a lot of this evolution. I think there's a lot of regulatory bodies, individuals, and then also from the crypto community, just various ideas that continue to kind of, you know, surface. And some of those ideas are around for very short periods of time. Somebody kind of critiques them and says, maybe that's not the greatest idea, whether it's a product to build or regulation to put forward. But some of them do have legs to them. And one of the most recent pieces of legislation is called the Digital Commodity Exchange Act of 2020.  there's a lack of clarity. There's a lack of clarity as to how these things should be regulated. And the first threshold is, is it a security or is it a commodity? Very different. There are two divergent paths in the road. One leads to the SEC and a very different type of regulation. The other, if it's a commodity, leads into airspace, which is a more principles-based approach. And I think in some cases is favored by many people in the crypto community. So that's one thing. And so we need clarity at some point.  jurisdiction, not only in the United States, but abroad, but certainly in the US, where you must have to register, there are requirements. And so the founding fathers, going way back, talking about innovation, well, I think 1787 was a great year for innovation because it was the year of our constitution. But one of the things the founding fathers, I think got right is federalism and the idea that if something is in interstate commerce, it should be regulated federally so we could have a national economy.  consumer protections, it makes sense to have the states involved and the states play an important role. But for other aspects, it may make far more sense to have a single federal regime that will allow innovation, provide clarity, and then also allow this to grow in a way that it can in other countries because they don't have the fragmentation. Yeah, that's really, really fascinating way to look at it. I know that for myself, the team at LA Blockchain Summit, and just people around the Bitcoin and crypto community,  I would say our door is open. Our door is open. Come see us. Come visit with us. I think you'll find for a federal agency, we are eager to learn and we want to make a difference. And we want to be, we want to provide sound regulation, as I mentioned, but we also understand that innovation also necessitates some flexibility. And so, so we are, our door is open. We're always listening and we're always experimenting. And our goal is to ensure that our