 All right, guys, bang, bang. Super excited to have Alex here. Thanks so much for doing this, man. Thanks for having me, Pomp. Absolutely. So you build one of the most fascinating companies in crypto. You're a Bitcoin-only business. We'll get to that in a second. But before we kind of jump into River Financial, talk to us a little bit about your background, kind of what you did before you started the company. So I got into Bitcoin because of an interest I had as an undergraduate university.  When I discovered Bitcoin, I was like, holy cow, this fulfills the prophecy. It's neither private nor government controlled. It's this new system, new paradigm we've never seen before, but it's fascinating. I became instantly obsessed. I moved to Silicon Valley at the end of 2013 and been out there pretty much ever since, working mostly in the Bitcoin space. Then started River about a year and a half ago.  The initial impetus was the itch I had back as an undergrad to build this financial institution. I had seen a lot of people in the space build exchanges and focus on offering access to multitudes of cryptocurrencies, the big long tail. Coinbase had started with Bitcoin and then expanded very quickly to supporting as many coins as possible. I had never seen anyone go down the route of actually focusing only on Bitcoin and building  Why Bitcoin only? Right now, we're a Bitcoin brokerage and custodian in 31 states. We focus on the higher end of the market, the mass affluent to the ultra high net worth individuals, and we make it really, really easy for people to buy Bitcoin and securely custody that Bitcoin. Over the next year, we'll be expanding across financial services, providing things like, well, we already provide access to  Yeah, talk a little bit about maybe other companies in the space. They've gone on to add other assets than just Bitcoin. You guys have held steady on Bitcoin only. How do you look at those other businesses? Do you think that those are kind of, hey, that's for each company to make their own decision? Do you think that that's a bad strategy? Just talk through that a little bit. So the way we view this is that being Bitcoin only is economically in our interest and allows us to move much faster than the competition.  10Xs, the complexity of the systems on the backend that we have. We see it as a massive competitive advantage. We see this long tail of assets that these other companies are focused on providing trading services for as interesting things to bet on or gamble on. But really, we don't see it as money. We see Bitcoin as money. If Bitcoin is the next money of the world, somebody needs to build the next banking services around Bitcoin.  feel special. It really seems like, hey, River cares. Talk a little bit about that process and how that came to fruition and how you guys executed. Because I've seen people posting the photos online, and it just looks really cool. It's a short way to say it. One of the biggest shortcomings we saw from existing cryptocurrency companies before starting River was the client services and the client experience. I knew people with lots of money on Coinbase who could  From a business perspective, the way we view our client services is if we can make Bitcoin much less intimidating for people, we can grow our business really well. That's really the goal with our client services is to take away the intimidation from Bitcoin, make people feel appreciated and that we don't take their business for granted and earn their business. Got it. Talk through who's buying now and how's it going so far?  But if you look at the wealth in the United States and the wealth in the world, most of it is held by older people, which is kind of natural because older people have had longer to accumulate wealth. So as COVID and the subsequent social instability and economic uncertainty that has come from that has really been a big catalyst for a lot of these older people deciding to finally buy Bitcoin. And it's for a number of different reasons.  to the United States. If something did happen in the United States, God forbid, what could I get out so that me and my family would have something? There's gold in Bitcoin, and gold has its own set of challenges. Good luck getting a lot of that out. The third category is really people who just see it as an uncorrelated asset in a world where it's unclear where your money should be. Stocks are at all-time highs, but it's unclear why. Look at all the unemployment and the economic  in terms of larger and larger purchases. Any idea from the clients that you guys have where they're getting to? From a portfolio percentage standpoint, are we talking about getting to 1% allocations, 5%? Are people at the age of 50 going to 25%? Any ideas there where they're actually getting? I think they're typically starting around 1% and then going anywhere between 5% to 10% is what we've seen largely. There are the unique people who do go further, the ones who are really in to big  people to go all in? Well, I don't think I think most of them, I doubt most of them will ever be 100% in Bitcoin. I mean, they own properties and businesses. Those are big parts of their net worth. And those aren't things that they would necessarily replace with Bitcoin. I think really the bigger question is, you know, how how will more more older people or more people in general get exposed, initially exposed to Bitcoin? And why aren't people buying Bitcoin today? Who, you know,  Bitcoin, but none of their friends know anything about it. No one they know knows anything about it. So they're just on their own island. And I think the question is, how do you reach them on that island? And that's what we try and do. And I think that's also there's a big opportunity for content creators like yourself to reach these folks. Because we've noticed a lot of them, when they find a podcast, they also really love listening to podcasts. Yeah, it makes a lot of sense. And I guess as you guys see these people,  much so I can call.  can trust, but you don't have to trust. Our goal is to make it as easy as possible for our clients to self-custody their own Bitcoin if they ever wanted to, and removing the barriers to self-custody that are there. Right now, it's very challenging to do so. One of the products we built out was a deep harbor wallet integration with River. When you set up your River account and you buy Bitcoin, you can actually connect a hardware wallet and pull in all of the information  If you have a ledger and you have your Bitcoin at River, you can see all the Bitcoin at once when you log into River, whether you control it or we do. I'm assuming people love that. It's been pretty popular. It's a beta feature. We're still working out some of the little UI things. It's really non-trivial because no one's really done this before. There's a lot of user research that we've had to do to learn how to describe what this is to new users. One of the biggest fears we have is  In terms of seeing a lot of customers come in, use these different products, what are the features or products that they want that you guys haven't yet built but think are interesting around the roadmap? The app is a big one. We've been working all summer on getting a mobile app out. That's one of the biggest pieces of feedback we've gotten. We started tracking NPS recently. Net Promoter Score to get feedback from our clients about,  25,000, 50,000 plus, and those Bitcoin are available to withdraw immediately. But most people, they buy via ACH. So they connect their bank account and just click buy. And then we actually front the money to buy those Bitcoin for people. And you can buy 24-7, but it takes six to 20 business days for that Bitcoin to settle in your account, meaning you can't withdraw that Bitcoin for some time period. So we're really focused on shrinking that settlement time because a lot of people want to be able to access the Bitcoin faster.  have an IRA LLC, you can already buy Bitcoin and River through your IRA LLC, but that's something that's definitely very interesting to people who want to buy Bitcoin in a tax-advantaged way.  was going to be like the black swan that came out of this mess. The Phoenix coming out of the, you know, the ashes, it would be Bitcoin. And I think that's where we were seeing that happening. That said, you know, it hasn't been all smooth. I mean, COVID brings has brought its own set of challenges, you know, increasing building a product organization that is effective in a remote environment is tough. You know, there's so much that you get just from being in the same room and eating a meal with somebody. Ideas just  tailwinds for Bitcoin. I don't know what's going to happen at the end of the day here with the fallout of all of this. I think it's still very early and the next decade, we'll see what the end result is. It's fascinating to me how teams are having to figure this out in real time. Thankfully, a lot of the products though are in place, your platforms are in place to allow some of this remote communication. I had a friend who basically said,  having money. Everyone's transactions are now accessible to the surveillance apparatus. We're losing a lot of privacy as a country. How does Bitcoin come in and replace that gap? I don't know. We still have to see what else can help bring back some of the privacy as things are just really forced online during this era of COVID. These are things we're trying to pay attention to as well and see what opportunities there are.  a lot of people's attention to Bitcoin. The best thing Bitcoin has going for it is that there's only ever going to be 21 million. Everyone understands that. Everyone understands there's only ever going to be 20 million Bitcoin. The federal government just printed $2 trillion this year. You have all these people sitting on a lot of cash thinking, well, what the heck am I doing with all this cash when they're just printing it out of thin air? Where do I put it? I think just like that meme  going to start looking at Bitcoin over gold. Yeah, I think it's headed in that direction, that's for sure. One of the things, I don't know if you even remember this story, but I want to tell it on here when we set this up, is I went out to see you when I was in San Francisco, came to the office, you, a bunch of your co-founders and employees, and we were sitting there and somebody basically was like, hey, come into the office, right? So we're sitting in the conference room and I walked in and I'll never forget that your office was littered.  like sometimes. We get stacks of trillion dollar bills, 10 billion dollar bills all over the office. We have different suppliers for these, but we give these to customers and people who visit the office. It's our thing. We send it to many new clients with a welcome package. As a reminder of what can happen to government money and what kind of an  people's gold in the United States. My co-founder Andrew, who's also my cousin, our great grandfather had his gold confiscated by Franklin Roosevelt. So these things happen and they inevitably happen whenever there's a centrally controlled money that you can just arbitrarily print more of. And so yeah, I mean, it's just core to who we are. And we like to remind our clients of that. I love that.  Oh, that's a good question. So we went through a period last year where we had to rebrand and we went through a three month process of trying to figure out a new name. And we worked with a domain broker to go through just probably hundreds, maybe even thousands of domains that were available that had a name that we would want.  Will you say how much? No. Okay, fair. What's been voice.com? For those that don't know, voice.com was bought for $30 billion from Michael Saylor, who's the CEO of MicroStrategy and recently put 85% of his balance sheet into Bitcoin, which is a pretty crazy story in itself. All right. So I'm glad you spent less than $30 million. That's a zero to 30 million is  a great one. Aliens, believer or non-believer?  they, the founder sent me a article about fusion and the ability to try to get the heat and energy of a star recreated here on earth. It blew my mind. Like you start reading about this stuff, right? And it's like, you know, they haven't done it yet, but they're getting closer and closer. And you're just like, wait till somebody figures out how to do that. And then can you create like fusion power plants so that you have, you know, eternal energy sources? And it's like, just like, okay, this is going to be wild. Hopefully I'm alive for that one. Right?  I think the more nuanced question is like, when will the first superpower central bank do it? And my guess is that we're five years away or something like that. What do you think? Yeah, I think I probably agree. There's maybe some fringe central bank that's bought a little bit. And I think that someone has to catalyze the first central bank to buy Bitcoin. I don't think it's just going to happen. And so I think maybe one of the questions  Bitcoin is an individual story. Every institution that's going to have a massive allocation of Bitcoin is going to have that because individuals at that institution have gone down the rabbit hole. I always think it's going to be a story about the individuals and the individuals who end up running the institutions of the world. It takes time.