 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Reed here. Super excited to talk about memes and making money on the internet. Thank you so much for doing this. Yeah. Thanks for having me on. For sure. Let's jump right into your background, kind of help everyone understand just who the hell is Reed. What'd you do before, uh, before you got into the media game? Um, I would, I did not come to the meme world or the media world, I guess.  like a hundred thousand followers. And I just saw them as like, whoa, that's, that's insane. And, uh, and I started making original content and that's kind of what locked me in and helped grow the, my business. Got it. And so when you started doing that, uh, I'm assuming you had no idea you were going to start a media company. You had no idea that you were going to kind of do any of this. It was literally just like screwing around with your friends. But at what point did you end up deciding like, Oh, wait a second. Like this could be a business.  me into the social media thing. It was a leap of faith with the advertisement stuff. Then I started selling shirts and I realized that it was more than just advertisements, but that's basically why I started it. Got it. When you did jump into, okay, I want to build this business, did you think early on about protecting the IP and really think it is more like a franchise? Or was it literally just get eyeballs onto an account, sell ads,  created an account and then there's like a type of content that I could source or create for that brand. So that we did that with like animals doing things and gamers doing things. And then Derek, my co-founder, he had a video page called Drunk People Doing Things and it was starting to really take off. And a now advisor and partner to the business Max, one of my good friends, he was like, you need to get into video. And so I partnered up with Derek. I mean, we started like a  It's like, where'd that come from? Uh, just like, I was like hungover one day on my friend's couch and you're coming up with like stupid names to call each other and shithead Steve and trash can Paul. I like came up with those randomly. Um, and then I was like, okay, what should the profile picture be when I was like, wait, I should start an account and call it shithead Steve. And the username was available, which I thought was crazy. Um, and I just like made it squints from the sandlot because I was like a, a movie I loved and it was just like iconic.  three and grow from there. I'm assuming it gets easier because you've got the one account to kind of leverage, but how did you think about really moving the audience you originally built on the shithead Steve account between all the other accounts to kind of grow them all together? Yeah. So when I just had shithead Steve and I was like, you know, I had like 20,000 followers, we were all talking with, like I was talking to Derek, we weren't teamed up yet. And there's all these other memers out there and we started a group chat and basically, I mean,  And you know, just sharing the love of the audiences, liking memes. And so we did that with the different brands that we owned down the road. Got it. And it's really interesting to me how the meme culture, just an entire generation gravitated towards it. Like why is that? Right? Like what is it so special about the memes? Is it that they're shareable, that they're funny? Like, like you are an expert in memes, I guess. So just like, why does this work? I think it's a mix of like meme  more relatable, which is usually funny as well. But I think it's just the easiest and quickest way to share funny stuff with a friend. It's like the cartoons that are in the paper, except it's on your phone and you can easily send it. And that goes with more than just memes. You know, it's like all the TikTok content you see, all the, you know, with our show, All Guys, No Breaks, it's pretty meme-ified in terms of the editing  How did you end up building a whole business behind this? What were the steps you actually took to build the media company? Yeah, started with just looking at each of the accounts content and what common themes are always coming up. That gives you a lot of clues from an e-commerce standpoint. Like, okay, Epstein didn't kill himself is trending. So maybe we can make an ugly  I see your engagement start to spike quicker than normal tweets or whatever. I don't know Twitter, we have like zero followers on Twitter, but Instagram is like similar, I feel like, in the way that you are kind of tracking that. But yeah, that's how we realized for e-commerce that was like an easy way for us to make money. Their advertisements for each brand has its own perfect brand partner, like middle-class fans is whatever.  And in terms of followers and revenue, we're kind of like, in the beginning, we were just grabbing cash wherever we could and figuring out what was the most promising thing and advertisements, merchandise, and now subscription with Patreon for Augusto Breaks. Each brand has its own path to success. So whether it's gamers doing things with Twitch, we have a talent, his name is Spencer, he's the host of the stream, we're doing tournaments. That's the path to success for gamers.  It's a puzzle that looks like, uh, you know, a field of puppies and, uh, you know, hanging out. And then you open it and it's like a bunch of big dogs taking huge shits in a field. It's like a prank puzzle that we did around coronavirus. So that's just like an example of like a few different brands of ours that like take, take their own lives and like throw in their own ways. Talk a little bit about all gas, no breaks for those that don't know what, like, what is that? Um, so all gas, no breaks is a,  we took our audience and basically supercharged the growth to the show. We partnered up, we bought them an RV, we sent them around the country interviewing tons of different people like flat earthers or conspiracy theorists, people, Talladega, just like really funny, like iconic American things, but also like underground American subcultures that you've never heard of that are ridiculous or really interesting.  And I think a lot of people understand advertising. They understand the merchandise business. You mentioned Patreon. Let's start there. What exactly is Patreon and why is that working for you guys? I think you guys have over 16,000 people who have kind of supported you there. Yeah. So it is exclusive and long form content. The Instagram is short clips, you know, a minute long each basically that helps promote the YouTube. We also are on YouTube. So basically we take the long form content  Yeah, that's basically it. We have a Facebook page, but it's mostly Instagram, YouTube, and Patreon, and those three help grow each other. Everything you guys do is stuff that you own the IP, or this is stuff where people will come to you, you actually can put gas on their fire and help somebody else grow. Yeah, so we created the show. We hired him as the host, and he's a partner in the show with two of his best friends.  different monetization channels. Where did that come from and kind of talk through how you guys have done that successfully? Yeah, so we kind of see ourselves as like a weird version of like Nickelodeon or maybe it's like MTV. Like we want to have, we want to create these shows and channels that, you know, each have their own universe, kind of like, I guess kind of like a Marvel also. You know, there's different characters in the  Shit at Steve has a lot of viral products and stuff like that, but August No Breaks is creating a lot more IP in its own right. But yeah, we just want to get as big as possible and just be an IP factory, kind of like a Disney slash Marvel slash whatever. And just keep, it's just like limitless in terms of how they can get now that we're branching outside of just memes. I think having a good understanding of memes  We're just like hanging out in the office back when people had offices like a year ago and we were like talking about jorts or something or maybe cargo shorts, just like really meme-able things. And we're like, we shouldn't make a jorts bathing suit where it looks like jorts and it's not. And so literally like a few days later, we had the maid and there is like sublimated bathing suit basically that really looked like jorts.  four or five days later, you actually have the jorts and it's like, let's take the photo and let's launch it. Where does that propensity for action come from? And what would maybe your advice be to other people who have the ideas, but they get blocked from actually going out and executing it? Yeah, definitely just take the path of least resistance, especially with new ideas. With us, the reason we're valuable is because we have an audience of 60 million followers. We can test products for free, basically.  fulfill all orders right when and then cut it off, you know. So that's kind of how we did that. But yeah, just like before that, I made this easy button. That was a trump button. That was just like a wall button is what it was called. It was a mean where, you know, anything that pissed Trump off, you just hit the wall button and like all his problems would go away because the, you know, build the wall thing was like a mean. And so what I did was I like went on Alibaba and placed an order for like  the internet and upward, like you can do anything now wherever you are, as long as you have wifi, pretty much. So. Absolutely. How did you go about finding employees and kind of building out the team, right? There's so many people who think they're funny on the internet, but they're not. There's so many people who are creating content that sucks. Like how do you actually find the right people who can either run an account, can kind of help with the e-commerce products. And it's not just you, you know, kind of micromanaging, but actually finding people who can kind of make your life easier, but still  doing things and it was a cool and smart, like really glad we did this because they just get it. They don't need any training or anything. They're just doing what they're already good at and we just help amplify their brands. And then what was the other question I'm blanking? In terms of like the non-content employees, how do you kind of find the right people there? Yeah. So Max,  from group nine, he's been amazing. I just hit him up on LinkedIn. Like I saw that he worked at another media company called group nine and I was like, I looked into it and he seemed awesome. And we ended up just hiring him as a president a year ago. So I used a lot of like social media, LinkedIn and networking for sure. And Todd's been really helpful finding more people for the sales team and stuff like that. And also just across the board, helping us out  Do you guys have aspirations to get outside of just e-commerce from selling things to people? You talked about advertising, e-commerce makes sense, you've got Patreon. Will you eventually get into whether it's building hardware products or building software products? Actually try to get into the higher margin, more scalable type things that seem to be attractive to some creators? Yeah, we're thinking about creating a technology that's taking everything we know  than like paying a platform. So that's definitely one thing we're thinking of. In terms of hardware, I can't really think of anything there. We're definitely wanting to do like live events and we're just trying to build businesses off the platform overall. Like, and we see commerce as part of that, like building brands, whether it's a beverage or a card game, we want to build things  making like you're creating video content and it's, you know, you can do a 10 minute episode, I would say YouTube. But I think Instagram is a great place to get discovered with Reels, there's IGTV and there's, you know, the regular posts in the feed. But yeah, I don't know, it depends on what you're doing. Like you're an influencer. It might be something like Reels and TikTok at the same time.  Yeah. It's kind of a tough question. Can you repeat the last part? So talk just about how you guys monetize it. Do you charge by CPMs or some other model? And then in terms of did that change over time, right? When you were starting out, did you guys monetize one way and then over time it kind of evolved something else? Yeah. I mean, in the beginning it was literally like, what's your budget? And they'd say, you know, like 10 grand or like, okay,  with a CPM. Got it. In terms of building out these kind of IP or brand type accounts, do you guys kind of have triggers in your mind? So, hey, when we get started, we know we're going to have zero followers. We can get to 50,000 followers with a couple of mentions on our other accounts. That's when we'll start doing ads. Then once we get to 100 or 250,000, then that's when we'll go ahead and do e-commerce. Is there some kind of framework you use or is it literally case by case each time? Yeah, it's case by case.  case by case though, like All Gas No Breaks is different. We only want to put ads in there that are really, you know, across the board is like this, but for All Gas, it's a little harder to integrate ads in the right way. So we're thinking podcast and also just it's sponsoring a whole series of episodes by a really funny brand, whether it's like Monster Energy or for a Florida man episode or whatever it is. Got it. And then talk to me about your day to day, kind of what  uh commerce side. That's what I'm focusing on but I'm also like helping out on ad stuff when I can and um across the board like I'm not doing everything anymore which is great but I'm still like doing a lot of stuff and it's mainly e-commerce, creative, um a lot of stuff on August no breaks just like with you know picking different events, podcast guests, we're actually um launching something really big I can't talk about that uh working on that and  for each one to build it out into its path to success or whatever. But I wish I would have doubled down on the ones that were working more so than I did. But I mean, I did, so it's not really a regret. I wish I had, I wish I hired Todd earlier. I mean, I guess that's it because I had to do a lot of sales stuff for a while and it was just like really tough, you know, doing that plus e-commerce plus action.  meme spaces, like as big as it, like I didn't think it would get as big as it is, but now I'm realizing I had this realization a while ago. It's like memes are just a different form of content and a lot of stuff's meme-ified. That's not just a picture with text over it. So it's really just the future of entertainment on social media. Which absolutely how should companies think about using memes and gifts and kind of all of these like new multimedia type communication for  doing something with them down the road. But like Burger King, McDonald's, all these like QSR companies are starting to adopt meme stuff. And you know, Wendy's on Twitter, I'm sure you've seen is like completely a meme. I don't think you have to go that hard. You know, it's up to whoever is running the brand, like if they think it should go full meme like Slim Jim or Wendy's. We're running an account called fruit bowls right now for  Oh, by the way, it's an ad. It's not in your face. Like when an ad hits that's paid and you're like, or it's like on TV, you just immediately whip out your phone. So it's a way to get in front of millennials without pissing them off. And they're just like, they're not thinking you're cheesy necessarily. They think you're funny or whatever they're getting across is getting across. Got it. So it's working with people like us, not necessarily  If you're creating anything, like if it's something like interviews, just keep in mind that people have very short attention spans. So if you have some long intro, people don't care about intros. I've always hated intros, I think, for certain YouTube channels and stuff, it makes sense, but I think you should just get straight to the point because people don't have a lot of time or they don't want to stare at their phone for too long.  And it's like, it's really, really informative and super smart. Like that guy's genius. I'd ask the same question to you. I cheated because I already know, uh, know this question and, uh, I answered with the same three books, which is kind of breaking the rules as well. But I always say rich dad, poor dad, uh, the richest man in Babylon and thinking girl rich. And, uh, I would be, when did you read a zero to one? Like how old were you?  So you said you got started on Twitter. What was the tweet or the thing that made it pop? Was there any like one time where you're like, that's it? Or maybe a tweet? Uh, I had already worked, uh, I used to run the growth team for Facebook pages. And so I like knew how the algorithms worked. I'd helped a bunch of people. Probably a lot of, you know, we probably have a ton of mutual friends in terms of these meme accounts or brand accounts. Uh, and everyone had started on either Instagram or maybe Instagram.  And in 2017, I just realized I'd never done it for myself. And I was like, what the hell am I doing? And at the time, it was very clear that Twitter was a much better place to do this type of stuff. If you're going to go for business and finance, it's harder to do it. Yeah. And it's also harder to do it under your own name, when it's on an Instagram or whatever. So I think that a lot of it came down to like, okay, I don't know exactly why this is going to be valuable, but I do know having an audience will be valuable in the future.  I think your point about like, you'll know what content works and what doesn't work based on the audience reaction. Like that's true on every platform, right? It's not just an Instagram thing. It's kind of anywhere. Yeah, sure. Second question is a more fun aliens believer or non-believer. It's a hundred percent real. Why do you think that? I agree. But why do you think that? Because they just have to exist. I've watched way too many J.R.R.E.G. and podcasts to not believe in them.  I was the one guy who's like, they're real. I still am shut. Like I get the fact that like the video center already leaked on Reddit and stuff, right? I get the fact that like they're like they're UFOs. They're not aliens. Like all of it. I'm with you though. I'm like, wait, time out. You're telling me that the U S government is publicly releasing videos. Be like, we don't know what the hell this is flying around. And you and I can look with our bare eyes and see something that we don't understand, explained, never seen before. Like, you know, maybe it's something weird.  I'm like, Oh, wait, the audience is like pretty big. And it's like, Oh, wait, the audience is like really big now. And then it was like, maybe I should like try another platform and I should like try another platform. And then like you realize like, Oh, the audience will like move with me and okay, like maybe there's something here. And I've just been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked. I've been shocked  I wake up, I write an email and it's just my analysis on whatever I think is interesting in business, finance, Bitcoin, whatever. But I send it five days a week. If you are on the free email list, you get it once a week. If you pay $10 a month or $50 a year, you get it all five days a week. And these guys were like, hey, you should try this. And I was like, who the hell is going to pay? And next thing you know, I've got, I think it's the number 10 or 11th largest one on their site. And you start to realize it's very similar to the Patreon stuff.  early on that we had to do was build like a video submission portal to play defense basically, and also be able to license out videos. But people submit a ton of videos to us and we had to get buttoned up pretty hard on the meme pages and the video pages. So I feel you. Absolutely. Where, where can people find you on the internet read or, or find more about doing things media? Go to my Instagram is redoing things, but I just post shit about my dog.