 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Hong here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. Let's jump into your background. Give us an overview of what you did before you got to Okcoin. Sure. Yeah. Look, I'm not an earlier adopter like many of your other previous interviewees are when it comes to Bitcoin. Some of them probably got into Bitcoin. In early 2011,  a small town close to Shanghai. And I was born in the year when the market, the free market concept was first introduced into China in 1979. Anyone who was familiar with recent history of China would probably know that that was the year when Deng Xiaoping basically opened up the door and say, okay, it's not about whether it's a plan economy, a communist or capitalist. It's about how we can help people to live back.  fashion into a hybrid model. And I also had the luxury to experience what it was like when it saw all centrally planned because initially when that policy was introduced, you still had a lot of social stigma attached to being an entrepreneur. Right now we talk about entrepreneur like it's great, right? You have entrepreneurial spirit. That's all you really want to strive for. Everyone is becoming an entrepreneur. But back then, if you became an entrepreneur,  China has been able to enjoy a lot of huge growth, exponential growth over the last 40 years. It's all because of free market, the introduction of free market. And when we see hurdles of that recently, there's growth slowdown from that perspective. There was also a lot of debate on whether that's because you kind of get to in certain areas where it's really hard to further bring that market concept into certain areas of either society or economy.  because MBA stands for something that you can, basically after MBA, you can do anything you want kind of a myth. I decided to do that because I want to be more integrated into that market for it. I think that economy and capital market is really what's really driving the innovation in the world. And US has the most sophisticated capital markets and has a lot of innovation going on in Silicon Valley that was funded by the capital, free capital structure. So my dream was kind of go to that  2008 was a fantastic time to graduate from business school But I was lucky because I you know had a an offer back then in 2008 before 2008 crisis hit you know the all the LBO hit an all-time high and people all you know this this is a new era nothing Nothing nothing we have experienced before is going to be expected this time So that was that that kind of narrative so I got an offer from from Goldman. I went to  the free market, there's a lot of good things happening, but everyone, the whole world is built on incentives, right? Every one of us, we act on incentives. And a lot of those incentives, some of those incentives are probably not monetary, many of them are, and the monetary system, the financial system actually organizes and allocate resources to the way that the society needs, either appropriately or inappropriately.  starting to crumble down. And after I joined, I'm sitting there looking around and founding my associate in the first class actually got, they got moved around because of the crisis. Some of them even were moved into back office support because of that. But Fig was kept busy throughout that year because only banks and insurance companies, particularly banks who actually need money, they are doing a lot of work, right? Recapitalized, getting taught, raising blind  that I didn't get fired just because of the market volatility. So I survived, ended up working across different sub-specters within Fig serving all kind of customers for their needs for IPO, for M&A, spinoff, ReFi, hybrid, all kinds of stuff, kind of interesting. But there are also some aha moments throughout that process. One of it, which is  and reallocate assets and put out a quote unquote good bank out there. So actually it turns out that investing in those assets in 2009, 10 and 11 were actually one of the best investment time and investment activity that a P, a financial focused P, or any type of P investors can actually look for, hope for. So that got me thinking, right? Because initially the whole crisis why it happened  people who don't have enough financial resources, end up having less financial resources because you don't really get the leverage to invest in one of those worst periods. Only those with a lot of financial resources, excess financial capital, they can actually, they have the luxury to invest and actually get more return out of it. So that got me to start thinking about what's going on and what was wrong. And then,  where whatever the incentives are depend on the current system set up. And so that got me to think about what I really wanna do. When I think about what you are doing in the capital markets, there is a big portion of resource allocation to support the high growths, the technology firms who are driving growth through innovation. There are also a big portion of resource allocation or asset reallocation  And at some point that music stops. And you still think why that actually deviate from the fundamentals, what's going on. Because we all think about market, free market, free market believers say, okay, the price is an indicator of supply and demand, right? We don't need a central planner who know everything going on. Every one of us just look at the price and price will tell us what I should do, how I should allocate resources. So there must be something wrong with that price.  China, he was a very famous and legendary one to join him and help him do basically growth investment. So that was in late 2016. And it was because of that shift that I got to know Starr, who was the founder of OKCoin. He started OKCoin in 2013 as a R&B crypto trading platform, primarily focused on Chinese market back then.  my MDs, a very senior female MD, actually talked to us about Bitcoin in a random meeting. We were talking about something else. And then she was like, you know what? Have you heard about Bitcoin? It's actually a very interesting thesis. And the value has been going up. And just slip in mind. If I have time machine to go back, we'll probably change that. But like, unlikely, there was no time machine. So in 2016, I was, end of 2016 was  There are a lot of noises in the market. The market can deviate from the fundamentals, but long term, it's about the fundamentals. Give it some time and the fundamentals will catch up. I was asking myself, are there any fundamentals in this or is it just all price speculation that will fade at some point? I was looking at Bitcoin and I realized that actually this is something I've never seen before. It's very new because it really challenged a lot of the assumptions I have.  about policies. There was never a question about whether monetary system, number one, should or should not be created or run by government. And number two, there's never a question about the assumption whether inflation is a given. We always talk about the base monetary policies that you need to have some 2% inflation maybe to encourage spending to produce growth. That was taken as a given.  seeing this here exactly show point that again, and it's a replay of 2008. Because arguably what happened in 2008 was a aftermath of what Greenspan has been doing with the monetary policy in 2000. So I think that was a big aha moment. And that was when I was like, okay, you know what, there's a lot of uncertainty related to this because when it comes to monetary system, it's not just technology  policy that is responsible, that actually rewards the savers and the rewards those who have longer term time preference. And it shows if you look at China versus US economy, China has a much higher saving rate versus US has a much higher leverage. We all touted that leverage in the capital markets. However, if you look at the growth rate, when you have a higher saving rate in the society, you actually have  and enable value transition 101. But it's also because the way it is set up, it actually allows, it used the combination of technology and incentive system to allow, not devil lies, people who pursue their own individual interests. Because I think human beings are built to pursue their own incentive. It's just part of us.  of come together and make my decision to invest in OKcoin. Let me ask this question. When you made that decision, what were the driving factors? It's like you bought into the idea of Bitcoin, you found that interesting, you saw value there, but why OKcoin specifically? Yeah, I think if I believe in a potential of that future,  a revolution even beyond that monetary system. In the financial system, as we kind of are seeing right now in DeFi, but it's still very early stage. It still doesn't allow large scale high efficiency transactions. But even beyond that, I think the really, really what matters is that real use cases like, you know, quick, you know, ICO in 2017, there was a lot of white paper floating around that doesn't really have the substance supported. But I think the direction it was,  and incentive system built into it. And to be able to have that type of crypto world taking effect and function smoothly, you actually have to have a price discovery system for people to really see the value of their crypto, whatever that crypto asset is for, maybe peg it against Bitcoin in the future, but you have to have that price discovery system. So my thinking is, okay, this is definitely a long-term  Absolutely. Makes complete sense. Talk a little bit about Okcoin today. You guys are based in the United States and have a whole bunch of different features. When you describe the business and the products to somebody, just give us an overview of what does that really entail? Yeah. Okcoin today, we actually went through a lot of transitions. As I mentioned, back in 2015, 2017, we were on Chinese market.  crypto, who knows that that's such a remote future. In a more realistic way, it's probably a parallel. You have crypto, but you also have traditional fiat stuff. We need a bridge between the two. We need to give people easy access into crypto or out of crypto. That's what we are trying to do at OKCoin, to provide that easy on-ramp off-ramp access to crypto and also drive adoption.  Bitcoin is about and see if they actually agree with the fundamentals principles that Bitcoin is proposing. And then maybe going beyond that, what are the other potential protocols and crypto assets that they identify with, either want to invest in or utilize in the future. I think that's really what we think about ourselves. Our mission is kind of on that adoption direction, want to make it easy for the general public to do that. That's why for now, we have been in  and kind of try to build that infrastructure and get some of the good products out there to sell markets. We have been updating our current product as is to make it easy, adding instant deposit and making easy flow, but there is a lot more that we want to do with our product. So we'll continue to do that. Yeah. Yeah, that's awesome. I read somewhere, and some of that I found very interesting is that you're actually helping to fund Bitcoin  that when we look at what's going on out there, either in traditional space or in crypto, we went through the ICO process, right? That the bomb and burst. And we are right now in a DeFi wave. There's a lot of debate on whether this DeFi is the same with ICO where it's different, but coming down to, I think, what really matters for crypto to be long-term successful and actually deliver what we believe in in the first place is about the fundamentals.  gold being that kind of momentary layer. But there's a lot of stuff that need to be done to the protocol to make sure that it actually is secured. It protects privacy. It can scale to the best it can. So I think there's a lot of work that need to be done there. And we as an exchange, we don't necessarily get direct benefit from sponsoring those developers. But we think it's important for us to do that because Bitcoin is the  So we also see a lot of our hails in the exchange industry to jump in and also provide support, which is great, which is what we love to see. And we started with Bitcoin again, it's because it is one of the oldest developer community. It doesn't really have a central sponsoring entity, right? And it's very much community driven. It's unlike Ethereum, for example.  fundamental community and more niche is also more specialized community to the general investor and general public help people understand what's going on there and why they're working on what they're working on what it matters to us and things like that. We also learn a lot in that process as well. We will continue to do that. How do you see the kind of landscape of exchanges both in the US and internationally kind of unfolding, right? That there's kind of a whole host of  Most recently, we have Uniswap, which is a totally different animal, and we're very happy to see them grow and the volume outpacing Coinbase. Again, from our perspective, our focus is really on promoting adoption, and we want to do whatever we can to do that. That means that we have to focus our resources on that. Make it simple. Make it easy for people to get in and get out. Does that mean it has to be centralized exchange or  Because some of us are diehard Bitcoin holders. We just buy and hold. We don't trade. Some of our daily traders coming in the day out, Bitcoin or altcoin, it doesn't matter. And then there's some other people who are not really familiar with it and they're still debating what it would be and how they should manage it. I think from our perspective and me as a long-term Wall Street practitioner, I think everyone should take a very  because that's how they make money. How do you think through the balance between maybe that Bitcoin ethos of holding and store value with the business goals of lots of transactions? That's a very interesting thing. I think you guys have a unique perspective on. Again, from a business, from a personal perspective, I obviously have my personal preference when it comes to a whole versus trade. I respect that for everyone. I think everyone has that and should make that choice.  We're not going to dictate on you know, whether you should hold or whether you should trade it's all individual choice again You know back to how I grow up. I really believe in that Empowering individuals I think if you look at If you look at the evolution of the internet right over the last 10 or 20 years Last 20 years in in US last 10 years in in China. I think there is a very clear trend of democratization of everything starting from  right to users. It's all user-generated content. It's not that platform trying to essentially produce it. It's whatever user want to do. You produce it and you see how much interest you're generating locally. I think that democratization is very powerful. What we are doing in crypto is, I think it's in line with that. The ultimate thing is really to empower individuals. Crypto, hopefully,  is we have to see more use cases outside financial industry. That's when things will really take off. And yeah, look forward to that. Absolutely. And so when you think about that future world where things have taken off, go out maybe 10 or 20 years, like paint a picture of what is the kind of holy grail situation or kind of where are we headed, if you will? I don't know what happens in 10 years, they'll see.  at the protocol level, there's regulatory framework, how that will shake out. Because even in the internet space or where you see more innovations that actually benefit society, benefit people is when actually regulators taking a seat back and see what's going on before jumping in and say, this is not right. That's not right. You actually give them some space to experiment and see  ideal situation. I think we are, we would, I don't know if that happens in 10 years or so, but I think in an ideal situation, there's no company format. There's probably no government format. It's all community. And, you know, each community based on each protocol with its own token is almost like a country that we have right now. But again, that's a, that's a, you know, I don't know if it's a remote reality. Absolutely.  where the two worlds ran in parallel. There may be situations where the two worlds collide. We'll put that possibility aside first. But there will be a long time when the two worlds coexist together. So we want to be for OKCoin in its current form. And we want to be that connection point between the two. The format of that connection point can change as the industry changes.  Yeah, look, I think that just the perspective you have is it's so balanced. And I think this idea of like, hey, we're building a business, but we believe in the ethos of Bitcoin and a lot that's going on there and the willingness to support Bitcoin developers and kind of really be thoughtful about what you're building and kind of how you roll it out and stuff is it's pretty impressive to see. Before we wrap up, I ask everybody the same two questions and then you'll get the opportunity to ask me one.  almost reflects what happened with Roman Empire. But on the other side, it shows the possibility that human being, human society, individually, it's very hard to predict. But if you look at it over a long enough horizon and a larger enough scale, you can probably see some patterns and use that to predict things.  rules embedded in that number game. So I think that's really interesting. Yeah, I love it. I love that answer. That's awesome. Aliens is the second question. Are you a believer or a non-believer? I think it's unlikely that we are the only planet with life. I thought you were going to say it's unlikely that aliens existed. I was going to be shocked.  Hurricane like deals murder hornets, right? They come with all kinds of crazy stuff. Yeah You get asked me one question to wrap up. What's the one question you have for me? Look you have talked to so many people You know, you said 400 podcasts Everyone bring in different perspectives. Are there any thing that? Surprise you that is kind of almost like a common theme that you're seeing again and again  is always waiting for somebody to come on and have you say, hey, if you want to build a successful exchange, here's the secret. Or like, here's the magic bullet. I wish I had a magic bullet. Of course. Because the operators understand there is no magic bullet. It's building a business. So you've got to build a product. You've got to make sure that it's what people want. You've got to scale it. You've got to market it. You've got to hire people. You've got to manage people. It's all the blocking and tackling of building a company. And I think that that's  I think that that's probably the thing I've taken away the most is everyone, if they can kind of realize the people who came before me and have been successful, did the same things that I have to do and people who come after me are going to do the same things. There is no shortcut. I think it just focuses people like, okay, let's go do the work. Right? And so that would kind of be my answer. That's very good. Thank you. Thank you for sharing that. Absolutely. Where can we send people to find either you on the internet or find out more about OKCoin?  Awesome. Well, listen, Hong, I really appreciate taking the time to do this. I know you're super busy, but I think people will really appreciate just hearing your perspective and the vision that you have for not only the company, but also where all this is going. Again, it's really cool to see the approach that you guys have taken in terms of funding Bitcoin development, really taking the time to build stuff. I'm pretty impressed. Thank you so much for your time. We'll have to do it again in the future. Yeah, looking forward to that. Thank you, Palm. Thank you for your time.