 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Wes here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Hey, glad to be here, Pomp. I'm a big fan of the show and excited to chat with you today. Absolutely. So right off the bat, everyone's going to hear that you don't talk like I talk, which is a compliment because you ended up with a Southern accent.  But yeah, my way into venture capital, so again, started small town Kentucky, very, very winding road for me. So I thought, like my forefathers, I'd probably end up farming as well, really all I knew to be honest with you. Went to the local college, I went to Western Kentucky. I was actually the first in my family to go to college, that was a big deal. And would like to joke, Western Kentucky is the Harvard of Southern Kentucky. So they were awfully proud.  And from there ended up going and joining Skadden Arps, a law firm up in New York City, practice M&A law there for about three years, representing a lot of private equity firms, hedge funds, likes of Carlisle and Apollo and all those guys. And really got excited about what they were doing and said, you know what, maybe I don't wanna be a lawyer. I actually wanna be an investor. I wanna sort of get over to that side of the table. And had the good fortune of joining a middle market private equity firm coming out of Skadden called Trimaran.  and public equities really started to notice some structural tailwinds. And to date myself a little bit here, that's going back to about 2010. On the PE side, just everything was coming through an auction. You really started to see return compressions sort of across that asset class. Same thing on the publics, right? You just fewer public companies, more and more money coming into hedge funds, the rise of the clients and the computers, and just really hard to be a stock picker there as well. So I started thinking about, well, where might there be some structural tailwinds?  and we sort of launched their prime, which we'll get into, put just under a million bucks into a little company called Jingle Punks. Fast forward two years later, we sold to William Morris Endeavor, which was a fantastic sort of outcome from a financial standpoint, but more importantly, taught me a lot that, all right, I love sort of getting my hands dirty, working with these entrepreneurs from day one or sort of being that first check-in. We were on the board there. We were making a lot of decisions over probably too many beers and whatnot, but it all worked out.  you know, really, you know, like I said, we got to office in New York. I'm launching an office in Nashville, which I'm very, very excited about that city and sort of what we can do from that standpoint. And, you know, really also focused on investing in health and wealth, which I think is, you know, sort of has grown from sort of what I've seen, you know, here in Kentucky, having been back since, you know, almost, you know, what is it, seven, eight months now through COVID and, you know, sort of the disparities that a lot of folks here are facing versus what I saw in New York. Yeah. So first of all, you've had this,  what we'll call kind of middle America, right? Or kind of other areas that are not those major metros. You have this unique experience of kind of going back and forth and really looking at some of the middle America opportunities. Maybe let's just spend some time talking about like, what are the differences and kind of give us a crash course for those of us that live in the major metros. Like what's going on in middle America that may surprise us or we may not be aware of? Yeah, well, yeah, like I think it's a great question.  you know, frankly, like, you know, obesity is rampant. You know, opioid abuse, right? Just sort of ill health is pervasive. There is what I would also say, and it's really unfortunate, and it's something that I'd love to sort of, you know, try to, you know, try to improve is, you know, there's just a bit of lack of hope, right? And, you know, I think, you know, you might see that, you know, with Trump coming into the presidency and people looking to sort of rebel and hey, what's been going on just hasn't worked for me, right?  what my dad did and granddad did and whatnot. And it just, it's not leading to the same place. And I think there's just immense frustration around that. And people that don't really know where to turn, right? There certainly is high unemployment down here. And then you see sort of automation and you worry about how that's impacting their jobs. And I think we could dig into several things, but it's, when people say sort of world of haves and have nots, I mean, it's absolutely true. And you just see it all over the place.  food outlet was fast food. I mean, there were there you couldn't eat healthy there if you tried, right? And unless you went to the grocery store and you actually went home and you cooked and all that kind of stuff. But I'm talking about everything from Arby's to Chick-fil-A to, you know, all the way on down. And it's one of these things where you got to ask yourself, like take obesity, for example, how much of that is your product of your environment? And how much of that is no, actually, it's a poverty problem, right? And an unemployment problem. And therefore, there's not a lot of capital. And so the only food  Certainly education. I think we could do a better job of letting them know, you know, how they should be eating, right? You know, and that probably starts in the schools and you know, in the communities, churches, whatnot. But, you know, I think second to that, I mean, you know, minimum wage here is seven and a quarter an hour, right? And so if you get a job, you know, most people are getting seven, you know, 725 and you think about that, right? Like there's just not much you can do. You're not gonna go buy organic produce making seven and a quarter an hour. You just can't, right? And yeah,  There's a quick or easy fix, but it's something that like I said, it's just you know, it's just you know, pervasive and it's it's it's incredibly sad Yeah, actually speaking of Dollar General. I forget where I read this maybe as a filing or their article or something But that's basically been their strategy, right is to go find kind of the smaller communities where it's too small for a Walmart to go But the Dollar General is kind of the perfect, you know compromise if you will for the community and like you're saying, you know, they don't even have kind of fresh food deli  and I'll take two examples. So we've got a company called the New Primal that's based out of Toronto, South Carolina, and I hope you wind me sort of telling this story, but Jason Burke, the CEO over there, grew up incredibly impoverished, right? And sort of saw all these issues. I know his parents had problems with obesity and health problems, and that served as the catalyst for the new primal.  around how to sort of think about that educational component, how to go back to the table, how to eat with your family and your communities in a healthy and approachable way. And look, is it more expensive than small alternatives? Of course, but he's very much trying to bring that cost down, very sort of mindful that initial mission, which was to try to sort of address some of these pervasive problems around health and ingredient panels and whatnot. The second one is somebody that's coming from a very different standpoint, right? An investment that were recently made  they don't want to have a child, but they end up having one. And what that costs the system and what that costs them and sort of just the snowball effect of that. So I do, I believe that the solution is being provided from all sides and it's just those folks that are determined to do it. And to the extent that we can play a small role in that, be a capital and then trying to provide some insights is something we're super excited about. Yeah, so talk to me a little bit about the wealth side of this health and wealth thesis, right? So obviously,  uh, come on the streets of a New Yorker San Francisco in middle America, uh, it is the middle class, right? And, and, and there is pretty pervasive as to talk through a little bit just about the financial education and kind of the issues around wealth and money. Yeah, no, it's a, it's a great question. Um, so, so, you know, one of the things that I sort of, you know, take issue with or say, say, take issue with it. But anyway, you know, you keep hearing now about this case shape recovery, right? That, that, you know, the folks that own stocks are doing, are doing great. The folks that don't are really suffering. And when you look, it's,  and that similar work around sort of shareholders, right? And business, what they need to do is just try to drive value for shareholders. And that probably worked 50 years ago, but I think what we're seeing now is it does, right? Because it just, this disconnect, right? This income disparity has grown so large that there's just gotta be a different solve for it. And so I think whether it's business round table stuff, talking about stakeholder capitalism, whether it's us thinking about investing in companies that are sort of solving for all stakeholders, that's a big part of it. And Pop, to go back to your question about education,  you know, it gets greater and greater. And there's, you know, if you go to Third Prime's website, it says, you know, a reckoning is coming. Right. And it was sort of about what we were saying. And this was before sort of, you know, Trump was elected and you see sort of people going to the streets now and, you know, just this real divide. But, you know, I almost think we need to revise that website and say the reckoning is here. Right. I really feel like it's on us. And if we don't do something about it, you know, and I'm not saying that I'm smart enough to know all the answers, but I know something has to be done. Right.  and the poverty and just this world that almost sounded like a third world country, right? I mean, it really was not something that you would have believed could happen in America to some degree. And so it sounds like this is much more pervasive than just the coal mines of West Virginia type thing. This is actually happening across states between these major metros and it feels like it's systemic  you know, universal basic income or putting, you know, sort of money in somebody's pocket, right? Like that's, yes, that helps, right? And that's a near term fix. But what we've got to do is, you know, people want to work, right? They take pride in their work. You know, they come home from a hard day and they feel good about themselves, right? I mean, I'm sure you do. And, you know, I do as well. So like they want to have that purpose. And so I think that, you know, really we have to sort of get to the root of the problem, which is just, again, how do we, you know, how do we sort of create jobs? How do we do things that,  side and the private side, you know, sort of working in tandem. And, you know, I'm very much a capitalist, but I do think that it's going to take, you know, folks to the top, you know, sort of giving back more, you know, the progressive tax system that, you know, we probably got to be even more progressive about that somehow trying to sort of create this balance, right? But it's just, you know, bringing back jobs, trying to create, you know, something that, you know, allows these people to feel like they really got a purpose. That's sort of the biggest issue to me when people say, hey, we can  or you may not have the skills to do that type of business, but there's obviously opportunity in each one of these towns. Is there kind of the same rise in popularity of entrepreneurship in kind of middle America or kind of how do you see that having evolved in light of what you see in the Silicon Valley type areas? Yeah, honestly, despite people being on Twitter and reading TechCrunch and your letter every day,  You know, they're not talking about coding. They're not talking about, you know, the things that you and I are probably often sort of, you know, encountering on a regular basis. So that, you know, again, to bring us back to sort of the educational piece, right? You know, how could we change, you know, curriculums in schools, you know, maybe to reframe it to sort of do some of these jobs that are going to be more future proof. I think that's a big part of it. But again, these disconnects I'm talking about, right? Sort of the, you know, what's happening on the coast versus what's happening in the middle. It's not just, you know, sort of the obesity and the health problems.  So certainly, technology is pervasive across our portfolio. But as I said before, we're investing in that company, the new primal, right? Which is started with beef jerky and now is moved into some other food. Obviously more and more venture capital firms are investing in consumer and products and whatnot these days. But by and large, it is technology. What I would say about us though is we've spent about half our capital in what we call secondary and tertiary geographies. So we've got entrepreneurs we're working with in places like Greensboro, North Carolina,  coming from a place like Raleigh, North Carolina is, you know, how big can the businesses get there? Not from an aspiration of the entrepreneur, not from a kind of competency standpoint or a value of an idea, but really around the talent it takes to build some of these companies. And, you know, if you're in a San Francisco or New York, you just have access to a bigger pool of talent, right? Now there's more competition for that talent, but it definitely is bigger. How do you guys think through, you know, being able to build a company in a Huntsville or,  in many of these places. And that's why we've got the office, our headquarters has been in New York City and we're gonna have the second headquarters in Nashville, right? But we still feel like it is crucial to have that connection to New York, to those talent pools, to that sort of series A and B capital. So I think while improvements are being made, while Zoom is having an impact, while Slack and all these other things are having an impact, it's still not the full solve.  you see more and more firms that are willing to invest in some of these communities. But by and large, I think there's still valuation arbitrage that, I know Steve Case and the guys that rise to the rest published something not so long ago that suggested there's still a 30% discount in some of these markets relative to the Valley and so forth. I'd say that's fairly consistent with what we see. So not only the valuation standpoint, but what comes from that is there's not as much competition.  And they can't really provide that bridge to that series a firm that's sitting in new york or san francisco Which we feel like you know, we've done a pretty decent job of doing Yeah, and one of the other aspects of these communities just over the years i've seen is uh is kind of the rise of um What would all really call startup communities, right? And what I mean by that is everything from accelerators to co-working spaces and kind of down the line these are things that um, usually are somehow incentivized by the government right because it's good for a job creation  and other things that are helping entrepreneurs get started in the non-metro cities? Yeah, no, it is great. I think they've got resources today that they never had. The quality of that varies from town to town, city to city. But nonetheless, I think it shows a dedication, it shows an appreciation for the need to try to be cultivating entrepreneurship in these communities for bringing not only the entrepreneurs together, but folks that might provide some seed capital, like you said, those service providers,  in that community. And I think, you know, they're now, you know, sort of the prototypes are out there, right? So I think, you know, if a city's not doing it the right way, I think there are places they can look and sort of, you know, make sure they got the right roadmap. Yeah. Hopefully there will be many, many more. I think we're moving to a world where it doesn't necessarily matter where you sit. If you can build a great business, you can do it from anywhere. Talk a little bit before we move into kind of the rapid fire to wrap up. Just your investment thesis is  Fast forward to sort of where we are today. And as I mentioned before, really focused on health and wealth, really focused on those entrepreneurs that believe sort of doing good is good business, finding that mission alignment. And look, and I think that we're still, returns are sort of objective number one, we're not an impact fund, right? Despite hoping to have a positive sort of influence on what's happening with our capital. But yeah, I think, so we do believe  along the coast. I think we've got a bit of a competitive advantage there. Again, sort of given the fact that I think I understand and know both of these communities. So really that's where we sit today. And I think this new sort of vantage point sitting in Nashville is gonna provide us a lot of unique exposure there as well. So I gotta ask, why Nashville? Yeah, well, so again, health and wealth, right? So you think New York, you think financial services, you think fintech, Nashville, you think healthcare, right?  going to be investing in healthcare, but I think, you know, sort of the fintech and then, you know, there's, there's a bit of a marriage to, I'm sure you've, you've been thinking about embedded fintech and sort of how all that looks and, you know, just, just ways that all this stuff starts to converge, right. And sort of fintech moving into healthcare. We think there could be some really unique opportunities there. So, so that, that's the reason for Nashville. Makes sense. Not, not too, uh, too bad on the food, the beer or the country music either. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and they, uh, they're partially my Southern accent down there.  that experience unfortunately passed away. But for me it was really sort of important in that I think we often think about, all right, we're all gonna pass away, right? But that sort of something just sort of shook me with that book and reminds me to be grateful about sort of what I had to try to be present, to try to enjoy sort of every day and just kind of back to the point again, try to make an impact, right? And so if we can sort of give more to some of these communities, improve some of these communities,  down in down in Kentucky. Not yet, but I keep my eyes open and I'll let you know if I see any. I'm always surprised by there's only two people ever who came on the podcast and asked about aliens and they said, no, I don't believe in aliens, but I believe in ghosts and those two people happen to be Josh Brown from Ritz Holt and Jim Kramer. And I said, of course, Jim Kramer believes in ghosts, not aliens. All right. You could ask me one question to to finish  For me, you know when I look at a New York if if New York doesn't come back to Kind of the vibrant city that at once was across all kinds of different verticals Then basically you're not living in New York. You're just living in an overpriced apartment, right? if If it comes back though I tend to think that there will always be a very large percentage of people that want to live in an environment where there's just the collision of people and ideas and industries and kind of  There's a line around the corner at the U-Haul rental, but at the same time, there's quite a few people who say, hey, I'm in it for the long haul, so we'll see how it plays out. But I tend to think that a lot of the short-term reactions might be a little overblown, and we really gotta get the data on the long term to see what changes for real. All right, listen, Wes, this is fantastic. You've got a very unique perspective just because you understand a place  for middle Americans and sort of in that health and wealth sector, we'd love to talk. Farmer underscore VC might be one of the best Twitter handles that have come on this podcast. Yeah, I can't hear it. Absolutely, man. All right, listen, thank you so much for doing this. I think people are really going to enjoy it and we will have to do this again in the future. Yeah, man. I appreciate you having me on.