 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got an awesome treat with you today. Rob is here. Thanks so much for doing this, man. Yeah, thanks for having me. So you are like Mr. Tesla now. There's like Elon Musk and then there's you. Maybe let's start with just your background and kind of how did all of this happen? Yeah, I don't know that I would rank it in that order, but as far as the background of Tesla Daily goes,  in mainstream media like CNBC complaining about, oh, there's another Tesla accident today and the Tesla caught on fire. So obviously the company is doomed and then the stock would go down 5%, 10% on that news. When if you actually look at the data, a Tesla vehicle, even at that time was much safer in terms of the number of fires happening per mile driven by the five to 10 times safer. So things like that just weren't really getting out there. And I'd been a Tesla investor since early 20s.  I'd probably have five or 10 texts being like, okay, is this a big deal? Should I sell my stock? What's going on? So I figured, okay, I'm spending all this time about Tesla. I'm not quite learning as much anymore because I understand the vision of the company at this point, but I could probably be helping other people fit all this information, contextualize all this information, and make sure that it's accurate for people. So that's when I had the idea to start the Tesla Daily podcast. I did it daily because everything, as we've seen over the last few years, is changing so rapidly with Tesla that  goal  They'll take the questions from the analysts every quarter, maybe they'll take like five or six, they'll give their company update and then radio silence for the next 90 days or whatever the case is. Tesla has done a really good job of giving the opportunity to retail investors to be more interactive. I think the pivotal moment for this was when they took a call from Galileo Russell of HyperChange. I don't know if you're familiar with him at all, but similar stuff that I'm doing covering Tesla really closely.  quarter. So for the last few quarters, I've been able to sort of come up with good questions and then my audience has supported those questions and voted them to the top to the point where I can get one, two, or three questions. Last quarter was sort of the first three questions on that platform on the earnings scale. So it's just something that Tesla has done. They're disrupting in so many different spaces, but I think they're also disrupting in sort of investor relations and investor communication, especially as it relates to retail investors, which I think is really important for  Yeah, I think it starts at the top. Obviously, if Elon didn't want to do it, it wouldn't happen. I think Tesla's got a really good team in place around Elon that has that same mentality of, let's start from scratch. Let's build things up from the bottom. Let's not really conform to the norms that have existed in the past, whether that's in automotive manufacturing or whether that's in investor relations. It's just the company culture that Tesla has. And obviously, that starts with Elon. But I think it permeates throughout the rest of the organization, throughout the management team. And I think we see that play out  Tesla is a fascinating company. Like I said, for me, I became aware of the company back in 2013, made a small investment at that time and just started learning more and more about the company. And really just, like I said, became fascinated with it. And I think a lot of other people have felt similarly. I think it's, you know, I always compare it to Apple. They're very different companies and very different goals and things like that. But for me, I was really captivated with Apple. Apple was sort of my first investment. And for me, it's really about developing.  They obviously do some marketing, but they don't pay for ads on TV. They prefer to put all that money into reinvesting and making the product better. So that's where it starts. That's where the product focus happens and that allows them to create this disruptive product that we saw with the Model S back in 2012. So Tesla's original master plan that Elon published back in 2006 was, okay, we're going to build a really expensive sports car. That was the Tesla Roadster built on the Lotus Elise chassis.  So what they said is, okay, we're going to take this expensive car. We're going to take the profits from this. We're going to reinvest it in the business and try and build a more affordable car. So that was the second car, the model S that came out in 2012, you know, starting price around 50,000. That's sort of the low end. They eventually cut that low end version just because consumers weren't really happy with the range that it was providing, which was like 160 miles. But the higher end models had, you know, maybe an $80,000 price for 250 miles of range, something like that. So, you know,  you experience the product and you take it out for a drive, you see the 17-inch touchscreen across the dash, you see autopilot handling 95% of your driving on the highway, you feel the electric powertrain, the instant torque of the vehicle, you see these high safety ratings that can't be achieved with an internal combustion engine vehicle because of the structure of the vehicle. There's just all these different advantages that pile up and then you start to get it, you just say, oh, this is disruption and no one else is doing it. And Tesla is so far ahead because they've been laser-focused  auto industry is trying to push that back as far as they can. And that just leads to this wide gap where Tesla's growing rapidly and everybody else is declining. And my perspective as a bullish investor is that that's going to continue. So sort of getting into the second part, catching us up to today, Tesla's delivered the Model 3. That's a high volume vehicle. They're shipping 350,000 of those a year. The Model Y is next. So that's sort of the crossover version of the Model 3. And that is  They're going to do the exact same thing again with the Model 3 to the next version of whatever comes next. So at Battery Day, they said, in three years probably, they're going to be able to sell a Tesla for $25,000. And that's probably going to have a range around 300 miles. And that's going to be even more disruptive than what the Model 3 has been when the Model 3 has already taken greater than 50% of the market share in the luxury premium sedan space in the United States. So if you introduce a $25,000 vehicle and that takes  Tesla's just continue to ramp up volume. Yeah. And I think that what's so interesting about the company is it started out as there's no way they can create one type of car. And it's almost like the detractors move the goalpost over and over and over. Absolutely. Right. It's like, Hey, look, they can't create the first car. Okay. They created it. Oh, they can't scale it. Then they scaled it. This is okay. They can't do a second one. Then they did that, right? They can't reduce the price point. Then they did that. And they can't, and like, you just kind of unpack this and you're like, what is the credible kind of critique? And one of my favorite questions to ask people is like the people who would  And so, I think that's a really good question.  10 million Tesla aspires to grow to about double that. People say, okay, even if they achieve their wildest ambitions, they're still only fairly valued today. But I think what a lot of people miss from the bearish perspective is that Tesla is not just selling cars. They're selling technology. They're a tech company mixed with a manufacturing company mixed with an insurance company. There's all these things that Tesla is doing that other automakers aren't. And that's why Tesla, in my point of view, deserves a premium valuation.  margin, no other automakers are able to capture that sort of high margin revenue from software. So that's where Tesla's premium valuation comes in. And if you extend that to the future and you say, okay, I do think Tesla can sell 10 million vehicles per year, 20 million vehicles per year, and you know, okay, let's just hold everything else steady. Let's say that they continue to sell that option for $8,000 and let's say 25% of people continue to opt for it. Then you have an average selling price increase of $2,000 on 20 million vehicles.  before accounting for, you know, the stationary storage business, the solar business, Tesla insurance, like all these other things, a full fully autonomous robot taxi network, which obviously just sort of breaks the valuation to the upside. There's just so much, so much that Tesla is doing that these other car makers aren't really positioned to do. And that's why you see the premium to the valuation. Now, as far as the bear case goes, it's pretty simple. It's okay. Tesla's not going to achieve that. And if you look at some of the comments that Elon has made in the past, like he's not always delivered on time.  Musk said that in 2020 Tesla would deliver 500,000 vehicles that year. And even with a global pandemic this year, they're on track for pretty much achieving right around that somewhere between 480,000 and 520,000. So it doesn't always happen on time, but Elon's track record is pretty good in terms of delivering what he sets out to do. But yeah, the bare case is just that that won't happen. And if it doesn't, then yeah, Tesla's way overvalued right now. And so when we think through this, there's kind of two schools of thought. One,  going to be 100% every time. But if you hit 50% of those goals, the progress you make is going to be incredible. If you eventually get there, but you're just off on timing, then this is going to be a really, really valuable company. To me, it's always felt like you're trying to hold somebody to, you said X number by Y date perfectly. It just always felt more like we were in the latter bucket of like, no, this is somebody who  the goal setting, the milestones, the ambition, but also you've got a public company, you've got to be able to represent things to shareholders. For sure. Yeah. And that's a really great, I think that's a lot of people share that perception of Tesla. Like, okay, they keep missing all these targets. They keep putting these things out there to pump the stock and then they raise capital on those goals that they're never going to achieve. I wouldn't say it's a fair criticism, but it makes sense why it exists. But to your point, stretch goals exist for a reason.  public about their internal targets, and inevitably they end up missing some of those internal targets. I think we've seen a shift in the last 18 months, and this is reflected in the stock price now where Tesla has started to be more conservative in the guidance that they share with Wall Street so that they can overachieve it. For whatever reason, Wall Street really loves to have that, okay, you said you're going to do this, you've delivered all this stuff in the past, so I can count on at least not getting my model wrong if you tell me you're going to do this.  Wall Street really likes to be able to have confidence in what management is saying, and Tesla hasn't really given that to them historically. But I think they've shifted in how they've started operating. And I think that's a big part of what we've seen with the stock price this year. One of the things that has always confounded me when people talk about Tesla is they focus on the cars. And it's been pretty obvious for a long time that this is very much a battery company. And if they get the battery right, the car works. But there's also potential for other things around that battery technology.  the cost of energy by 54%. And Tesla still has some work to do to make sure all this happens and can scale to volume production, but they have a clear fundamental engineering scientific approach to be able to do this, that they're highly competent in being able to achieve. So if you think about the cost of a Tesla battery pack today, most estimates are that Tesla's producing each kilowatt hour costs them about $120, $110, something like that. So if you have a hundred kilowatt hour pack, you're at a $12,000 pack.  looking at a vehicle with the performance of the Model 3 available for $30,000 and then you factor in the cost of ownership savings from fueling up with electricity versus fueling up with gasoline, you're saving $1,000 a year probably on that depending on how many miles you're driving and what your gas prices are. So it really quickly starts to become competitive with vehicles that cost $20,000 and these are the bare bones type of vehicles that are really just the opening price point of a Honda Civic or something  in place that we have already have in pilot line type of operation that we're going to work towards and hopefully achieve in two to three years. So the other thing that they have also said, so that's sort of the cost, they're going to bring costs way down. The other thing that they've also done is increase the range that they can get out of the vehicles. So there's a number of different changes, both within the battery cell and then in terms of the actual design of the vehicle. So I'll give you an example of just how the design of the vehicle  stack that on with the cost savings, you're looking at the model three today. If it gets 300 miles of range, that's going to be bumped up to 450 miles of range for about the same price. Or you can bring the cost down, et cetera. There's just a lot of flexibility there. And one example of a way that they've been able to do that, there's a multitude of different things here. But Tesla really approaches things from a first principles design point of view. So they're trying to build things from the ground up every time and find the best way to do it rather than  you're just not getting as much fuel in the wing as you possibly could. So at a certain point in time, that design was rethought and nowadays modern airplanes have the entire sort of wing structure act as the fuel tank. So instead of having this fuel tank inside this wing structure, it's just all this. So you get more gravimetric energy density, you get more volumetric energy density. So some more thing has been taking place in the automotive electric vehicle design space where people are taking these battery cells and just sort of placing  actual active materials because they're eliminating those parts that before we're providing structure and instead just having the battery cell perform that function. So that's adding like a 15% increase in range. And there's just a whole lot of lists of a whole long list of ways that Tesla's planning on doing this that they walk through in battery day that sort of add up to that 54%. So I think a lot of that stuff is not appreciated. And again, that's where Tesla continues to show that they're sort of leaps and bounds ahead of competitors, which really aren't  a symbol and almost been an aspirational type product now. And it feels like if that wasn't the way that the company was built in the brand and things like that, this would have been over a long time ago. Like this was the only way to do that. Do you get the same sense or do you have a different view? Yeah, I think so. I mean, the Tesla is really the only automaker in sort of the last hundred years that has been able to sort of get to volume production and be profitable. And that was always a critical argument for Tesla as we talked about before, you know, the moving goalposts.  year, that's not going to be a factor anymore. Well, it'll still be a factor, but it's not going to be the driving source of profitability. So there have been those criticisms against Tesla over time. But back to the original point, there hasn't been an automaker that has been able to be successful. And I think Tesla has sort of threaded that needle in a very unique way. And a lot of that has been due to Elon Musk as sort of the original financier of the company. He was willing to put sort of every last dollar that he had to make sure that Tesla was able to survive that really painful  where you're manufacturing vehicles, that's really expensive. You don't have the luxury of having those software margins that an internet startup might have. So it's really difficult. And I think Tesla was, I don't want to say fortunate, but sort of uniquely positioned in that they were creating that disruptive technology. If we think about other electric vehicle startups today, they have to compete with Tesla. Tesla didn't have to compete with Tesla. So I think it's going to be really tricky for any other new electric vehicle  They'll tell you that this is the next great company, not even car company, but just the next great company. How do we get there and how big do you think this gets? Just walk me out 10 or 20 years from now, what does this look like? Is the company still around? Or do they not make it? What do you envision that this turns into, fully understanding that you're commenting from the outside,  exist. That's sort of the base case. As we look at why I'm invested significantly in the company, it's really because I do believe that Tesla can continue to scale and that the competition is going to continue to struggle to deliver a product that can be competitive with Tesla. Even today, they're not really delivering electric vehicles that are competitive. And that's before considering that they're probably not even profitable on those vehicles. And a lot of the funding for those vehicles is provided again because they need to offset those  So I think a lot of people don't really fully understand what that means. A Tesla battery pack and the Model 3 or the Model Y is 75 kilowatt hours. Three terawatt hours is 40 million of those per year. Like that's absolutely insane. The amount of energy capacity that Tesla is trying to target by 2030. So not all of that is going to go to producing 40 million vehicles. Tesla has aspirations to, you know, they sell energy storage products that can be tied in with the  would go to sort of those energy storage products, 50% to vehicles. So they're really targeting more around long-term producing about 20 million vehicles per year, which as we talked about before, will be sort of two times the scale of Toyota. So because of Tesla's advantages and how they're positioned right now and how there is this clear path to Tesla producing a $25,000 electric vehicle that's really not all that different from the Model 3 today, I think I'm pretty confident that Tesla can achieve that.  energy storage. So right now, the highest revenue generating company in the world is Walmart at about half a trillion, 520 billion per year. So I believe Tesla's got a really, really clear path that they walked through at Battery Day to sort of double the highest grossing company right now. So that's sort of my perspective. And then the other bullish layer, which ARK Invest is very excited about, is the potential for Tesla to deliver an autonomous robo-taxi network type of situation that would really just take the place  extremely high margin for Tesla, which again, sort of just breaks the valuation. And that's why you see these really bullish price targets for Tesla from companies like ARK Invest. I think pre-split, their highest case price target on Tesla was like $24,000 a share, which would be $4,500 a share now or something like that post-split. So yeah, I mean, that's sort of the bull case is Tesla scales up to be this massive player in the automotive market.  They have to pay engineers to drive them around, things like that. Tesla actually gets paid by their customers to get these vehicles on the road, and then their customers just drive them around for them. So Tesla has a very clear path to scaling to acquire that data, and it really is at the end of the day, a data problem that Tesla's positioned to acquire the most data. So I feel good. I don't know when Tesla will get to an autonomous vehicle type of situation. What matters to me is that Tesla's strategy appears to be the one that would be the leading strategy.  Also under the Tesla Daily brand. So I've been doing that for a few months now and that just sort of every day gives really the most important thing that happens in Tesla that day and sort of a 300 word article or something. So if you don't have time to listen to a 10, 15 minute podcast each day, which that in and of itself is pretty quick. But if you've only got a couple of minutes every morning to just read something, that's what I recommend. I try to just hit the highlight every single day as best I can. Got it. I have the same two questions to everybody and then you'll get to ask me one  Reddit, you know, all the different blogs like Electra, Taserati. So I'm constantly reading these things and then just constantly trying to find new informative people that I can follow and understand. And I think Twitter is a great place for that. There's so many people sharing so much valuable information that is extremely timely. And that's where I think, you know, I lose a little bit of interest in sort of the book sort of infrastructure is it takes  to go through and sit down and read a book. So I should probably change that. It's something I think a lot about, but that's where my time gets captured is just reading everything online. I'm actually very similar. I read books, you know, kind of really important ones I want to sit and like really, really go through. But for the most part, I consume podcasts, audio books, and then basically screw around on the internet and look for cool stuff. Right. Exactly. I don't think that that is that abnormal, if you will. Let's go. It makes me feel better.  not contacted us. But I think probably the solution of that is, okay, somebody has to be first in exploring the universe, so why can't we be the first ones to do that? So, yeah, I don't know. I kind of go back and forth, but I think it's unlikely that we're sort of the only ones. If I could ask a question, what are your thoughts on that? Absolutely. I think from a mathematical perspective, just very probable aliens exist. The two questions  It's definitely kind of hard to unpack. But from a pure existence, forget time, forget contact. I think that you got to say, there's got to be life somewhere else. Yeah. It just seems extremely unlikely that it wouldn't be the case. Absolutely. You can ask me one more question. Usually everyone gets asked me a question. So if you got one more, great. If not, we can end it. Yeah. I think you're also a content creator. I would just be curious to hear your perspective on what  you prop is, hey, you come teach me everything and you also be teaching much other people at the same time. But I think that's definitely the thing I get most enjoyment out of. It's just learning kind of on a daily basis. And I'm assuming that you're, you're, you're pretty similar yourself. Yeah, absolutely. And you know, that goes back to the start, you know, what you said, you'd be doing it if there wasn't an audience, you know, we all start out that way. You start doing it, there's no audience. The audience builds over time because I think we, you know, probably have this passion for, uh, for learning and then also helping people sort of understand, um, things and, you know,  or the column at the street, you're doing an amazing job and everyone's so much from you. So thanks so much for doing this. Yeah. Thanks so much for having me. Great talk.