 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Nicky here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. Let's jump right into your background. Where did you grow up and what did you do before you started building companies? Sure. So I'm from Germany originally. My, I was born, raised in Munich. My parents are from Argentina, so they moved from Argentina to Germany. I was born and raised in Munich.  And then a business school in Stanford. That's where I met my co-founder and we started our first company right after. So talk a little bit about Stanford and going to business school there. You obviously had this amazing experience. You got close with somebody who previously has been on the podcast and Andy maybe just talk about the experience a little bit and kind of how that served as a foundation for some stuff you've done professionally. Yeah. So you go into business school expecting a lot of things and then you find  have set higher expectations and yet everything was way exceeded, including because I was lucky and had a class with Andy Radcliffe, where we've really dissected startups and looked at startups and understood why some of them are working and what to strive for when you build your own company. Yeah. And so for those that don't know, Andy, who previously came on, is a co-founder of Benchmark and has been in Silicon Valley for at this point 30 years, probably, and just had this epic, epic career.  in, like which industry, because you really want to be authentic to the space. And the space I'd been most authentic at that point was golf. Like I was good at golf, but I didn't want to start a golf startup. And so I was looking around and trying to have insights and trying to learn and realize I'm not learning anything that gives me a crazy edge in a crazy space. And part of business school is going on a lot of trips with your classmates. And so Chris, my co-founder and classmate at the time,  It's like meeting your childhood hero. Like he wasn't very impressed after all. And then I asked him, so what do you find interesting in the car space? And he, like I pressed the right button. He just kept talking about everything he understood at noon. I was so impressed. He knows everything I thought. And then he said, there's one model that he particularly, particularly interesting. It's the, what's called buy here pay her model or we're underbanked Americans or immigrants go to the car dealership to get a loan in the car.  start. But while we were exploring the space, all our classmates knew that we were exploring something in the car space and Chris was the one to talk to about cars. And when we graduated, all our classmates needed to sell their cars. So naturally they asked us for advice. And then we went from giving advice to selling our classmates cars and Craigslist very quickly. And so when you're doing this, is it a thing where, okay, let's go look like let's start a company and let's go figure out the car space.  you have to have customers and then you can call it a company. So I didn't know what we're doing. I didn't know we're slipping into starting a company. The one thing we had learned and taken to heart was what Andy Richter have taught us is that the most important thing about starting a company is finding value. You need to find product market fit. You need to find something that if you put it out there, people talk about it and they come and beg you to provide that. And Chris was the one who had the insight or the realization quicker than  put it on Craigslist and then indeed found buyers. That person was paying for the car. We returned the money to the seller and he couldn't believe how much money we got for this car because he had the benchmark he had was what dealerships were offering. And then like a light bulb went down when we realized this is value we can provide. So now the question is how can we provide it to more people? And it wasn't even then it was when when Andy and I grabbed a beer and I told him, Hey, I've been selling cars all summer, but now I need to figure out with my life. When he said, I think you should be selling cars.  to find value no matter what. We did a lot of things that didn't scale and we didn't care. The goal was to provide value. If somebody pays you for what you do, you clearly provide it value. If you can attract other people who may not be in the Stanford network, that's a really good sign too. So we ended up just walking into the Tesla dealerships because Tesla didn't have a trading program at the time. And we told the sales guys, hey, do you have a problem with people wanting to trade in cars? And like, yeah, it's a huge problem. Our experience is so clunky. We said, just put him in touch with  we wouldn't have to be there in person for people who either didn't show up or showed up late. And in reality, we're creating a much better experience if we let customers test drive these cars by themselves. And so that's where technology came in and all of a sudden scaled the business or the operations by a lot because we could have 40 parallel test drives versus having to be at all of these test drives in person and spend an hour with somebody who might not even buy the car. And so as you're doing this, one of the things that's always  But you guys kind of held on to this one part of the experience that made it not 100% digital, which was you started to test drive the car. Right? And so talk a little bit about, was that like a point of we are not going to compromise on this. We know that people want to test drive these. And so we have to bake that into the experience. Or how did you guys kind of hold on to that, even though you were really building kind of a digital technology enabled buying experience? Yeah, you're completely right. So we, we just tried to marginally change the status quo to create a business.  the seller and the buyer at the same time. What if we focus on one of them and figure out how to make it an exceptional value proposition for them? And so we looked into, can we offer sellers more money through technology? And the answer was no, it's a commodity. And then we looked into how can we help buyers? And we realized, well, there's the wholesale auction. That's the marketplace where dealerships get their inventory from 200,000 cars every day. A lot of them in really good condition need very little reconditioning should and could go directly to the  There has to be a test drive to there can't be a test drive. And then we needed to prove it to ourselves that we can sell cars 100% aligned without test drive and just guaranteeing seven days money back in case there's something wrong with the car. And so the first conversation, as you can imagine, we're, we're, what are you doing? No, I'm not going to buy a car set on scene and hang up. Other people thought we were scam and left the up reviews. Um, and we're like, Oh shoot, we need to figure this out. And then the first person to buy a car from us was an older gentleman.  And so that's how we kind of slipped and said, no, but it's really, you fell into the online car retailing model, if that makes sense. Yeah. What's so interesting to me here is like you found a place where there was value. You kind of wedged yourself in, began to really, really understand it and become experts at this one piece of the car market. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to make it a front-end. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out how to scale it. And then you figured out  and just iterate, iterate, iterate. There's the other extreme, which is just be a visionary and tell you, I know how the future is going to look like. I'll just build it. And then I think the truth is the combination of both. Something I admittedly learned from Ernie Garcia, who started Carvana. He always had the future in mind, but he was willing and scrappy to iterate to a place where he tested, learned, tested, learned, tried out things. And then he came up with crazy ideas like vending machines that all of a sudden everybody loved.  building, with this technology we've got to build, now comes the execution of just we got to do it. And so how does that play out and how big did the company get? Yeah. So we pivoted from the peer-to-peer model to the direct-to-consumer model. That company, that business value provision started taking off. And we had a lot of advisors and VCs we had been in touch with very closely in regular communication with and giving them updates on how we're doing. And all of a sudden I wrote an email and I didn't even notice I did that.  weeks just because we had the relationship with the investors and I said the right thing without knowing. And then the transition from scrappy founders literally working out of a garage where it's hot in the summer and cold in the winter and two or three team members to building a company that scales. That was a transition where we started to hire the executive team. We hired somebody who had sales and marketing. We hired somebody who did, took care of financing because when you buy and sell cars, you move a lot of money very quickly.  profitable. Our problem was two things. Number one, every incremental sale became harder, not easier because the first people we talked to were Uber drivers, Lyft drivers, people who had a car lease, wanted to replace it with the exact same car and own it. And then after we hit 150 sales a month, we tapped into the market where people had saved for this car for a year or two and became really emotional around the purchase. Our buying is very emotional. And so we underestimated that. That was hard.  You get to the point where you realized, wait, this can be a really, really big business. Did you get to the point where you said, hey, we actually think that partnering up with somebody makes sense? How did your thought from, I want to start a company. Okay, now I got the company. Now I know what I want to build. We're scaling. What was the next thought in that journey? I'm going to tell you a story that usually, the interpreters don't tell you. We wanted to build a really big company, but we felt stuck. We had this really nice trajectory and had you drawn out how our sales grew  at Carvan and just said, let's compare notes. We're in the same space. We showed them what we had built. We had become really good at describing vehicles 100% online because we had to describe the vehicle, vehicles in our inventory because they weren't in our physical possession. And that's something Carvan had planned on building out soon. And then they said, why don't we just team up? Your tech is really great. Why don't you want to apply it to a much bigger base and be growing like that? And we can finance customers below 700 credit score.  that was going to happen or maybe it was at some point in the future. And then two is once you get public, the stock price takes off and it's this crazy situation. But just talk a little bit about going from a startup founder to a founder who's scaling to a founder who sold their business to next thing you know, you're basically running a division inside of a publicly traded company. Yeah, things happen really quickly, but that's true for everybody at Carvana. So the way I tell the story is that usually you either write it through, you start a company,  We knew that Carvana was going to go public when we first talked to them. That made the transaction a lot more interesting for us too because we knew we had equity in these businesses and we wanted to make sure that we have for the four years of suffering, underpaying ourselves that we get something out of it. And so knowing that Carvana was going to be public was compelling. The company went public at $15 and it didn't take off immediately. It actually went down to $8. And so nobody tells that story.  When it goes from 8 to 55, we wanted to prove ourselves. I think especially Chris and myself, the two founders, we really wanted to prove to Corvina it was a good decision to bring us on board. They extended a lot of trust to us and they made what felt like a big bet on us. And so the first year we were just really, really busy. Chris was integrating what we had built at Corvipsa and I was looking into areas where I could be influential. And so what felt really good is  the opposite. We felt like we had ownership of a really interesting areas of the business. We felt like we were contributing. And then by the time we could sell for the first time, it felt a little bit like a relief because we had been massively underpaying ourselves for four years when we were in the company. And so that helped a little bit. And then the other thing is we needed to convince our team that making the move to Carvana was a smart decision. And more than looking out for ourselves, we actually looked out for our team quite a lot.  it feels like a relief that like this initial vision we all had that used cars should be bought and sold online is actually happening. Like COVID, COVID accelerated that process as well. Just like it accelerated a lot of other e-commerce and digitization efforts. The same is true for car sales. The story of kind of stomaching that level of volatility in a stock is incredible. So kudos to you guys for stomaching as much as you did.  into the future and really COVID forced these trends to accelerate. How has it played out from your perspective? Yeah. As sad COVID is for many reasons, I think there's a little bit of excitement that I'm feeling about humanity making progress from a tech perspective. Carvana was really, really good for us and to us. After three years, Chris and I ended up deciding to move on. The reason we moved on is because we felt like  customers and realized they're having financial difficulties, we again came up with this thought. If you only refinanced your car, you could tap into the positive equity in your car. It's actually a really creative way to access cash. And then the third insight we had, and I'll tell you where I'm going with this in a second. The third insight we have is people who make their payments when they take out a car loan, they migrate in credit. And so for people with exceptional credit, the difference isn't that big, but if you migrate from a 620 credit score to  connection point of transactions moving online and branches being closed, you create incredible opportunities for fintech, for in our case, re-financing of auto loans. And we felt it was so compelling to double down on that, that we ended up leaving Carvana in June, I think, to start or work on starting a new company. And so really what you're kind of writing is two different trends, right? One, the digitization of a lot of things, if not everything, and also the financialization.  company, but it's also bang basically a lender. And so Carvana creates an incredible experience also because you can get your loan on the spot. It's like it fuels the transactions. It's what we were missing when we were selling cars in our business. And we didn't know it at the time. In fact, it took Chris and me probably a year and a half to fully understand the power of point of sale financing when you do online car sales. Like a firm is a good example. Think of a firm within Carvana. That's what Carvana is, practically.  how important fully integrating financing in your solution is to disrupt a certain market.  Houses are sold online. Opendoor is such a good example of, they call it the full stack, owning the full stack of what is necessary to provide a good customer experience. Opendoor started as a data company. The guys, and we talked to them early because it was so similar to our business, selling cars and buying cars and selling and buying houses is so similar. Opendoor pitched itself as a data company knowing nuances of prices and properties better than anybody else. I think if you asked them today, they would admit, no, no, no, the secret is full  you're running multiple business at once. But if we get it right, do you have a moat? 100%? How do you think about sequentially building that? Because there's a lot of people who say, okay, I want to own the full stack, but it would be near impossible to go out and just build it all from day one. So is it a thing where let's start at the very top of the funnel, kind of dominate there and then kind of move downstream as we go? Do you start downstream? Do you try to pick kind of where in the funnel you're going to start from a strategic standpoint? Like how do you just think sequentially building it out to eventually eat the entire funnel?  businesses, which that's not a problem, but because somebody will do it, it's great. If you do it, you need a little bit more capital. And I think the other thing you need, you need to have the courage to potentially acquire somebody else, like a vertical that you can't quickly build and bring it in-house much earlier than you would otherwise. And so actually a good example is Vroom. Vroom is the other online car seller. They started out trying to sell used cars online and they quickly noticed they could get like a huge, huge, huge acceleration in the business.  I think. Is that the main advantage to second or kind of multiple time founders is the ability to access capital? I'm early in my second journey. So I can't speak for myself. Um, I can tell you that, uh, the things you said, people start believing quicker and see you need to do a little more, little less convincing. I think this is something that Andy said. And I think it's true. I'm now very authentic to the space. Like I've just through seven years,  are there things that you specifically are going to do different or kind of our lessons learned from business number one that you'll implement for business number two? Yeah, I think there's a don't repeat the same mistakes because there were many be, I mentioned that earlier this time around it's, I want to have a, do it when I do a better job communicating, telling myself in the team and reminding myself what the mission is. Back then we just said, let's change how you scores are being sold. But this time around we want to save American money.  business or whether we'll end up working with credit unions and help them in their digitization efforts. But I can tell you that this time the North Star is very clear. And I think part of the reason why it wasn't so clear back then when we started for the first time was like when you leave business school, you're really eager and you have these peers and you want to be successful really quickly. While if you have this North Star, it might take longer, but at least you have good direction. And I think I was lacking that at the time. And then frankly, Ernie always says,  Inversus said, yeah, building a car retailer, that's not a good idea because there'll be autonomous cars and everybody will drive Uber. This time around, that question never came up. Timing was also interesting because people are shifting to car ownership and not away from it. So through the pandemic, car sales are through the roof because people want to have their own cars. Autonomous cars had some incidents over the last three years that slowed down that progress too.  big company. People underestimate how big the market is. Carvana has a market share of, I think, 0.6, 0.7%, not even 1% of the car market, used car market. And you can see how valuable they are. So it's a huge market. That's incredible. Just to think of how big that market is, right? Insane. Yeah. You've got some very interesting thoughts around, I'll call them FinTech type businesses. It seems like everyone today  and cloning a business that worked somewhere else. And so the conviction always was if it works in the US, humans are the same, the internet the same all over the world, we'll just take these same businesses and bring them everywhere. And in some cases it worked and others it didn't. You had these scooters in some places, actually in the original places in China, they didn't work, but then everybody tried to do it everywhere else. And so neobanks, I think a little bit like that too, where you have a few examples like Brazil, for example,  That would not be a good business because the existing lenders are really good at what they're doing. The best product in fact of products that accredited unions are offering, especially for people who have exceptional credit. They just have a different problem. They can't reach their customers. They can't engage their members good enough to make sure that members get their perfect products. To put things into perspective, so even if you have a credit union, but you work with a credit union member of a credit union and you qualify for say 2% auto loan, the second you go to the dealership,  And then it's almost the white label Neobank, other than having the full bank on your side and then trying to compete for customers. Although your product is ultimately fundamentally not better than the existing ones. So that's how I think about it. Yeah. So really it ends up at the same place. It's just a matter of, is it you as a software company or technology company being a Neobank, or do you basically put the pieces together to offer that experience to the customer? But maybe you don't have to do it all yourself, right? I think for the consumer, you end up at the same place.  existing products and just do a much better job engaging the customer and giving these providers who have good products access to these members and customers. And so that's where we are in our thought process too. That makes sense. What's been the biggest surprise so far in starting the second company? The first company, I think everyone expects founders to go in, eyes wide and kind of bushy-tailed and very naive and they get tons and tons of surprises. Most people don't talk about the second company though. And although you guys are just starting,  multiple times. Number one, you jump into the first opportunity quickly because you really want it. And then you feel like you know more now until you're listening less. I think the second one is a real risk and we're proving to ourselves that listening to credit unions and customers and members and other partners proves really valuable because you have so many surprises that you otherwise overhear or don't take seriously. And so we spend a lot of time on the phone, which is great because you can talk to so many people  is they can get access to capital and they want to go buy things. And sometimes they buy each other. Other times they buy the incumbents or smaller players that have legacy models. Is there a world where maybe we see the reverse, like in the car industry, where some of the larger players say, nope, we're going to buy the tech companies and integrate them? And so it's not necessarily the tech companies being the acquirers. Or do you think that the DNA of a startup, venture-funded tech business is just so different than these legacy businesses that it's  companies because it has to be the DNA that changes. It's actually a very good example of the innovators dilemma. How Carmex is a great example. Carmex is returning one and a half billion dollars to its shareholders every year. Yet, Carvana is selling a third of the car and is worth three times as much. And so Carmex is now have they're now faced with this dilemma. Should I just continue this business that returns tons of money to my shareholders or should I invest money into projects initiatives  It really is an interesting thing to see a fully vertically integrated business attack a market where the incumbents have been caught on their heels a little bit. Because I think to your point, the longer and longer they wait, actually the harder it becomes to change course. If they wait too long, we know how that ends and that's not pretty for anyone involved with the incumbents. I think car dealers will play a different role in the future. You have the manufacturers who build cars,  But now the financing products are becoming more transparent and now they need, they have feel more competition on that level. Servicing is still an opportunity for franchise dealerships where you go back and return your car, but if it becomes electric, you don't have a lot of service. So I think the structures will continue to exist. I think car dealerships will figure out slightly different business models. If it was for me, I think they should try to innovate around ownership. Like it would be really nice  There's a piece of advice for people who want to be founders and have yet to figure out what to work on. That piece will be, you just need to get started. It's really important to get started. Because the second you have conversations, you learn something that you didn't know, and it's so easy to talk yourself out of starting if you only start the company in your head and you're not doing anything. So step one is you need to get started and force yourself to figure out how can you provide value. That forces you to have conversation  If I were talking to myself seven years ago, I would tell myself, spend less money, keep the burn lower for longer, keep learning, and really, really find out what product market fit means for you and then double down. And don't think you have it when you're not sure because that's dangerous. That's a great piece of advice. I asked the same two questions to everybody, and then you get to ask me one to finish. First is, what is the most important book you've ever read? Most important or most recent?  And I really enjoy it. It's really good too, because he almost uses, he uses like real life scenarios, right? To kind of explain the, uh, the different lessons, which is pretty cool. Uh, second question is more fun aliens, believer or non-believer. So I still want to go to area 51. I've never been to check it out. I want to see with my own eyes. Um, I have seen no evidence that I don't think they're out there, but I don't think, I think the chances are non-zero that they exist somewhere.  there's a lot of people listening to you. And I listened to a podcast two weeks ago, three weeks ago. I really enjoyed it. And it's clearly a big investment in time and effort on your end. What are you getting out of it? And what excites you about it? This is the most selfish thing I do. I tell people all the time, it's great. I enjoy that everyone else finds these valuable, but if nobody listened, I would still do that because you just sat down and gave me a crash course over an hour in the car industry and building companies. All the things that you've learned  thing for a guest to come on. So having that audience is kind of the gifted back in exchange, if you will, for, hey, you give us information, I'll give you this big platform. But also too, I think is more and more as I pay attention to why people say they come on the podcast, like, yes, there are kind of self benefits, right? In terms like I can promote my company, I can promote what I'm doing. But I really do think people have this inherent desire and enjoyment from giving back to others, right? So it's like, hey,  people to go find you on the internet or find more about, I don't even know if we're allowed to say the name of the company, but you, the name is clutch. Uh, the URL is with clutch.com. It's a prototype. So whatever you see, take it with a grain of salt and give me the benefit of doubt that it's still a prototype. Um, and then ideally connect with me on LinkedIn. Uh, look for my name, Nicholas and you can put in the show notes. Um, I love to connecting with people, um, share thoughts, ideas. If somebody has feedback for me, I think feedback is a gift. So be kind.