 All right, guys. Bang, bang. Super excited. I've got a two for one today. I've got Will Colen Parker-Lewis from Unchained Capital. What's going on, guys? Thanks for doing this. Hey, Pomp. I'm going to be back on the show, Pomp. Thanks for having us on. Absolutely. Let's start with Parker, since you are a repeat guest. For those that didn't listen to the first episode, just give us the two minutes on your background and how you got to Unchained.  and unchanged just about two years ago. I lead our business development efforts and then I convinced Will to come on. I'll let him introduce himself, but to come on and join us.  said and Unchained has been a great place to work. Awesome. And maybe you guys can give us just a quick overview. What exactly does Unchained do?  And the service to sit alongside money is naturally financial services. And it's just a matter of the thing that differentiates the unchained in that equation is how we facilitate custody and then how we layer on top financial services. Got it. That makes a lot of sense. And so obviously we wanted to do this because there has been this surge in interest in businesses holding Bitcoin after kind of a couple of businesses, probably MicroStrategy is the most famous, have decided to take a majority of their balance sheet that currently  he did a great job and seeing that melting ice cube and wondering what the hell am I doing with all these dollars sitting here? We looked into gold, looked into real estate, and finally landed on Bitcoin. I do think that we're going to see a lot more companies take that route, but obviously, Saylor had a pretty sophisticated long view of this, and it's going to take some people some time to catch up. And the way I see it is that they're going to be looking at Bitcoin for its unique  in  perform their normal day to day operations. Parker, anything to add in terms of the macro? Yeah, I think one of the things that I would add, and we'll touch on it, but I think there's two paths converging to one, which is Bitcoin is inherently, or at least coming around to it and seeing it as money, is an inherently individual process. I think the case of micro strategy is interesting, and I think it's particularly important and probably  Bitcoin, recognizing that businesses are an extension of individuals. And so that there will be this natural progression that typically everybody has cash that they manage personally and then cash they manage as part of their business. And when you think about your current banking suite, if you're just thinking about the fiat world, you generally want to deal with both of those things in the same place. And that naturally, the longer that you're in Bitcoin, or if you started to pay attention four years ago, then  whole Bitcoin as individuals have started using our application to actually facilitate custody of their own Bitcoin. The second piece of that that I think is key that someone like Michael Saylor keyed in on that more and more businesses are touching on is the $3 trillion at the Fed print and that I think that a lot of businesses knew that things didn't make sense. But when you it's like the Band-Aid ripping off and you print $3 trillion, people can no longer ignore that fact.  have the exact same problem that they have as an individual. Yeah. And so maybe talk a little bit, either one of you could take this just in terms of this almost like micro type situation where, okay, I decide, yes, as an individual Bitcoin is for me. Now I realize my business has the exact same problem. I've got to convert the reserve asset as Bitcoin. What are the challenges that I have as a business that maybe I don't have as a, as an individual? Like what are the different things that I'm thinking about from a business perspective? I'll take the first part of this is that  available to me in the Bitcoin world. So even if you've taken that leap and you've decided like, okay, our company has a reason to, whether it's hold in treasury or use for payments or vendors or whatever it is, do we have the sort of software layer to facilitate all the different use cases that we have? And usually what that means is that even in the fiat world, you don't want to have single points of failure in your business to say someone can just run off  And that native multi-sig though can only take you so far because it doesn't know about people and your role in the company. It just knows that people that show up with certain information and that information combined allows people to spend from an address to somewhere else. So what you are looking for as a business is something that sort of takes that native multi-sig, right? Something that Bitcoin has and you can really trust and it's been vetted and verified by experts around the world and has never sort of  unique to Bitcoin and it's more of let's educate the business owner or the individual on this new world rather than we have to make it look identical so that that's the only way they'll be comfortable. Yeah, so I think that's a really good I think that's what's happening right now is a to a large degree or to you know, in many ways a push and pull right between the old world and in the new world and I think that you know, at least the way  means and that there's a different degree of finality to it that and that there's a different way that you can store it that naturally that that would be different but Realistically because we also live in a world of reality is that companies? Have you know for regulatory purposes for compliance purposes for audit purposes? especially the larger that you go up in the chain and the more constituents that there are that are part of a company that that old world begins to  able to replicate certain parts of that such that financial controls can exist the same way that they do in the current world. So compliance can exist the same way such that it can be audited and likely to a greater degree in Bitcoin because you can actually prove that you have Bitcoin or that you have keys to it. You really can't prove if you're in the squares of the world or the Google's of the world that those dollars actually exist. You're only relying on the trust of somebody else. And so what we do is we try to look at the equation and say,  and companies are comfortable with, but not casting away the properties that really deliver the ultimate degree of security in Bitcoin, which is private keys.  all of the properties it has. As you think about Bitcoin as this unique asset and building that hybrid model, so it's close enough to what they're used to so that they're comfortable, but it also still protects and empowers all the properties of Bitcoin. Where does the adoption come from at the business level? Is this the smallest companies in the private market, small businesses owners that are looking at this problem? Is this more maybe mid-market type companies that have larger balance sheets and so it's more top of mind for them than maybe a small business that doesn't have that large balance  of it. Currently, Bitcoin has a total value of roughly $200 billion. And that's less than the cash that Apple, Microsoft, and Google hold combined. So when you think about it's meaningful to a company like Microsoft, it has a $1.3 billion market cap, but a company like Apple that has $90 billion of cash, a Microsoft that's got above $100 billion of cash in short-term investments or the Googles of the world, that when they're thinking about  To be nimble and to move quickly, you know in the case of micro strategy you had you know, I don't want to say it's just one guy but you had a CEO that formed a view and that then he You know had his board and other executives within the company, you know have go go down that rabbit hole and become convinced the larger the companies you have and the more that those you know, kind of our institutions that the more people that have to Contribute and get on board and become comfortable. And so I think for a company  a similar type app where people can buy Bitcoin, that those companies, even the large cap companies that are touching Bitcoin, they are going to start to hold Bitcoin on balance sheet, facilitate their business, whether they're meaningfully moving treasury assets over, I think it's probably something that will follow that. Yeah, that makes a ton of sense. One of the problems that I hear from business owners or one of the obstacles they see is they say, hey, I want to have access to a liquid currency. Bitcoin solves that. That's great.  So the overall is there's different reasons that the business might want to have Bitcoin, like the treasury asset that Michael Saylor is talking about. You have to really be bought in and understand the volatility and have a very long time horizon in mind in order to make that jump. However, if a business has customers that are, there's lots of businesses that have to hold Bitcoin on behalf of their customers in the financial services world and just the on-ramp off-ramp world.  You're forced to have Bitcoin on your balance sheet to meet those obligations. That's one of those things that's just going to creep up on people. The Bitcoin volatility as it's smoothing out is as we have more havenings that that's exactly what will sort of cause that type of adoption. So one other thing I would add there, too, from a macro standpoint, it's kind of like merging, like always thinking about or at least the way that I like to contextualize  Generating cash I'm figuring out how to preserve the value that I've already created today but doing that in a world where I'm protected in all weathers and that's the same that same way that individuals think about it and I think me personally that what I convert over to Bitcoin I'm doing in a way where I'm never planning to convert those back to dollars I'm kind of managing my own personal balance sheet in a way where I'm always going to have the number of dollars that I need and increasingly shifting my you know kind of internal treasury over to Bitcoin and that  Cash and 60 billion of short-term marketable securities what those are typically treasuries or investment grade credit, right? So investment grade credit dropped 25% in In March along with high yield so and then if you look at if you look at Microsoft's it's similar like they're actually pulling a smaller amount of cash and they're dealing with the same problem that the Michael sailors of the world are dealing with and they're they're not just holding casts are moving it into investments whether it be in t-bills or treasuries or or other corporate bet and so  yen that naturally the way that you think about managing that treasury for your business is the same way that all individuals today in Bitcoin have to deal with it. Yeah, what's really interesting is kind of you know that you're going to guarantee loss over the long term when it comes to dollars, right? Like your purchasing power is going to significantly decrease with Bitcoin. It has only increased over long periods of time. And I think that you guys like I believe that that's a trend that is only getting started. And so it really does come down to  talk a little bit about how you guys interface with the legacy system. So another thing that people will kind of talk about that I hear a lot is like, hey, it's really hard to buy a lot of Bitcoin. So you described kind of an OTC desk, some of the other things that you guys may be doing, but just how do you see if a business does have a large balance sheet or throws off a lot of cash, they're not likely wanting to buy $10,000 worth of Bitcoin. They're not going to go and kind of let a market order rip on Coinbase either. And so kind of how do you guys think about serving those types of needs?  And  be able to sign a transaction or be able to sign a transaction but not actually be able to broadcast that transaction. Those types of controls are not something that's native to Bitcoin's protocol. So we can provide the interface that allows you to set up those types of controls for your business and then take advantage of Bitcoin's native multi-sig with the two or three quorum, maybe other quorums in the future, to split up those private keys. But always what we would suggest to companies is to take advantage of  as a company at Unchained, we recognize that there's going to be a range of solutions and that there's no one size fits all. But that in the current legacy world, we effectively live where both as individuals and as companies, by default, we must take the counterparty risk of another institution. So if we want to send dollars over the internet or digitally to the Fed, ultimately we're relying on a bank to do that.  when we're interfacing with businesses is helping, you know, kind of from a white glove standpoint, but really, you know, sometimes from just a consulting standpoint, even though we don't separately charge for it, helping them because we deal with all these problems ourselves of how we manage private keys internally. Now there's certain things that we can't disclose for security reasons, but what we provide those businesses with resources to help them get over that hurdle of, okay, if I want to store these keys, how do I do it? What are the best practices? And then, and then we have our software application that,  of people, which is a problem if they're dealing with Bitcoin keys that was not solved. And today I wouldn't say it is solved, but we're taking great strides to the release that we just had last week and we'll continue to improve it. But then naturally those businesses are going to be buying and selling things in Bitcoin. So whether it's be helping Bitcoin companies that are holding their own keys run BTC pay servers or helping them facilitate payment of payroll, we're just thinking of that world that individuals run businesses, businesses have individuals,  How close are we to people paying their employees in Bitcoin? Like, is that something that seems, you know, short term or is that something that we got still work to do? Hey, Expensify had at least used to have an option to get paid back in Bitcoin for whatever expenses you were reporting. So, you know, enough people are doing it already, right? But no, I mean, I think it's just a good to be a demand side. Enough individuals, you know, negotiating  that they want to hold Bitcoin, transact in Bitcoin for a myriad of reasons and that those companies themselves who are already in the financial world are going to sort of lead that demand and the individuals that are part of those companies will lead that demand. Got it. And so as you guys think about what's going on in Wyoming, talk a little bit about that. Well, I know you've got a whole bunch of information there, but share what you can in terms of just like what's going on and kind of  this is a bigger deal than, even though people made a big deal of it on Twitter, there are dozens of applications that are still waiting to go through. We're going to see them trickle out here. And this is a really big first step. And I think that where a lot of the problems have been just getting in a free market to compete with currencies, we want Bitcoin to compete on a free market level, we need jurisdictional certainty.  Also, those connections to the fiat world that allow these Bitcoin businesses to grow and not have to go through all the hurdles that every single exchange, every single financial services company, every single payment processors had to jump through. Being a bank in the United States is a really big deal. It also really helps on the custody side where there's kind of this gray area of digital asset and Bitcoin custody. There's a lot that's been going on in South Dakota, but we know that these are  sort of backing the same way Delaware did with LLC. Little known fact, Wyoming actually invented LLCs and then got kind of outflanked by Delaware because they set up the courts and they got all the sort of precedent and sort of certainty that businesses needed in order to incorporate there. Wyoming really has that going for them with the SPDI. It's really the killer app of corporate formation and why you would want to do business there. It's really cool what they're doing. Like I think that's been like big takeaway  Will was on it last year, but that you know, it was three four years in the making right and they they did they put in all the legwork and it really laid the foundation for One of the largest crypto exchanges to become a bank and to do that in Wyoming and so it's just Testament a lot of those the work that those people put in but now you're seeing like just probably equally as big around the same time as the OCC news basically saying hey, you know if you're a nationally chartered bank It's okay to custody Bitcoin and giving that great  probably every, not every bank, but most banks will figure out that they need to have a Bitcoin strategy and increasingly large companies will be thinking the same thing.  of jurisdictional certainty of the core Bitcoin protocol and software solutions like Unchained put together, that's what drives businesses to say, we have what we need to make the leap.  view or a view that believes that business adoption is going to start happening a lot quicker. When we literally were sitting around the table making the decision around these investments in early 2020, late 2019, recognizing that there was going to be this wave and that realistically, as it is with everything in Bitcoin, the infrastructure has to be built in place in order for the wave to really happen.  infrastructure is the pace of infrastructure being built and not just at Unchained but at the end of all the incredible things that are being built on top of Bitcoin by any number of people and just how quickly Knowledge distributes and that that is naturally increasing by multiples if not exponents. So, you know In my view of the world practically every business is holding Bitcoin In the next 10 years because they're going to be using it more on a day-to-day basis  you know, in 10 years, everyone's going to be doing what Wyoming's doing. Like they are going to be copied. And when you have those two things put together, you know, Bitcoin or those three things, Bitcoin at the core protocol layer, increasingly getting more secure, more hash rate, more feature filled, that you have more infrastructure being built on the sort of enterprise and business account layer. And you have these 50 states out competing each other constantly that in the next 10 years, I think  centers as to why they should take a look at using Bitcoin as the reserve asset for the balance sheet. I think it's the best way to preserve wealth. I think that's the solution that or conclusion that that a micro strategy came to snap as another business. We have many businesses that are private that we wouldn't disclose the names of that are already doing that as well. The short answer is yes, Bitcoin is volatile. But the fundamentals of Bitcoin  equate to a store of value and looking at the purchasing power of the dollar and knowing that it declines two, three percent every year and knowing that the Fed has printed three trillion dollars, but they're also going to have to print trillions more in order to sustain the credit system. And if you're a business that has cash on its balance sheet and that is generating quite a bit of cash to add on to that, that if you're not considering Bitcoin to be stored on your balance sheet and to be a treasury asset, you really should be thinking about it at the very least. And there's a lot of resources out there to go down the road.  I'm at Parker a Lewis on Twitter. So at Parker a Lewis Yeah, you can find us through unchanged our websites Unchained ach capital comm and like well said if you're a business or actually an individual You know, we want to be there to help you with all your personal business needs And if you're thinking about Bitcoin, we have resources. There's a lot out there. I write a series It's on our blog called gradually and then suddenly you can learn about Bitcoin there But if you if you have specific needs related to the current financial services how to custody Bitcoin  get you up the learning curve, help you understand the risks and how you can mitigate those with their products and a little bit of education. So thanks so much guys. I'll do it again in the future. Thanks, Pom. I really appreciate you having us on, Pom.