 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got David here with me. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Yeah. Thanks for having me on. Absolutely. Let's jump right into your background. Uh, this is not your first rodeo. So, uh, maybe talk to us just a little bit about where you grew up and what you did before you got to crack it. Yeah. So my background is, uh, you know, like a lot of people in this space, uh, kind of a cross section of a bunch of, uh, disciplines and experiences that kind of, I'll say,  Quickly after I went into law, I started practicing IP and then, like I said, corporate securities, working with private equity and hedge funds. We actually invested in alternative investments and strange ones, things like a diamond fund, things like an actual IP and licensing fund. I got really interested in these kind of esoteric assets and the markets are trying to be developed around them, which led me to leave law and try to be on the fintech and financial services side, which I've done for the last 15 years.  Now operates today as NASDAQ private market and that was right around the time for to this leave that Barry Silbert and I and others there were getting into Bitcoin and so the transition to DCG started to take place and Barry had a series of a personal angel and VC investments that got brought over to form what is now DCG the fixed income auction rate trading guys became what is now Genesis and then I set up and ran grayscale investments in the Bitcoin investment trust which obviously has been a runaway success for  After the LDI also served as a co-portfolio manager of an internal prop fund with Matt Walsh and Nick Carter, the guys at Castle Island. And so spent some good time there. And then actually the last two years before joining Kraken was at Circle, another company in the space, helping them kind of restructure and overhaul their business to kind of streamline it and build it around USDC, their stable coin and all their API services around it. But once that project was complete fortuitously again, I've known Jesse and the folks at Kraken and it's been one of the companies I've admired  of the actual receiving of the charter that we'll talk about, you know, I'll be just dedicated to the actual bank that we're running. And I'm the CEO of what we're tentatively calling Kraken Financial. Still some internal debate about it, but that's the working title for the bank. What can you say what the other names potentially could be? Kraken Bank, love to have a voter poll. Between Kraken Financial and Kraken Bank, that's not very many options. Yeah. Well, hey, look, you don't want to overwhelm them with choice. I mean, you could have a write-in ballot if you want.  We received our charter to become a special purpose depository institution or SPDI, which is the very specific type of bank that we're becoming. And it's a very attractive framework for a lot of different reasons that we'll go into, but there's no shortage of work. It's a culmination of a lot of efforts and in another way, a commencement of a lot more effort. But the Kraken team for well over a year has been working with stakeholders across Wyoming at the legislature, the governor's office, the relevant agency at the Wyoming Division of Banking.  present from the banking board and then they deliberated and ultimately decided to give us the charter. And as I said, in some ways, this is a commencement because we still have to now approach the Fed, get our Fedmaster account or other domestic correspondent banking relationships, get all operationalize everything ahead of launch, which we're looking at Q1 of next year for. So it's been a process, but it'll be exciting. Got it. I saw the application binder. I think it was Marco Santori  to take a look at the statutory factors for granting charters to banks and trusts. And there's a series of them, you know, hey, is this good? Is this bank have a reasonable likelihood of success? Does the management and board have the sufficient experience to do what they say they're going to do? Is this going to benefit the local citizens? Can we ensure the safety and soundness of the organization and customer protection, things like that? And so all of the materials that they want to take a look at  that's how you know, we're qualified as that number of pages, kind of like a real life group to work. I love that. So let's talk about these SPDIs. What exactly is that? What does that mean? What can you do? What can you not do? And just kind of give us a summary of for the non-banking experts, like what this actually means. Yeah, as I said, we're a bank, but it's a very specific type of bank. Probably the closest analogous institution is like a custody bank or a depository institution of another  to some of the insolvency risks of a traditional customer facing and loan making bank. So that's an important feature here. And the benefit of that is a trade-off, right? We can't do that. And we can't make money on that, which is how a lot of banks make money. But on the other hand, that allows us to avoid duplicative oversight from the FDIC and certain restrictions around the bank holding company. And so it's a real trade-off there because the type of risks that the FDIC and these things are meant to guard against are that type of insolvency risk that stem from the activities  That doesn't exist anywhere else in the country. So even though you see others pursuing different types of Charters or your trust or bank charters, they don't know they don't have a codified exactly how the examination process or oversight will work So for those reasons, it was a very attractive framework and a right-sized and reasonable one Kraken, you know, this isn't regulation just a regulation sake This is regulation that allows for this new type of business to run while still mitigating the risk  in terms of everything from storage, relationship, security, et cetera, and really trying to solve that problem. Is that fair? Yeah, yeah. I think you've hit a lot of the nails on the head there. I mean, Kraken's mission has always been to promote the adoption of digital assets to enable more individual financial freedom across the world. Kraken Financial is a key tool in doing that because it allows us to seamlessly integrate the existing financial system with digital assets. And you're correct that the framework that I talked about spells out very specific  trying to get 50 MTLs of money transmission licenses, which, by the way, wouldn't give us direct access to banking infrastructure in the federal payment system anyways. Got it. What can you not do? It sounds like you got to have 100% reserves, but what else can you not do as part of this charter? That's the big one. The big one is that we're not taking customer deposits and then lending them out on the back end in a loan portfolio that the customer has no way of knowing what's in there or assess its risk.  They've put provisions in there to curtail that. Got it. And then from a serving the customer standpoint, is this available to anyone in the world, anywhere in the United States, just in Wyoming? How do you think about an addressable market from a customer-based standpoint? Yeah. I mean, so to start, we're going to be focused on US customers, specifically existing Kraken customers. Kraken is pursuing this to cover three objectives. One is the regulatory one I discussed.  The second phase will be that this bank will take over the actual customer-facing operations and be that kind of portal for all U.S. customers that Kraken serves in the U.S. From there, two things will happen. One, we'll look to whether we could expand internationally. We do expect to be able to do that. TBD, whether that means we'll serve customers directly internationally or simply serve other affiliated Kraken entities who will pass that on to their customers. And then the second problem of that third phase is that we'll be able to start launching new products.  Got it. As you think through this, will this require every crypto company to become a bank? Is that where we're headed with these OCC-type clarifications and things like that? How do you view the other large, incumbent crypto companies and what the impact on them could be from this? Yeah, definitely. If you're dealing with crypto, the more crypto becomes financial services and money,  regimes for securities and broker dealers under SEC and FINRA, commodities derivatives under CFTC. Banking is the granddaddy of them all to steal like a Rose Bowl term. It is the bottom of the financial services staff and is the thing that everything relies on in many ways. And so it gives you the broadest access, the broadest coverage, and allows you to do a lot more than you could otherwise do. Now, along with that comes with great responsibility to be a good steward of the federal payment system and all of that. So only at first, I would imagine the largest  I think those things could have been done already. It's always been my understanding that that was legally permissible But it means something to have it written down Especially if you're a big incumbent institution and have executives have risk on their mind. This helps with that Now they they still have a long way to go in terms of developing an actual supervisory program and manual Harmonizing with the commercial code these factors that Wyoming already has in place So they're a little bit behind there, but I think all these agencies are going to kind of develop something analogous So again, I'm not an ex-president  How does that work if you know, basically somebody comes in over the top of Wyoming basically with different regulation? Yeah, no, it's like so many things in crypto crypto like kind of forces the issue on these types of like weird things you wouldn't think have to do like this is like constitutional law state versus federal stuff It's pretty interesting to see and even outside of crypto you're seeing this in the FinTech world and traditional financial services And you're seeing the convergence of all three of these worlds digital assets FinTech traditional financial services and the regulators are following suit  There's federal preemption and so that issue is much more settled So that would be the one benefit if that does happen and you're right to say that there's a post a threatening opportunity I view it as an opportunity because it's a pen competitive landscape which forces state by state and Versus federal to kind of up their game and so I would expect and you're seeing the SEC kind of lean this way federal regulators to do the same now whether It should be governed by the state or the federal government is certainly beyond my pay grade  the case that they could do this. But as I said, it really does matter from a risk framework. When you're a big and competent institution, you're saying, well, our existing business is this big. This crypto market currently is this big, right? And the risk is X, Y, and Z. This helps at least on the risk side. And so it does help there from an institutional level, but also a personal and individual level. There are real people in the boardrooms and the executive levels making this decision. Whoever has to make the decision wants  guidance come out. It absolutely helps and kind of helps get away with the IBG, YBG problem. I'll be gone, you'll be gone problem. A lot of executives sit here and say, crypto is not going to be a thing for five, 10 years. We're all older. We're going to be retired by then. I don't care. Right? And so it's really risk averse. This at least helps mitigate that. Got it. And in terms of the fidelities of the world, it seems like there are a number of institutions that are kind of crypto friendly or crypto forward thinking.  They want more regulation because it stops smaller competitors in some ways, right? That may be the case. I will say though What has happened here again is a more streamlined right-sized, you know reasonable regulation And so it is meant to allow folks who are the size of a crack in or potentially even smaller to kind of participate in this in this banking Style game if you had a full-fledged bank that would require even more assets. So if anything given where we are today this  And because it's in Wyoming, you have to build the company in Wyoming. Talk a little bit just about internally how you guys have thought about, you know, subsidiary, standalone company, what the relationship between the crack in financial or crack in bank is to kind of legacy crack in. And then from a team perspective, you've got a bunch of pictures sitting on the wall behind you. So I'm assuming you're either coming or going and kind of explain that a little bit. Yeah, no, I'm sitting here in Wyoming now loving it.  Bankrolled so to speak and supported by Kraken and share similar visions and missions and objectives. We are in many ways an independent company That said, you know, one of the things that comes along with that is this kind of like Wyoming Footprint that we expect to have as I said, I really recently relocated from New York City. We've been living there for 15 years Though, you know, I've been all over the country so pretty versatile luckily, but I'm seeing that path from New York to Wyoming happened more and more  And it's part of like the corridor north of Denver, which obviously is a growing and budding taxing in and of itself So we'll build an office here expect to have 10 to 25 heads in the first year We expect to kind of build a lot of operations here support the local ecosystem Which is obviously a lot of the motivation and impetus for Wyoming in creating. This is a jobs economy a diversification play and so we already are and have been sponsoring hackathons conferences supporting the local talent pipeline out of Wyoming  So if anyone's listening to this and wants to DM me on Twitter, they don't have to, and they can simply go and find out where they can get a job with you guys. Yeah, no, I appreciate that. We're always looking for good folks. So looking to fill out the C-suite with a CCO, Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer. And then from there, move down into the other managerial roles of the operational operations, finance and compliance departments, and then on to more junior kind of like staff level roles. So definitely going to be hiring a ton here and  to kind of getting here. What has that surprise been? Yeah. I mean, maybe it's full circle. I was born in El Paso, which is just down I 25. I mean, number of hours, but kind of maybe I'm returning home once once you drink from the Rio Grande, you always come back, they say. So it's kind of like a homecoming here out West. Yeah. No. So a number of things. Right. I look back at my career and be like, oh, it all ties together neatly. Obviously, like make things up in your head. We're all sense making machines as humans. But but realistically, when I look at this, I think you're  Eric or Saint Fran, right? But in any event, a couple things have surprised me in this process. One, the Wyoming folks have been incredibly savvy. They've done their homework much more so than any other regulator or agency that I've ever encountered in my life. They've kind of fought this from the ground up. They've done the work to get smart on digital assets. They've done the work to harmonize this with their peers in other states and at the federal levels. And they're really looking to build something here with the support of the legislature and the governor's office.  would spin up and it's like, what are you talking about? And in some ways, that's still the same when you're talking about banking relationships in the digital asset industry. But the amount of partners who want to be our correspondent banking partner, who want to build on top of what we're building and the names has been really accelerated from where I thought it would be. That's awesome. Before I get into the rapid fire questions to wrap this up, I got one question. Jesse's been on once or twice, I can't remember. What's the best and worst thing about working with Jesse?  path of least resistance or whatever. But if it doesn't align with our mission, our values, and in fact, at the end, what we believe to be in the best interest of the customer, he fights for that quite a bit. He also obviously thinks out of the box and carefully considers things from a very different perspective for sure. Obviously, I think, I don't forget who said this, but if you work for a company whose CEO isn't at least a little bit intense, like move to a different company, you know what I mean? And so Jesse has a great engine on him. He's always thinking, he's always trying to  And kind of push the pace of growth then have to go deal with regulators politicians banks like the the the clashing of styles there has to be an absolute thing to see yeah, yeah, I mean like he's he has his own style but people appreciate Authenticity which he certainly is and people appreciate, you know straight shooters and new ways of thought You know, it's it's shocking and it's great to see him, you know, you see him on twitter. He has opinions  It from a very specific perspective the perspective that he brought on it was very different very humanizing very individual in nature and I think it kind of Under applies a lot of what I see today and like, you know in the media, you know or elsewhere where you know a lot of different perspectives Truth is a very elusive and hard thing and I think it's been instructive Love that answer second one's more fun aliens believer or non-believer. Oh, you know what? I love a good like I'm specific about  It was all within a span of four or five years, but then we never went back. No one else has. Are you telling me that Russia or China wouldn't be like, we can do that? It seems odd to me. I don't know. Just saying. What are the probabilities? Do you think it's more probable that we didn't go to the moon or more probable that aliens exist? Oh, man. Let's see. All my guys who are actual like Bayesian, like risk guys and stuff will hammer me on this for sure.  of traditional financial services and regulatory stuff. What are you most excited about here? Well, I'm cheating because I just revealed everything yesterday. One of my partners and I, Jason, we've been buying a bunch of digital art. Basically, the thought process is if you take gold and Bitcoin and you put them next to each other, Bitcoin superior in every way. Then if you take traditional art and digital art, you put them next to each other, digital art is superior in every way.  and then we're going to auction something off and we've done all this marketing and it's like, wait, what? Now there's just the internet, right? You just put things up and anyone with an internet connection can have access to it. So I think that that's probably one big area. And then the second area that I find absolutely fascinating is this idea of complete decentralization of an organization. So the DAO was kind of like an attempt  there, but it is amazing. Think of Coase theorem as transaction costs get lower, firms dissolve into the world. It'll be really fascinating for sure. I don't want to say what company it is, but I saw one company that they basically had taken their cap table and they had put it on the Bitcoin network. They basically were tokenizing it on the Bitcoin network. I don't understand all the technical details, but I was talking about making a potential investment. They started talking. I was like, wait, what? There's no organization  capitalist, you don't care about what is stupid and what's not. You just care about how to make profits. And when you look at it through that lens, like, okay, that's something that I think Wall Street will get very excited about. Right? I love him and Dan at CMS. Do you want to be right or do you want to make money? Which is it? That's exactly right. All right, David, where can people find you on the internet and find out more about Kraken Financial? Yeah. So go to kraken.com. I mean, if you're an existing customer, expect to hear more from us soon. If you're not