 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have Fred here with me. They have an incredible story as to how they got the Bitcoin fund approved on the Canadian exchanges. But we're going to get to that in a minute. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Hey, Pompa, nice to be here. Absolutely. Let's jump right into your background. Tell us a little bit about yourself. Where did you grow up and what did you do before you fell down the Bitcoin and crypto rabbit hole?  company at the time called Guardian Trust Company, which was a big gold trader in the late 70s and 80s and had been around forever. I was in economics and business and gold trading and forex trading. By the time I was 23, he made me a manager of the international forex and precious metal trading operations at this company called Guardian Trust. Here I am 23 grain and whatever he wanted, I got to do. Howard was always thinking  I said, sure, let's do this. And so we applied to list gold, silver, and platinum on the Montreal Stock Exchange to the Montreal Connect Securities Commission at the time. And their first response was, hang on a second. It's volatile. It's non-traditional custodians. And it's used for criminal purposes. Why would we ever list this on the Montreal Stock Exchange? So fast forward 40 years later, here I am going, I'm going to list Bitcoin on the Toronto  Following that, my real claim to fame was I was joined a group of amazing guys. Fidelity investments had come to Canada, and after spending three years and millions, tens of millions of dollars, they were about to close the operation. It was after the 87 crash. They said, we're dead here. We're going to close it. And a great guy by name of John Simpson had me and a guy named Joe Kevin. And we took the company from 80 million to seven and a half billion in the next four years. So by the time I was like 31 years old,  And then, now this is where I'm gonna blow your mind. I left Fidelity, I went to do a re-engineering of a brokerage firm to try and get people to invest in what was called the information superhighway. Because the information superhighway had just been invented and I would take out, I'd rent out IMAX theaters. I'd stand on stage in this IMAX theater and we would take a dial-up phone and put it on a,  And then I left there because I thought I had come up with the best investment idea in the history of the world. And the reason was, is I had gone through a divorce and I had a beautiful daughter who had like eight sets of grandparents now that I've been remarried. And I had my new son. And the problem was, is for holidays and birthdays and everything, she'd get $100 or $200 or $300. And I said, geez, imagine if there was one company in the world that whenever  business plans to the entire board of directors of Disney and their strategic planning committee. I got half of them back saying, we don't, Disney doesn't entertain non-solicit business opportunities. So yeah, well fine. So I decided I could try and get a meeting with Michael Eisner and everybody who says they know him can get him, you know, can't do it. So I called Michael Eisner every morning for about three months and got to speak to, got to know all his assistants and secretaries and everybody, which now is politically incorrect.  So we went to Kinko's printed up more business plans put him in every Mercedes Benz or better in the parking lot anyways finally got the call and said Yeah, it's not gonna happen. So I made a nice Jaguar convertible and drove with my wife and my kid up to Napa Valley So here we are in Napa Valley and doing a little bit of a vacation and I'm reading old Disney Annual reports and I find out that Michael Eisner has a cottage about two mountain ranges from me  So I was running a multi-asset momentum portfolio invented by Jean-Luc Landry and Max Lemieux who are partners of mine. And I was down at the ETF conference in Florida in 2014-15. And I met up with Chris Berniski, who I'm sure you know very well, and Kathy Wood from Arc. And they had just launched Arc and I'm running this multi-asset momentum and going, geez,  And if you read our original prospectus, it's very similar to Chris's book, Crypto Assets. Him and Jack Tater wrote a great book called Crypto Assets, Bitcoin and Beyond. And a lot of that was the base of the original Bitcoin prospectus. But my real life Bitcoin stories, my son had got a scholarship and went off to Andover outside of Boston, a prep school, and he's allowing me to do that.  I counted Coinbase and I'm gonna send you one Bitcoin, which was 200 at the time. So I send him one Bitcoin the next month and it goes bing and he goes, wow, that was fast, that's cool. He kept the Bitcoin. So next month I send him 0.9 Bitcoin. So he goes, dad, you were supposed to send me one Bitcoin. I said, no, Bitcoin went up. So I only send you 0.9, which is the $200. He goes, no dad, that's not how it works. I go, yes son, that's exactly how it works. So he comes back from school.  companies, reverse takeovers of different types of funds. And we just said, you know what, let's visit with the OSC and say we want to go on the front door. So we had a head of the investment funds branch at the Ontario Securities Commission, this guy by the name of John Mountain, we had known for years, bright visionary, kind of really cool guy. He goes, we said, do you want to be the first regulator to approve a Bitcoin fund and list it on a major exchange in the world? It goes, absolutely. Let's go.  And we said, well, how come? They said, well, we don't know if Bitcoin's a currency, a security, or a commodity. And I said, well, that's pretty irrelevant because I'm licensed to manage currencies, securities, and commodities. I don't care what you call it. We have legally constituted this fund. They said, well, you have, but we're regulating you. And we want to put terms and conditions to make you as a portfolio manager have the expertise and right to manage a digital asset.  kind of we believe, you know, in mid 2018, and all of a sudden John Mountain, who's about to sign off and approve it, he gets a radical prostate cancer, sorry, radical cancer. And he dies within like three months of us being approved, or three weeks within us being approved, which was pancreatic cancer, sorry. And that was absolutely horrible.  In Canada, they said, look, it took them six months and they said, we're rejecting it because we have questions about custody, about auditability, about pricing, about market manipulation. Finally, they always have this magic card called, it's not in the public interest to launch a Bitcoin fund. Well, in Canada, most of you know that we had a couple of disasters with Quadriga CX, an exchange where the guy died in India.  in October. So we did that in the summer of 2019. In October, on Halloween Day, we got the results and said we had won on all accounts and we have the right to launch the first Bitcoin fund in the world, which was amazing. We're now like four and a half years and five and a half million dollars into this. And the judge's landmark decision was not a simple decision. It was a very complex decision. It said the application that  The biggest one was custody. This is when the early custody companies were coming out and they had gone with the Bit license now. There are really three people where I'd hold $100 million or $1 billion of Bitcoin right now. It's either Coinbase, Fidelity, or BitGo. We selected Gemini. There's another one of the greatest books ever written, Bitcoin Billionaires.  at one point in time, and Jonathan and everybody else. They created something called Catalaxi, which was designed to audit blockchain transactions, specifically Bitcoin transactions and Bitcoin wallets. When we went to the, we already were running a multi-cryptoasset fund, and it had already been audited by Grant Thornton. They said, yeah, they stood up in front of the OSC, says, you can't get it audited. Grant Thornton sitting there saying, well, we've audited one and  with us with Sean Cumbie, our CIO, created the MVIS institutional Bitcoin index. So we ended up selecting the indexes and washing it of all the noise that shows up in a Bitcoin index. And we believe it's the cleanest Bitcoin index around. So we proved to them that, yes, you could price it properly and it wasn't subject to manipulation. Market manipulation was really kind of funny. And I'll just tell you this one  you're the Ontario Superior Commission, you have access to all the data in the world." And he goes, he says, okay, he says, no, I didn't do that. And he goes, okay, well, your next one is Betty B. What's Betty B's last name? What does Betty B know about market manipulation? So our lawyer proceeded to understand the whole crowd is sitting there just going, they're listening to this and going, you know, holy smokes. So market manipulation really had nothing to do with us. We're all very,  a uranium, you know, enriched uranium fund, coal storage in North Korea. They may say it's not in the public interest to do so. So the judge literally said, even though that not in the public interest carries an awful lot of weight and an awful lot of opportunity, it's not endless. And he says it's not, it can't be used all the time or any time.  We're early because when they embrace it, we're already there. You get that. You understand that. We're still early. We're about to syndicate the beginning of March. We go, what could possibly go wrong? Apparently, there's a global pandemic that we haven't checked the box on. We had a free market book of $100 million. It went to zero because every investment advisor in this country was more concerned with protection of wealth of their clients  be able to do what are called at-the-market offerings. You can subscribe to the fund every single day, 4pm, get units of the fund, and you can redeem them once a month. It's virtually an ETF with monthly redemptions and daily subscriptions. We're pretty excited about what we're doing in Canada with that. Talk to me about, right now, the types of people. You mentioned the capital that you guys have gotten into the fund. Where is that coming from? Is that  is we have a regulated manager running a regulated fund on a major regulated exchange. So now every mutual fund in the world should be coming to Canada and buying into a part of our Bitcoin fund to have that 1% in their global tech fund. So there are three really, you can probably guess who they are in Canada, tech funds that are global go anywhere asset management funds that understand  an ether fund that is coming down the pipe. Talk a little bit about that. Yeah. First of all, we have filed a preliminary prospectus for the ether fund. So therefore when you're in a prospectus offering, you're not allowed to promote or talk about it. So the best I can say is, you know, you know, it is filed. It is public record that has been filed. We're in the question period of it. We hope that this closes in the next month or so. And any details  Yeah. So first of all, the answer is, ETFs will come in and prevail. And yes, we could convert this into an ETF. But we're a virtual ETF today anyways. You can subscribe at the end of the day at any plus a little bit or at the market offerings. They're called ATM offerings. Not a lot of people understand what an ATM offering is at the market offering, but Tesla just did a $5 billion ATM offering in the United States.  by the way of ETFs. My chairman Howard Atkinson literally wrote the book on ETFs. He was well before Horizons and BlackRock and everybody else. Howard has literally written version one, two, and three of what is an ETF. We're a virtual ETF right now and people will have to figure that out and understand it. Having said that, my vision is very different because of the judge's ruling that we have.  So we're looking at the friendly jurisdictions, but then we pass forward to London, Hong Kong, and the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ. So we have every intention. There are a lot of restrictions. We can't go into the US until we are a certain size, a certain track record and everything else, but we'll have the size, we'll have the track record, we'll have everything else. So I wouldn't be surprised to see through IQ applying for an M1.  see the asset today, where do you think we're going over the next 18, 24 months? Yeah. When I was a floor trader in Montreal, I remember seeing the price of something going up. One of the old-time traders said, more buyers than sellers. As long as Bitcoin has more buyers than sellers, I'm an honor to be sitting in economics and an MBA. If supplies like this and demands like this, the price is the only outlet.  of people miss out on the simplicity of the beauty of the technology of what we have here. You buy Bitcoin for one of three reasons because it's the most powerful, secure computer network in the world and you want to own it, which I do, or you think it's a store of wealth. Now, the store of wealth, a lot of people have a lot of funny questions about the store of wealth. When I wrote that article on gold, silver, and platinum listed on the Montreal Stock Exchange, I mentioned in that article that I thought that platinum would overtake gold  Platinum. By the time we've got $5 trillion of Bitcoin in central banks of the world, and somebody says, well, I believe in blockchain, but I don't like Bitcoin. I'm going, you have no idea what you're talking about. And when you talk about store of wealth, I have $4,000 t-shirts and $2,000 tubes. I bought dinner for people in Venice for 10 Bitcoin. Well, no, I wouldn't do that anymore. I won't spend any Bitcoin. So when people  instantaneous settlement, bing, bang, zoom, for Japanese yen, for euros, for British pounds. Until they start doing that and going, holy crap, I don't want to own any of these fiat currencies. And now you're selling your US dollars and buying Bitcoin, or you're selling your Canadian dollars and buying Bitcoin, or your yen and buying Bitcoin, until we can, as a whole group, get forex traders to understand that stablecoins will be used as a means of currency.  at some point in time, because I love the new fund that you just created. But kind of the stable core, we sat down with a bank, a famous bank and a famous asset manager, and we did a $4 million bond trade that settled in T plus three, T plus three seconds at a cost of two tenths of a cent. So if anybody who denies that all security is trading, all bond trading, and everything is going blockchain-based, and Bitcoin is not the US dollar standard of the blockchain,  went from being a little pager system into an email system in 1994, really. So it took 12 years for people to adopt email, for them to adopt digital currencies and everything else is gonna maybe take another, you know, another while. So we are so early in this growth pattern and same with voiceover internet protocol. When that was invented, you know, we didn't start using Zoom and Skype and everything for another 14, 15 years, never 20 years. So people's time horizons are  was concerned, not because I didn't like it, but Bitcoin's price has followed its growth pattern, its adoption rate. There's no brain surgery here. Stock to flow, anything Safedeen talks about, all of this, the more power it gets, the more people want it, the more people want it, the more powerful it gets, the more secure it gets. It goes round and round. These are all brilliant people, and these hedge fund guys are amazing. I watched your podcast, the guy from  about fiat and currencies. The guy is brilliant. He knows everything about trading, about money, about governments, about bond trading. He knows all the weaknesses. You should follow him at Greg Toss. He's absolutely amazing and point on. But again, he's a maximalist and you have to adopt his enthusiasm. I'm enthusiastic, but I'm looking at the entire infrastructure together.  getting the 3IQ, the Bitcoin fund approved and kind of onto the exchange. What else do you see as important milestones here to help a lot of these investments or investors and asset allocators come into Bitcoin? Yeah, I mean, we're going to be really early. So if you think of a couple of things, let's just talk about what would 3IQ have on a product line in the basis. Everything that's going on with DeFi is amazing, right? Like BlockFi,  As far as we're concerned, a DeFi, digital asset, money market fund, look, I think it'd be amazing. And you're going to get income, 78% of income versus what? 1.6 on a tenure? I forget it. So I think there's an awful lot of opportunities in there and you know that we're obviously looking at those. I do think the, when you start to see  that are very powerful. It's not broken, well capitalized. Canadians don't have any banking issues or banking problems. So why would the central bank of Canada want to f that up, right? Well, they wouldn't. So basically what will happen is a central currency is going to be held by deposits because it'll be back one to one. So all the Canadian banks will start competing for the deposit. That's a nice stable coin. And they won't let that happen very long. They'll just take it out and say, okay, Qcat is now owned by all  really skyrockets. I tend to think that what ZAC has built is just the start for BlockFi, but also we're going to see many, many more entrepreneurs follow in terms of building out this. What really ends up being just a mirror image of the legacy financial world in terms of providing all the financial infrastructure that allows Bitcoin to thrive. And if you think about over the last 11 years, Bitcoin has grown from essentially on nobody's radar, basically worth zero or  pretty much a no-brainer, in my opinion, as to the world that we're headed towards, but not everyone sees it that way. We'll take a piece from the Disney Fund and create the Bitcoin Children's Education Fund. How's that sound? Everybody can start saving for their kids' education in Bitcoin. See where they're in 20 years. I have no idea how you finance your kids to go to university in the United States. It's crazy. It's not the University of Toronto. It's crazy.  It's not radical. It's not this. When we file our Ethereum fund, I can't say, but we have certain opinions that they're not novel investments anymore. They're 12 years old. And yes, it did take, while we were doing all of this, Gemini was working with us step by step to get their SOC 1, SOC 2, type 1, type 2 audit things. They were getting their regulatory licenses. None of this happened fast, and none of it was there two years ago, or a year and a half ago.  that came in, they challenged us to take it to the highest possible level to get the proper approval. So we can easily say there's 10,000 pages of testimony approved by a regulator, approved by a regulator who did four years of due diligence and ran us through the biggest ringer to make sure due diligence was properly done. So we easily believe QBT  our challenge is we're trading at a 19% premium and our competitors are trading at a 9% premium today. And I'm going, I need to get my premium down. I need people to sell my Bitcoin fund, not buy it. They're all buying it. I need them to sell it to get it down. So we hope to manage the premium a little better when we have at the market, our ETF comes out in the next couple of weeks. But yeah, visit us there. And as I said, for Canadians, again, you get to put it in retirement accounts and then tax  book I've ever read. But recently the one that I read that was the most fun was literally Bickman Billionaires. And the way he writes and his TV show and everything he does is amazing. I was absolutely fascinated by it. And I like a feel good story. Other than that, I read for escapism, but I'm also a big sailor. So most of the important things I read are about whether  Unbeliever. Oh, I'm going to have to quote and sing, you know, the late David Bowie. There's a star man waiting in the sky. He'd like to come and see you, but he thinks he'll blow your mind. So there's a star man waiting, but he'll blow our mind. Absolutely. One of the best writers and one of the greatest songs ever written. That is a fantastic way to answer that question. No one has ever said that.  There was no grand plan, but if you look with hindsight bias, there's definitely this belief that companies have been staying private longer. Most of the gains have been occurring in the private market. There are still great opportunities in the public market. It's just that the public market companies, all of the private market value was already sucked out of them by the private market investors. That game ends up having an attractiveness to a specific type of investor.  entrepreneurs are literally dedicating years of their life to not only recruit other smart, intelligent, hardworking, ambitious people to work on hard problems, but also of their own personal sacrifices with themselves, their families, et cetera, to go build these businesses. And literally they are creating this stuff out of thin air and kind of building value. And the hope is that those companies will capture that value. And so I just really enjoy that. I've been doing it long enough to have multiple founders who pitched  And I personally just get enjoyment out of this whole idea of betting on somebody early on their journey to go do something. And if they're successful, it's a pretty cool ride to be along for. Yeah. Moving from a user of capital to a provider of capital has got to be the day that you put a big smile on your face and congratulations on everything you've accomplished. I'm a big fan, as you know. Absolutely. Well, listen, I'm a big fan of what you guys are doing as well. And I think that you guys are just getting started.