 Alright guys, bang, bang. Wow, do I have a treat for you guys today? Webb is here. Thank you so much for doing this, my friend. Oh, my honor, man. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. Let's jump right in to those who have seen the tweets. You are the expert when it comes to all things ecommerce media and direct to consumer, it seems like. But talk to us about your background and what you did before you started  in Maine, co-founded that with Kevin LaBelle. That's continuing to grow. Really excited to see that company exceed expectations. And from there, I decided to not be an entrepreneur for a while. So I worked for a few folks. I was focused on e-commerce at uncreate.com. And then I was director of e-commerce at Gear Patrol. And it was at Gear Patrol when I focused on starting 2pm because frankly, I think we were beginning the election season around then and I wanted to  you guys are doing today? Yeah, I think one of the interesting things about the digital industry is that the more generalist you are in your approach to education, obviously, deep generalism is the goal. The more you can sort of see the interconnectivity, the... I want to call it neural pathways between ideas and concepts and industries. And I think that other industries solve your industry's problems. So if you're an e-commerce person, then you focus solely on retail and all that nonsense,  between ideas. Yeah, I love that. And it feels to me like that's also a very ever-expanding kind of mission, right? There's always new things to learn about. There's always new things that you can kind of get better at to help in this journey. So when you get started, you said you curated a newsletter at first. Talk us just through kind of the evolution of the product, kind of from where you started to what you guys are offering today. Yeah. Listen, I think I was amateurish at the beginning, hopefully not too bad.  add more newsletters as far as original content, original artwork and things like that. And so there's a vast difference between even last year's newsletters and this year's newsletters. And my goal with this type of model is to continue to improve. We have a very lean team. It's me and maybe five or six contractors. They work really well. I think they're the top of their industries and they contract their time to 2pm and I couldn't do it without them.  about what you're covering, right? Is that an accurate depiction or do you kind of think about it in a different way than just commerce, media and direct to consumer? Yeah, I think that the sort of the, you know, the center of those industries are a leading indicator of greater conversations elsewhere. If you look at retail data, for instance, you can begin to sort of project, forecast other industries, right?  it's more than likely that your industry will be influenced by these digital businesses in some way, shape or form. So whereas e-commerce began as sort of a niche study, I think it's becoming essentially the new infrastructure for this century. And I'm not trying to sound self-important, but I do think that studying this stuff will help people really understand other aspects of our  think are now ingrained in people's heads and associated with e-commerce. But when you really pull back and look at like, well, what are people buying online? Carvana is a multi-billion dollar business. They're selling used cars and you basically go to a giant vending machine or open doors doing a real estate transaction where you can buy and sell online. And so e-commerce is no longer like that niche industry of like, let's sell little things that we can put in a box and ship to you. It's now pretty much every transaction. So maybe talk a little bit about how that evolution, how you've seen it,  small businesses that you Shopify, whatever, right? Like that's typically what people think about when they think of those, that acronym. I think of it in the terms of a philosophy, right? If you were studying the way that those businesses operated five years ago, even three years ago, you could see how those same strategies and philosophies would then be imparted upon other industries, whether it's telehealth or real estate or car purchasing, whatever it is.  how people are implementing this in the real world? Yes, simply could. It's the line where media meets commerce. And for me, that is sort of the center of a sustainable, profitable, long-term, viable business because they can influence demand and they can meet that demand with supply or they have supply and they can manufacture that demand, whichever  because they were ginning of demand for tires. They knew that if you traveled more to heralded restaurants in France, you would burn more rubber and buy more tires. There are so many examples of that. And that's the core of linear commerce, taking two core functionalities, two core competencies, and making them the focus of your business. So I think... Let's use Barstool as an example, because I think many people listening to this will at least have an idea as to how that business works,  of linear commerce play, right? Of just, okay, we've got eyeballs, we're going to sell them t-shirts, right? With all kinds of branding, whatever. Where can a business like that go? And I think of it almost as like, as they mature as a business, the products that they sell become more sophisticated, not necessarily more complex, but just, it's not as easy as like, let's put a print on a t-shirt and sell that through dropshipping. So how do you see the evolution of these companies as they get more serious about this idea of linear commerce? Yeah, I think the core of linear commerce is loyalty.  The next evolution of that is the physical sportsbook. When you see pin gaming launch barstool sportsbooks and or restaurants with sportsbook capabilities around the country, market by market, I'm not saying that that's what they're going to do, but it wouldn't surprise me if they did it. A lot of that's going to be because of the loyalty that they've built up over the decade plus they've been in business.  sell pizza under the one-byte name. They've got an app that does that. And you start to realize, wait a second, every single thing that keeps the consumer loyal, like the inside jokes, the content, all that, can be productized to some degree. I think that's what you're getting at with this linear commerce idea, right? Right. Right. 100%. I don't think there are many businesses that have done it better than them. I know that they're clearly a divisive and controversial company in some ways. A lot of people would say that. But I think even if you are  Dave has a Midas touch when it comes to productizing certain verticals. It's been interesting to see. One of the ideas that is fascinating to me is this idea that businesses used to build their product and then go find customers. Now, what might be happening is some businesses actually go find the customer first and then build the products. Barstow is one example of that. One, does that sound right to you? Do you think that that will become more popular over time?  organic and kind of build over time. Listen, I think that intention can be important. I've always said this. I think one of my tweet patterns is I'll have like a short timeline and I'll say 2010 people focused on building products and then building demand around it. Now people focus on building an audience and then monetizing that audience. You have to have an element of sincerity around what you're doing. You can't say, Hey,  2007, 2006, I don't know when it was. They didn't say, hey, one day, we're going to monetize this and turn it into a $150 million a year company. That wasn't the goal. The goal was, how do we appease the people that we care about most? How do we really reach this niche and just give them everything that we got and hope for the best? And what they found was that niche is a heck of a lot bigger than they thought. And that's the only reason why it worked.  of this right now. I mean, the first 180 letters at 2 p.m., they were free and they were published in my spare time after work, typically, before work. And that was the goal. I was like, I'm going to get to 180 letters. I'm probably going to stop. And I got to like 179. I'm like, I sort of want to continue this because there are people that are reading this that I would have never been able to introduce myself to. And that's just a really cool resource to have. Let's continue this. I should probably  And that's sort of how that worked. Now, it's I think 2pm has five or six products. So when I get notifications, they're never the same. There's six ways essentially to transact on the site. But at the core of everything that I've done, it's all been, how do I serve this particular industry that at the time was very niche? I think what we're seeing is that the e-commerce industry is not as niche as we once thought.  And that worked out and thankfully it did. And then I moved towards, I really wanted to maintain operational focus. So I, listen, I believe that the best writing is operator driven and you can't do that unless you're actually in the thick of it. And so I was like, okay, I should probably, you know, consult companies and, you know, have some skin in the game and help build from the inside out. And without raising a  And I'm always surprised whenever people transact, but so far so good. Yeah. And one of the things you tweeted recently that I found really fascinating is you basically were saying, look, if I was to start a DTC brand today, I would go after product first, then go after distribution, and then I would focus on brand. When people think of DTC, I think this goes back to the conversation around like they have a specific type of company in their mind, right? So maybe like a Casper or whatever it is. And they think of like really quote unquote,  Yeah, listen, I think that was a very unique tweet for me. I wouldn't normally say something like that, but that was in response to that Bloomberg blending report. I don't know if you saw that. It was really, really interesting. What's the report? He was essentially, it was a great opinion piece. I forgot the gentleman's name, but he was essentially writing that a lot of these direct-to-consumer brands seem sort of idyllic and identical in their approach to messaging.  of it, a lot of it is being called out because not only are a lot of these brands doing that, and listen, there are a few exceptions in that article. I would like to cite that the sales included in the article, whereas she bootstrapped for the first five years, she probably didn't have any business being in that article, it would be fair. But the larger point was there is a homogeny about all of it and couple that with the fact that there have been so few  brands that did grow on profit and cash flow versus raising the $5 million first, coming up with the brand and the message, then rolling out the product and hoping for the best. There are a number of those companies. And so I cited, you know, J's Ice Creams in Columbus, Ohio. There's CFA Foods in Austin, San Antonio, I believe. There's Bulletproof, you know, there's going back a little bit further, there's GT Dave and Synergy, right? These are companies that are on the way to billion dollars  a car company, or it's the quibbies of the world who go out, they raise tons of money. And I think that people who've been around a while, especially from a venture capital perspective, red flag number one is you raise way too much money and you don't even have a product yet. Red flag number two is you don't have any of the venture capital firms actually invested. So they all passed and you went elsewhere for capital. And I think that every once in a while, we have to almost have these to remind everyone of this focus on the ultimate goal here is to  But in a much lesser sense, there are no brands that are nearly as egregious as what that company has done. But there are a lot of brands that don't really have a path to exit optionality because they've raised a lot of money relative to their potential market cap. And they are not private equity fodder anymore because of that cap table situation. And they will probably not be able to reach  shot at becoming a billion dollar brand, then somebody coming out of the gates raising $20 to $50 million. Yeah. And talk a little bit about how you're seeing founders navigate to that point. So when somebody hears a million to $3 million, there are certain businesses where the capital needed to start is very low. Literally, just if you can build software, then you're off to the races. Some of these businesses, though, there's physical products involved, there's some capital intensive nature. And so how do you see founders getting off the ground to the point where  money, we were probably more capable of raising money in a reasonable fashion that put the company in a decent long-term position. I would say that, listen, I think that for a lot of founders, especially coastal ones, raising money is pretty easy relative to the industry. And direct-to-consumer was hot. It's fallen off, but it's coming back as e-commerce penetration continues to rise. And so it's going to continue to be easier for LA, New York, San Francisco,  And for reference, that entire $250,000 capital expenditure was focused on buying our first run of first-generation shirts from Mizzin. Sorry, Kevin. I think you can say this now because we can look back on it fondly, but the first generation of shirts, they weren't great. So selling them was pretty difficult, but we found a way to do it. Yeah. And let's talk a little bit about this creator economy. Sure.  kind of people who want to build a business and people who want to just create? Or are we going to see the rise of the hybrid? The people who want to create things but also have the ambition and the skill sets to actually build businesses as the CEO as well? Yeah, listen, I think that's sort of the conundrum that I'm in right now. It's like, I want 2PM to be a media company, not a person. And so I've built strategies around that. With Substack in particular, obviously, you're very familiar with it.  as one heck of a journalist. You will make a lot of money as an individual journalist. I think it's different than the alternative, which is... I forgot the name, but the group from Deadspin that launched on Substack a few weeks ago. Do you remember the name? I don't, but I know who you're talking about. I think it's 30 of them and they are... I think they... Is this Defector? Yes. Yes.  Can you build a structure around employing the right people? And can you port that audience elsewhere on your own URL and with your own design, with your own logo, where to build a media company? I think that's sort of like the mark that determines that. Yeah. And we've obviously seen this before with like the Buzzfeed and they came out with Buzzfeed products, right? And kind of put it through. And one of my favorite examples, and the name's going to escape me now, but they do the really in-depth product reviews.  we're getting back to this idea of the only people who are going to survive and have the option or possibility of thriving or the people who find product market fit. Because they're going to use the revenue to basically fuel anything else they want to do. Is that directionally correct, do you think? It is. I think there are a number of companies. I'm not trying to sell anyone short because I've seen it happen myself. There are a number of companies that started small and have quite a substantial footprint on the industry. I think an example is probably one of my stops. Uncreate is probably  sort of to build brand equity, I think we have to focus more on in an animate brand and not the person behind it. I think that's the key difference in the creator economy today. Yeah. You've made a number of investments. You consult, you have been an advisor to companies and you actually worked at them. Talk a little bit maybe about, we spent talking about the brands and kind of the companies.  I think that Shopify is on to something. I've gotten sort of glued in from a few of their folks that they're coming up with solutions for the creator economy themselves. I think it's a very fascinating time. And I don't know if you're familiar with Li-Jin from A16Z. She talks about this quite a bit. There's a host of SaaS platforms that are focused on answering this question, especially as the American electorate continues and the American consumer therefore continues  helps you sell things, but also they sell their own things and compete with you. Substack, for example, doesn't have their own publications also on Substack. Shopify, to my knowledge, doesn't sell products as well as arm the rebels of other people. Does that change over time? Do you see a world where the infrastructure providers start to eat more and more of the stack and actually compete with the people that they're helping, to some degree? I do. I think Substack will become its own media company.  linear commerce, it's incumbent upon a lot of these platforms to eventually compete with the people that are using the platforms. I think that's natural. The margins are probably higher if they do that. And it's a lot more long-term buyable if they are building those strategies around being their own supply and their own demand. And as you think through how a lot of this is financed, there's been a bunch of attention lately on companies like PIPE and others that are finding ways to, let's say,  non-dilutive capital outside of the advances that Substack continues to provide a few top performers. Eventually, there will probably be mechanisms around that. Maybe... I forgot the name of the provider out of Toronto. They provide... Clearbank? Yes. Thank you so much. You're the man. I just have a bunch of company names floating around in my head. That was so good. Thank you so much.  have to pursue paid marketing and paid acquisition. And it will probably be smarter for my business to do that on top of everything else that I'm doing. And there are a host of creator-based newsletters that can benefit the same. Yeah. What's really interesting about it too is... I think a lot of people have thought about SaaS recurring revenue. So I built a software platform. You pay me for it. You get to use it on a daily basis or a weekly basis.  that resource could provide a lot of lock-in for your customers, lowering churn, boosting retention and all that. I could see investors focusing on newsletters that become their own resources. For us, we focus a lot on the databases. We are trying to quantify the private markets. Jeff Richards is one of my mentors at Out at GDB Capital. I tell him all the time, I'm trying to build private markets,  This idea of membership. You've done a fantastic job, I think, of really directing the branding, the conversation around membership and not so much a transactional relationship or just like, hey, you're a subscriber. Talk about what your thought process is behind membership versus maybe subscribers and some of the advantages or even maybe disadvantages to pursuing a strategy that's built on membership more than anything else. I think that's really, really important.  If you had a room full of members, the members would feel like they are around like-minded, valuable people. They're like a cohort. And that's the way that I see my members. That's why I host our dinners, to try to get as many of them in the room together as possible. Obviously, COVID put a hold on that for a little bit, but we're kicking that off again pretty soon here in the city, here in New York. And I'm really excited for that. I think those are sort of the elements that can help above and beyond traditional subscribers build a  I love the way that he thinks he's right on when it comes to the delineation between the two. I think they often get conflated and they're not the same at all. To have a subscriber is wonderful. That's what we're all seeking, right? Anyone in this economy, that's what we're focused on. But I think what's really going to continue your business and allow you to build on in the long term, those are members. They're paying you for the future of your company, not what exists right now.  Twitter, a three-letter Twitter handle means that you either know magic or you were early. Which one is it? I got lucky. Long story short, I ended up buying the handle in 2010 from this British aristocrat that was sitting on it and he wanted like $72,000 for it. And I was not in a position at all to pay even a fraction of that. And so I paid him an installment, it's like $3,000 and he handed it over to me.  is like only somebody who lives in a castle would think that's a good thing. I know. I have like a few pennies. Please help me. I love it. What is it? I have same two questions to everybody. What is the most important book that you've ever read? Oof. Shoe Dog. Why? I don't think there are many books that show you the entire path from zero to one like that book. Just the pain.  Okay, hold on. No one's ever said that before. Explain where we get in this technology. Listen, I know that we have some wonderful scientists on the face of the planet. Thank you to the Germans and the Russians for helping us pioneer the space age. But I think that we've just seen some drastic booms in technology over the last 200, 300 years that a logical person would say is probably inspired from elsewhere.  stuff. You could ask me one question. What's the one question you got for me? Ooh. How do you stay so productive? You're really knocking these out. Yeah. I said it yesterday on Sigh's podcast. Between yesterday and today, I'll have recorded eight podcasts. I've done the newsletter each day, the daily YouTube show. I signed a term sheet for an investment yesterday, like cranking. And it just comes  And so, uh, if you kind of just think of like, okay, what's my job? It's like, do the same thing every day for five plus years. And then like, then you get to enjoy the, the kind of benefits of that. Yeah. So I really liked you said about every offensive play being drawn up to score touchdowns. And I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question.  because he messed up, right? Like he didn't take the right steps or do what he's supposed to do. Or is it just that the player across the line is a better player and just anticipated something like it. So it's not always kind of self-imposed or kind of self-inflicted wounds. It can be external forces. But if you just know, look, every place touchdown and I'm going to do my job. And if everyone else does their job, we're going to score. It's pretty good way to look at life for it. Pretty profound, man. Pretty profound. Yeah. That's why Nick Saban has a bunch of