 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a treat for you today in that I have, for the first time ever, three different people who are all on together. We'll call this a virtual panel or just a hangout session, whatever you prefer. But it's all about stablecoins. And so maybe we can just kind of go around the horn here. Adam will start with you, then we'll go to the congressman and then to Caitlin and just give a quick introduction as to who you are.  of ups and downs. It's been a wild ride and happy to be here today to discuss stable points with you. I'm Congressman Warren Davidson. I'm a Republican member of Congress from Ohio. I'm a member of the House Financial Services Committee. So we oversee, you know, everything in this space that would be a security. But then you have commodities and oddly enough in Congress that's broken off into the Ag Committee. And then when you look at things that would be like utility  of Congress to understand the technology and frankly to understand the implications of it so we get a regulatory framework that keeps America the innovation hub of the world for this great technology. And hey, Pop, Caitlin Long, CEO and founder of Avanti Bank, literally just finished the Wyoming Blockchain Select Committee. We are in the middle of a two-day meeting, just finished day one. I think we're actually going to be doing something interesting on identity. I think we're actually finally going to break through on that.  a stablecoin is really a digital representation of money or currency. Let's just start with what is a currency or what is money in your opinion? Yeah. If you look at the idea of money, in America, we think of it as dollars inherently, but it's been a phenomenon in human civilization for a really long time. It has really characteristics that make it a store of value and a means of exchange. It's really a tool  do it digitally, it's essentially maybe the easiest way to think of it as a block of data in a spreadsheet. And you could say, hey, I own this block in an Excel spreadsheet. But it's a store of value and a means of exchange. And the way it does that in the most efficient way would make it a more useful type of money. Absolutely. And Caitlin, maybe you can give us an overview of just where stablecoins kind of have come in the Western Hemisphere and that will come to you in  That's especially true in foreign exchange, but it's also true in domestic payments. The other is the settlement finality issue that most folks are aware that credit and debit card payments can be so-called clawed back, which means they can be reversed. ACH payments can be as well. For up to as many as 90 days, it's technically 60 days plus the statement period, but if at the beginning of the statement period, then it's really 90 days.  for digital assets. And that's in part with stablecoins we're designed to solve. I do have to say, though, that it's ironic. The original use of stablecoins is different than what it is today. And that was because Wells Fargo took I was a Bitfinex's bank account away. And essentially, the traditional US banks wouldn't serve the digital asset industry. And so invention is a mother of necessity, and the digital asset industry created a way to get US dollars. And it solved this additional  And those properties of money are things like fungibility, divisibility, transportability, right? And with a stable coin, you get the benefit of something that is non-volatile, right? Or limited volatility, which has always been the complaint against Bitcoin. Guys like Warren Buffett and other respected investors, right? But you also get all those other benefits that Bitcoin was originally created to have, right? Transportability, you can send it over the suite of light anywhere in the world, nearly instantly, right? And fast settlement, like Caitlin said as well, right?  Oh, Japan is the future and all these great things, right? But today, we all know that the country that is driving a lot of growth and innovation is China. And we see a lot, we feel a lot both by proximity to China here in Japan, but also by nationalistic pride, frankly, in the sense of competition. And I think I'd be really interested to hear what Congressman Davidson and Kaitlin think about this as well. But I think modern wars are fought with economics. And I think that  and protection, that we need to look at economics in a similar fashion and we need to evolve and change more quickly because I think that's how countries like China look at it. They think in decades, they think in centuries, they don't think in weeks, months, or even in years. You see the transformation to the digital R&B, which is essentially a state-issued stable coin. It's not that it's something that's going to happen over a decade, it's the kind of thing that a country like China can implement in a year. If they can get rid of coronavirus,  How are people thinking about that internally? I think we saw a clause in one of the stimulus packages where that was kind of an idea. Is that something that you think is possible in the short term? Is that something that is kind of a dream and we may not see for five or 10 years? Kind of just how do you look at the US dollar being turned into one of these digital dollars and kind of being controlled and issued by the US government? Yeah, so a great question. The person who held the seat I have now in Congress before me was  near dialogue. So that's the concern right now because if you look at the Federal Reserve, they had originally said that they were going to stay hands off in faster payments. And so banks and fintech companies dumped lots of capital in there. They poured all kinds of R&D and developed all kinds of products in the faster payments arena. And then once that looked ripe and robust, the Fed just said, yeah, we're going to play in that field. So essentially, I don't think that's right. We're still trying  digital dollar that's essentially like the digital R&B, which gives the government the ability to intervene on any transaction. All the characteristics that Bitcoin has of a truly distributed ledger with no central authority, no intermediary, it is really a good replication of cash. If I have a $20 bill and you and I agree on something, we trade the cash for the service or good,  there's a central authority that can destroy or distort the value of it, or frankly, block transactions. For some in Congress, that's a feature that they want. That's inherently incompatible with a true distributed ledger technology. It goes to custody issues. You want a third party to verify the custody or things like that. That's part of the feature. That's why it's faster.  tools and more government, it's distorting the whole, it's complete economic distortion of the purpose and utility of money. And so we, to me, before we can go live on the central bank digital currency that would work right and really give the United States of America a comparative advantage with China, is we should get a system that plays to our free and open society, which could be like true distributed ledger technology.  stablecoin issued, whether that comes from the private sector or from the central banks. How does this interface with the legacy financial system and banking organizations? And really just from a thought process of, does it change what they do? Or is this merely just the same type of fiat currency in a new technology form factor? And so they update some technology and then it's business as usual. Oh, no, it's majorly different technology, as you know. That's part of the reason why  legacy financial institutions use centralized systems that duplicate data and then across the counterparties and then everybody has to reconcile. Well, distributed ledgers use decentralized systems and nobody has to reconcile because they're shared by everyone, but they're heavily encrypted. Whereas inside the big financial institutions, pretty much nothing's encrypted. Even the small financial institutions, they just have really strong firewalls and nothing's encrypted on the inside.  very small number of core service providers in banking software, and they do not have the capability to integrate with wallets. And so I think it's years away because the technology is just fundamentally different. And I could go into a whole different discussion about the impact of the fact that all the banks in the US rely on a very small number of software providers and only a few of the very  they're not using modern software practices and this is part of the reason for the apathy of the payment system. And here comes this distributed ledger stuff, which is all wallet based. These are two fundamentally incompatible IT architectures. And it literally has to be built from scratch. And do you integrate it back with those old systems? That's that building that middleware to integrate it back in and of itself would be a massive task. That's why I, when I left the enterprise side of the  the government. She talked a little bit about China, obviously, kind of what they've done. Or are we going to have to see kind of public-private partnerships in your opinion around the world in order to actually get the digital currencies built correctly? Gosh, I couldn't agree more with Caitlin's comments. I think that the technology is so fundamentally different, spending like most of my career in Silicon Valley and pitching VCs and all this about disruption, disruption, disruption. They say disruption really occurs when the old  And it's not just about money, it's control and it's power, right? And so there's gotta be sort of a more of a compromise, really, right? It can't be one of these disruptive Silicon Valley-esque, Apple comes in and decimates the music industry and just replaces it with something new because it's better and cheaper for the end user, right? The customer, right? In this case, it's gotta sort of have the oversight and the buy-off or the sign-off  they are clearly like what they did with COVID-19. They literally just closed the roads. I mean, they can do whatever the hell they want. And they have a population that is willing to accept that actually. And they're very patriotic about it. I actually admire that about China, right? The people just, they just go with what's said and they, you know, rah, rah, rah, right? At least that's what we hear, right? That's what we hear. So, you know, I think in the US, it's gonna be a combination of technology providers and sort of government,  new technology companies to be able to come in. And by the way, this is the same thing we see in the private sector all the time, right? Like with IBM and then Microsoft came in and kind of ate their lunch, right? And then Google came in and ate their lunch and there's a long tail on IBM. They're still selling computers, believe it or not, you know, who they're selling them to all the big banks who use all those whole computers, right? There's a long tail on Microsoft. There's a long tail on Google, right? So the tails keep getting longer and there's going to be a long tail on, on the traditional financial products and software as well.  I can get not just three or five percent, but if I'm willing to take a little bit more risk, by the way, my money's literally sitting like the equivalent of a Wells Fargo, right? I mean, there's zero chance I'm going to get anything there, right? And I could take a little bit more risk with some of that discretionary income that I would otherwise invest in things like oil, by the way, which obviously, you know, more volatile than Bitcoin recently. And, you know, as a consumer, I like that. I want to provide for my family. I want to turn my savings into more money. I used to be able to do that. I can't do that anymore. So if the consumers push for  Adam hinted at was this almost competition between China, who has very grand ambitions, they've been very public about wanting to get their digital currency out and into the hands of consumers. I think that in the last conversation you and I had on the podcast, they may have grander ambitions than just their own citizens using this and see an opportunity to get globally access to really drive adoption of this. The US obviously, at some point,  came back as an officer, did all these things in the military. In that sense, you think of China as a potential conflict. You think, well, maybe I'll never even go to China under friendly conditions. When I get out of the army, I get involved in manufacturing. Manufacturing in the 2000s has inherently involved trade with China. You experience all this friction of trade. Back when  with people all over the world. That's been my experience. The hope is that we have the kind of government that lets that happen at the nation state level. China is clearly got a different vision of how to run their country and how to run not just their overall country, but how they would go about a digital currency. Just like they can do things, well, you don't hear a lot of dissent  companies to say, you know, tell us everything about your customers, you know, and, you know, the Fourth Amendment does not say the Fourth Amendment is the right to privacy. And it does not say that if you have nothing to hide, well, then you have nothing to fear. Right. It says you have a right to privacy, not secrecy, not no way for the government to find out anything. And we have an ability to take advantage of our cultural differences and do essentially what what a feature of big  have to do that. They're doing all kinds of things. You wonder why it's scaling so differently. On the back end in China, they're looking at this stuff in a different way. They know way more about the identity of their people, and they do it to a point where they're building social credit scores. Literally, in China's system, they could know all the stuff in the world about every customer that comes in on a transaction, particularly with a central bank digital  money to try to distort law enforcement, or you're leveraging publicly traded companies. That's the real tension that exists. When Adam's talking about the legacy system, that tension is real. These people, whether it's a government institution like Fenson or Treasury or the OCC adapting to the reality, we have to say, are we going to basically take the shortcut easy route, which China is taking, and it's the easiest morph off of  country that did protect those rights. Yeah, I couldn't agree more. I think that is a fantastic way to view it. Caitlin, any thoughts on that? Well, sure. I mean, there's an inherent tension between privacy and use of the internet. And, you know, I think the privacy advocates in the US lost that battle in 1977 when the Bank Secrecy Act was put into place in the first place. It's been substantially expanded. And just last weekend,  even more compliance costs on the small community banks. And essentially just makes it such that the only ones who can service those customers and handle all those compliance, which is an enormous amount of work and cost are the very large banks. And so people get the opposite of what they want. They don't want the big banks getting bigger, but it's the regulatory mandate, especially on the compliance side that's difficult. One other piece about the regulation  And then the bank regulators have to have a supervisory manual so they can determine how to examine the ones that are actually handling this That is a years long process in Wyoming. We're 27 months into it and just about to I understand release the Supervisory manual on how bank supervisors can supervise banks activities in digital assets. It's the first one that's ever been drafted is 1500 pages long promontory Consulted on it and I'm sure it will be  to the privacy and technology. Neil Ferguson has made a couple of really interesting points about the national security implications of losing the payment technology war. And I think he's right that you won't keep your reserve currency. The reserve currency, yes, sure, it's the perceived stability of the issuer, but it's also who's got the best payment technology. And the world's going to migrate to the best payment technologies. I've said this before, multiple  I was just going to say, listening to this, it makes me thankful that we have folks like the congressmen here fighting the good fight to defend those principles on which America was founded, frankly, and to not become a police state like some of the other large countries in the world that we've been discussing. But I'm really curious to get your folks' opinion on this sort of, call it a solution. Let me paint you a picture. And I've talked about this before privately,  bubble. If it's self-sustaining and it keeps growing, it becomes something like the US dollar, which is the world reserve currency, which is damn impressive. Now, what the Congressman said before is that on the fringes of crypto, we have to play by the traditional fiat-based rules. If we want to onboard through Coinbase, we have to go through the KYC process and all that. But imagine this world for a second. Imagine you are being paid your salary in crypto, and then you're holding all of your  even within the context of the otherwise fully regulated world that we live in. I don't know, I mean, you could do what Vietnam did and just make cryptocurrency illegal, the government could do that. And that's a way to stymie that whole vision instantly. And to be very honest with you, when I raised money for my company back in 2015, my would-be investors asked me, Adam, what's the number one risk for your company? And I said, oh, it's very obvious. The US government says Bitcoin's illegal. Because if they do that,  that others mentioned, right? And realize the benefits of, you know, quick instant settlement, international trade and things of that sort. Adam, this is why I enjoyed talking to you because my question to end this was going to be, what is the future world that you hope to see or kind of paint that picture, which you just expertly did? Maybe we'll go to Congressman Davidson and any kind of reactions to that world that was painted there. Yeah, I mean, I think that's an interesting vision, but the reality is most people hold their wealth in some  case for sound money that you've got a known quantity there, which is why people look at some things more like gold or digital gold or back currencies, things like that. The principles of sound money, I think, are going to drive the exit out of the current US dollar because of dynamics like Caitlin was talking about. The other part is we're in a world where many countries are pushing negative interest rates. We've seen that pressure in the United States. We've seen the Federal Reserve talk about  hold it in something that has a better store of value, but still more liquid than yield, which is Bitcoin in their case. I think that the pressure for negative interest rates and the massive amount of debt that the United States has means that there is going to be a huge push to exit into something, maybe this bubble that Adam's talking about. I think it highlights how the sense of urgency that we should be working with to get this arc built to get everybody to safety because  you just made, Congressman, is looking at how Tether's actually used. Even when it was acknowledged that Tether wasn't fully backed by US dollars, it's still, after dipping down, it traded back up close to par, even though everyone knew that it wasn't fully backed. What was really going on? Look at the velocity of all those stablecoins. I did a table back around June 1st, and the velocity of the three big US dollars  Well, the other piece of this is, as you all know, that stablecoins have exploded this summer in both issuance as well as in velocity. The velocity is accelerated. And I just updated that table a couple of weeks ago using coin metrics data. This is on-chain verifiable velocity. So none of the exchange reported stuff, which of course is even higher. But that velocity range was 45 to 55 times. It's now 64 to 154 times.  actually goes down this path of allowing US dollar bank money, then frankly, it actually extends the life of the dollar as a reserve currency. But if the US loses that technology war and doesn't do that, and we stick with these really clunky old multi-day payment systems that don't have settlement finality, and even with Fedwire, when you're trying to use out for high value payments, you can't time the  software companies never wanted to be banks. But I think everybody's realizing that you've got to marry the software with the bank. In other words, the banks are the ones that clear the payments directly at the Fed. And so if the software company isn't the bank, then those are two separate processes and you never get the maximum value of the software because it's all still settling on those old clunky rails. If a software company becomes the bank, now all of a sudden you get real competition in payment systems. So watch  been really troubling and difficult for obvious reasons for everyone around the world. But I think one of the silver linings on this cloud that is still over all of us is that it's caused people to really self-introspect about their lives and about their families and about their finances, the things that are very important to them. And there's been a huge, huge uptick in cryptocurrency as a result of that. People have been learning the Google search results for Bitcoin and buy Bitcoin and crypto and App Store searches.  industry coming from a c but did so because he wan way to to bring some go I see that traction, the value in this as the most i thing going on the industr growth and you know, cons is always gonna, you know, move slower than that, ri time for them to catch off when there's inertia, you and things of that sort. Um,  in the FT a couple of weeks ago about the programmability of money. And what is so important about programmability and why you need a blockchain, you can't just use programmability with a traditional relational SQL type database because the blockchain gives you consensus. It allows all the parties to share the infrastructure, not to have to duplicate and replicate and reconcile the data. And that's what a blockchain  and GDP growth is the velocity of money. Well, we now actually have programmable money that is itself exhibiting very high velocity. We don't have to do it through issuing more debt. We can do it through technology. And that's something that makes everybody a lot better off, but we've actually got to break through the barriers and get it started. It's a great point. Congressman Davidson, bring us home. Any last final thoughts? Yeah, I think it's important to  of our culture and our life as to whether this tool, sound money, is a means of control or a means of freedom. And I use type use, you can't defend freedom if you don't defend sound money. And those principles are so important. And they're playing out really in a different way, not on the money side, but in securities law. So if you look at the SEC with the ICO market and the lack of will  you know, doing great, Ohio doing great with this great innovation on all of the gazillion potential applications in blockchain. The capital is going offshore, not to avoid our laws, but to find regulatory certainty in places that have taken the time to put frameworks in place. And so I just hope I can get my colleagues either educated enough or I guess pliable enough to say, you know, I don't really understand this, but I know these people do.  is in Japan there. So we found time to line everybody up and I appreciate all three of you taking the time to do this. I hope that people really learned something today. We'll have to do it again in the future. Thanks, Bob. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you all. It's great spending time with you. Hopefully we can do it live somewhere sometime. Hopefully so. Thank you.