 All right, guys. Bang, bang. I've got Matt here. Super excited about this. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. You're welcome. Thank you for having me. It's an honor. For sure. Let's just jump right into your background and how you kind of first came across crypto. But what did you do before you had ever heard about Bitcoin or cryptocurrencies? Yeah, sure. So I've been a reporter at Newburgh News.  Congress and then through when the CFTC started putting all those new regulations into place. I also was following the fixed income market like Treasuries Trading, one of the biggest markets in the world, which is, I don't know if a lot of your listeners know, but it's basically unregulated. It's just another wild west. It's just the sovereign debt of the United States. I had heard about Bitcoin, I think around 2013 or 2014 and dismissed it.  I was one of the first people at Bloomberg to get in on that. And so I started following it and it really is like for me, it's been where finance and blockchain or distributed ledger meet. So one of the first stories I did was about Blythe Masters, who was a big person at JP Morgan. She helped invent the credit default swap and then went to be CEO of Digital Asset Holdings. Then the next year the Dow came around  I got to know everybody, a lot of the people anyway involved. And so I did that story. It had the most fun I'd ever had reporting and writing. And I was able to luckily take that magazine story and say, all right, this is a really dramatic episode in this history, early history of Ethereum. What if I strung this out over a book and around this story told people about Vitalik and told people about Joe Lubin and Gavin Wood and all the guys at Slockett,  And then this one event, right? Where you're able to kind of go deep on the Dow itself. Talk through a little bit about just like the process of, you know, kind of understanding what happened and the process of tracking some of these people down and kind of their openness and willingness to talk to you versus maybe something that didn't like it. Like just what was the process of getting the information to write the book? Yeah, that's a, that's a good question. And I liked, I liked structuring that way. It's cute.  and started like trying to figure out, hey, can we figure out who this person is? Can we figure out how they did it? And we need to do something here to basically save the rest of the money in the Dow because there was still around $200 million of Ether in the Dow. So I got to know those guys well in 2017 when I wrote the magazine story. And through that reporting, I kept hearing whispers of like, yeah, we think the person who attacked the Dow was very,  the blockchain forensics that you could do in 2019 when I was writing and reporting the book are much better than they were back in 2016 when people were looking into who might have attacked the Dow. So all of those things came together to give me a much better chance of finding somebody and finding leads. The second and really important thing here is that Friday attack was not the only attack on the Dow. There was a second one and there were in fact many other little ones, but the second one was on Tuesday. So it was four days  there or else it's going to get stolen again. So the second attack, in my opinion, was a copycat. It was a lot sloppier than the Friday attack, and they left some trails. And I was able to pick up on those trails and eventually connect that attack to a withdrawal at Poloniex. And I was lucky I had a source who was able to tell me which account that was at Polo that made the  you do as a reporter, now I've got a name. I get in touch with that person and say, hey, I'm writing a book about the early history of Ethereum. I'd love to come talk to you. I'm going to be in Zurich. You know, let's meet up. And so that's what I did in Switzerland. And I sat down with this man who I chronicled this in an early part of the book. And we had this long discussion about the Dow. And then it turned out afterward, I learned that he had nothing to do with it because the information  said, hey, I'm writing a book. You were active in Ethereum in Japan, and I'd love to come talk to you. I'm going to be in Tokyo. Because you have to sit down with these people. If you call them up on the phone and start asking them if they attacked the Dow, they're going to hang up on you. So the trick is to just kind of, you know, you don't lie or anything, but you just say, hey, I'd like to talk to you about your experiences in this community. And so that's what I did in both cases. In the case of the guy in Tokyo,  give it straight to people and they can make up their own mind about it. Yeah. And what's so interesting about this is obviously if these were kind of traditional finance crimes, right? In terms of just with a bank or whatever, these people would be caught immediately arrested and, and be pretty open and shut. Uh, do you feel like there was, um, kind of different handling, whether it was by, uh, the media, by law enforcement, or maybe even the community, given that, uh, this all happened in kind of a wild west time for crypto?  nightmare because it was global. And it was it was a really from a law enforcement point of view, a really tough case to to to first of all, explain to to people and then to try it, you know, because let's not forget through the actions of the Ethereum community, they did the hard fork and everybody got their money back. You know, everybody who had money stolen from the Dow got it back. Not only that, they got Ethereum classic on top of it. So if you have money in the Dow,  was that the FBI had to catch him with his laptop open. Then they were able to link him and his keys to all the stuff that he'd been doing on the Bitcoin network with Silk Road. It's like that takes red handed to a whole new level. Here, you have this global, we still don't know who the people are, they've covered their tracks really well for the big Friday attack. If it happened today, I think it would be a much different response. Back then, like you said,  and like no big deal because we basically found a solution or were the people still upset and worried about it and kind of felt like it had been unaddressed and maybe that was the wrong way to handle it. Yeah, I mean, it's a mix, right? You don't have like one community in this space, as you well know. There are definitely people who want to just leave it in the past, you know, that they live through it and don't want to really revisit it. Other people, when I talk to them,  I've heard this from several people that, you know, they could have just like given the money back and said, hey, I proved a point, you know, or something like that. They didn't want to do that. And so I think in some ways there's a lot of hard feelings still about that. And I think like some of the people who helped me in 2019 did so I think because they wanted to know more about this, you know, they were, they sort of liked it that I was  about it, right? During that process, you obviously learn more and more and you learn who the players are and kind of almost get this like crash course, if you will, on the technology on the people on specific events. After all that, like, how do you think about the potential impact on market structure? Is this something where you're kind of more convinced it's going to happen, maybe less convinced, like, like, just where do you kind of come out on the legacy financial world and the blockchain world intersecting?  to users and ask them to invest. Well, there's a ton of scams. That's a brand new funding model, which is fantastic. We're in the DeFi craze right now, which is another kind of building block. It's about loaning and collateralizing and earning interest. And those are all mainstays of finance, and yet they're being done in a permissionless peer-to-peer environment. And so that's two years, three years later. So I think we're  world come to Ethereum. And I think just the smart contract construct that Vitalik created is something that once you get it is really appealing to a lot of different people in a lot of different industries. Yeah, and it feels like a lot of this has been driven by kind of financial market outsiders, right? So it tends to be younger people, they tend to use more technical than kind of finance understanding. Is that  going the furthest here with they were in it from the beginning or very close to the beginning with Ethereum. They just sold quorum to Consensus. They're still working on JPM coin. They still have this interbank network that is an alternative corresponding banking system that uses digital currency. You've got companies like Fidelity with Abby Johnson, who she's mining Bitcoin and they're going all in.  to the traditional financial system or talk about the worldwide web in Web 3.0, an alternative to having your data mined and sold and your searches being following you for months when you go about your business on the web. So I think that that's what's happening and it's gonna take something big for traditional finance to catch up, I think.  centralized, permissionless, challenger-type ecosystem up against these big banks? Or do you think this ends up being much more collaborative over time? I think both. I think you've seen a bit of a brain drain from Wall Street. A lot of people have left to go to crypto. You've certainly seen a lot of traders leave to just trade the assets because there's so much volatility and so much opportunity to make money.  going to have separate things that grow up side by side, and then maybe there'll be some merging and whatnot. But I don't think Bitcoin is going to replace the dollar as the world reserve currency. I think that much more likely that the US is going to issue digital dollars. Imagine what that does now to the ecosystem where a stable coin isn't necessary any longer.  There's multiple people in the legacy financial world who they themselves personally are a little bit older, where they've just been around a long time, and they have one view. Then now, their kids are actually becoming old enough to start to enter the world themselves. We've seen this in the gold community. We've seen this through some very prominent bankers, where basically their kids are into the crypto stuff and they may not be. It almost is funny to watch just the demographic shift or  I've turned into a meme. So it's like you have Tesla, you've got Bitcoin, you're doing it on Robinhood, whatever. But as the wealth shift happens, that becomes a reality. If that's people's preference, I don't know if that ever gets reversed. Anything in terms of as you were writing the book that struck you in terms of the way that the people you were interviewing and speaking with invested that seem different than maybe the sources you have that come from more traditional Wall Street backgrounds?  that idealism. But I have that and I recognize that in a lot of the people that I spoke to like in the co-founders group that created Ethereum and in the broader world about, you know, they're in it to try to make, not everybody, I don't want to say that, but there is a good significant chunk of people who really do want to make the world better. And you don't find that in finance. You don't go to Goldman Sachs to  Ethereum, you've got to get around the really real issue that all of those developers and people in the community have spent years of their lives dedicated to it. And it's, you know, it's something that they truly believe in. So I find that really interesting. What was the biggest surprise for you as you wrote the book in terms of maybe something you didn't expect or that you found out was surprising? There was a lot. I think  He's also really whimsical and funny and he's incredibly well-rounded. I interviewed a bunch of his high school teachers and he was reading the Iliad in Latin, or in Greek, and doing stuff that most high school students never dream of. And yet, so I hope readers agree that I was able to, I think, get a nice rounded portrait of him as a human being rather than  Then a few months later, people were also let go. They tried to bring in a professional board of directors and an executive director who were at each other's throats within days. The board was fired. And yet through all of that, people kept building. And the idea was there and it was sound and it was fleshed out enough where I guess they could just kind of block out that noise and keep going and eventually release Ethereum.  gyrations that many people have lived through. Talk just your general sense of what's happened from a macro environment standpoint, how we've seen this play out, whether it's repo market type stuff all the way through to stuff that we've seen in response to the Federal Reserve actions over the last couple of months. Yeah, it's been wild. I think the first thing that comes to mind is we are living through a zero  thing they have into the stock market because I think they feel like that's the only place that's moving. You've seen things like oil crashing negative for the first time, which is a possibility. It's just that I think nobody ever thought it would happen. And then it happened in an afternoon and everybody was just, it was sort of like another thing to be dumbfounded about. We saw some crazy moves in the treasury market in March.  I think the Fed made a giant mistake years ago when it didn't just rip the bandit off and start raising rates. It would have, to me, shown that they were confident in the economy, that we can raise rates in a methodical way back to 3%, 4%, 5% because we think that would have said in the market, we think the US economy can withstand that. They never did, and they never did, and they never did, and then I think it became too late.  is up for debate, but I don't think that's another mystery, right? Like how can the Fed or the Treasury be printing so much money and inflation just doesn't budge? I think like untried territory, that doesn't make much sense to me. I don't think it makes a lot of sense to many people. So the only thing that there is to do is to pour your money into the stock market. And that's what we've seen. I mean, the market where it is right now, it's a general unimpeded  we've gotten with it. It's this weird thing of, I think a lot of people are looking at it saying, this probably isn't a good thing, just given where we are and the inflated asset prices given the market reality or economic reality. But on the same side, we don't know where we would have been if there hadn't been an intervention. It's hard to judge right decision or wrong decision because you're missing data almost. Yeah, absolutely. It summed up perfectly in the cliche of don't fight the Fed.  and continue to balance it. And maybe not specifically just you, but just the media in general, kind of where they find the balance between like this new world and the existing world. How do you think through that? I think, yeah, for myself, first of all, I'm definitely gonna continue doing what I'm doing because I think, you know, the two worlds are coming together more and more. And I don't see many signs of that stopping. So that's gonna be my role at Bloomberg.  that is starting to be more widely available. Maybe it's, you know, I don't really know to be honest, but I, the funny story that you're asking about like writing the book, when I first got my contract, it was serious bear market. You know, nothing was happening. And I wondered, I was like, God, okay, I wonder if Ethereum is gonna survive. You know, this is like early 2019. And I'm like,  But it is a boom and bust cycle, and I think a lot of financial innovation goes through this. The credit default swap market, that was great for people at the beginning because you don't have a way to short bonds. You can't really hedge your risk in a bond trade. That was fantastic for people. Then of course, it went completely off the rails and we saw what happened with how a bunch of CDS could be turned into a CDO.  when those worlds merge and the line gets grayer, if you will. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. I know you've been writing or talking about NFTs lately. And that's another interesting issue here because people like to laugh about crypto kitties from a couple of years ago. But what they really did was prove that a digital item could be scarce. And that's the only way you do that is with blockchain. And so you think about what Napster did to the music.  It is worth $20,000. You've got that aspect to it. Digital art and digital commerce being scarce, I think, is these unknowns that are so fascinating. What develops from something that Vitalik and other people did four or five years ago, here we are now, that's what I find really intellectually stimulating is just the way that new people coming into it take the technology and do what they  the story of that high-end bag or a piece of gold or a piece of art, we have to trust the story. And sure, there's people who try to do things around authenticity and really making sure as best they can, but there's nothing like being able to just prove the scarcity and allow anyone to verify it. And I tend to think that that is a kind of a mental paradigm shift, if you will. But when people kind of  important book that you've ever read. And for you, you can't cheat and say your own. So you've got to pick another book. But what's the most important book that you've ever read? Wow, that is a good question. I'm going to I'm a huge fiction guy. And I think I'm going to say it was booked by Dondelilah. Oh, Jesus, you're making me space on the name. What's it about?  It's almost beyond like science fiction, you know, like you wouldn't necessarily believe that this is like, it's just, it's wacky when you get into the details of like the hard fork and the theory and classic and all that stuff. It just, it just, it really was, I felt incredibly lucky to have that the story before me where I got to stick to the facts, but it just seemed just like insane. That's awesome. The book doesn't happen to be a book called, what's the story?  So I'm definitely a believer in aliens. I think if you look at the math, the number, we don't even, I mean, what do we know about the universe? It's nothing. So yeah, there's just no way that we're alone. That is incredible. What, I mean, what was the dinner table conversation when your father's doing that on a daily basis? It wasn't so much dinner, but like he would give me rides to school in the morning and he'd have this like threaded hose pipe, you know, on the bottom, like on the back of his head.  sandwich. I'm gonna go with no because the bread's connected. All right. What do you think? I agree. I think I think it's I think it's totally different. So you should see online man that people go through hours on this one. Oh, really? So I think I've told the story before on podcasts, but you'll find this funny. My wife, who's working at fortune, comes from Bulgaria when she's like eight, nine years old moves to Atlanta. And you know, Bulgaria has basically Eastern European  story is just like, what are the other things that people could come to America are just like, what are you guys? She ever had peanut butter and jelly? I don't know if she had ever had one before. I was traveling through rural Poland once and met some people on a train and my wife and I, we had peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and they looked at us like we were absolutely insane. And we said, no, try it. And they like, they took it and they took like the tiniest little bite you've ever seen. And what they just, they had never seen it before. So they just scared me. It sounded disgusting.  And yeah, I'm all over the interwebs. Listen, my friend, you did a fantastic job with the book and I think people are really going to enjoy this. So highly recommend everyone to go check out that book and we'll have to do this again in the future. Awesome. Thank you, Pop.