 Alright guys, bang bang Rachel is back for round two. What's going on? How are you? Hey, thank you for having me. Absolutely. Uh, I feel like you have a crazy, crazy life to begin with. And now you've got, uh, Corona, you have a new baby. You have a husband who is a firefighter who I'm sure is doing all kinds of awesome, cool, crazy things. What has been going on in your life?  It was definitely strange to be married to a firefighter during that time. I mean, I get a kick out of being married to a fireman. Usually it's just something I could like whore out at airports and try to get upgrades with, you know, but it definitely got a little bit real around Corona. That's what I'm like, Oh, this isn't as fun, loving a time as it was before. What exactly was going on? So let's talk, let's talk about the baby first. Obviously we're pregnant before Corona happened. Then you have a child during this whole thing. Were you nervous? Were you scared?  that would have preferred me marrying like a Nigerian lesbian or something. And now my new life of like Staten Island dinner dances and everyone's name is like Gina. And so I sold a pilot about that and I was really excited. Then I got pregnant and I was like, wait, it's gonna shoot in March when I'll be like an actual whale. Like I won't be able to hold any laundry basket that can cover it. And my character wouldn't hold laundry baskets anyway. My character, which is me.  And then I was, but for complete, for a reasons. So, you know, she's healthy. And as a mother, I start all my sentences that way. By the way, now I just go as a mother. And then I just pass out drunk after that. But, so I'm just, I'm grateful for that. But no, I was not into it. All my friends wanted me to like have a home birth. I was like, fuck that. I want, like, like this lady was like, what are the words that you want surrounding your birth?  I mean, I had to do all virtual appointments. They couldn't do any like diabetic in-person checks for a few months. We couldn't do a sonogram. So there was like a lot of crazy stuff. Uh, but then she turned out pretty good. I feel like going through this is, uh, it kind of removes a lot of the bullshit of like the kind of, um, I'll call it like medical theater. Like I feel like there's a lot of just people trying to make people feel good and happy and safe during a lot of this, but like the actual process,  for sure. And the time where you'd be at home nesting, we were doing that anyway and not feeling like we were missing out on everything. So there were some weird benefits for sure. And it was just like in the beginning, remember in March when like, first of all, when I found out I was in Florida on the road. So everybody at home was pissed that I was in Florida and everybody in Florida was pissed because I canceled my shows halfway through the weekend. And then you feel terrible as a comic ever doing that because you're letting  But, uh, Florida, I would just like mentioned the lady at the hotel we were staying on. She was like, blink at me. Like, what? Just this weird lobotomized blink. Like what, Karony? Everything's fine. So yeah. So I, uh, in maybe July, I went to Florida to see somebody. Uh, it was an important thing, right? And when I went, uh, I felt like there was a two very different worlds. Like literally New York, everyone's walking around with the masks, like, you know, very serious. Uh, this is,  it too, since we have so much in common. It's very strange. Remember how that made it real for everyone? They're like, Tom Hanks, I'm next, obviously. Since we have all the same friends. But that was strange. And then I had my mother on the phone, like, you know, just yelling at me like, how can you do this with COVID-19? And like, nobody says the 19 anymore. My mom is still saying the 19. And I'm like, where does she live again? My mom lives in Maryland. And yeah, I mean, she didn't even  I'm like, I'm going to protest some riots. Sometimes they were mixed. Sometimes they weren't. It's funny. My, my family called him protest and his family called him riots. It was amazing. Like, I'm almost like, are you going to join any of the protests in his family? Watch out for the riots. Funny. Yeah. They, uh, thank God there was no, um, to fund the fire department. That would have been awkward, but, um, I see, I feel like, uh, firemen are kind of safe. Like no one ever like goes at the fire department because they realize like when the fire starts,  I like being a fire or badge bang. That's what I prefer to call it. What are they called? Fire wife is one of the terms I tried to get started, but it couldn't really get much traction. Okay. Um, so now I just identify as a badge bang. So what was he doing this entire time? Well, okay. So he was, uh, I realized how, as I watch you try to keep up with what I'm saying, I realized I am quite manic. Um, well, if it makes you feel any better, I feel like we're talking about,  expensive or so. Yeah. So he totally knows who you are and you're on all his crypto apps. So I'll make him comfortable. If anyone didn't listen to the first episode, uh, Rachel's husband is a fire chief, if I remember correctly, he's a, he's a fire captain, but he just passed his chief test. So he will be a chief. Okay. And he is a, uh, secret Bitcoiner or, uh, is he an outed Bitcoiner? He's outed outed.  Conspiracy theories like he goes to the firehouse and he comes back. I make sure and he'll come back like Vinnie said the legit went to the moon I'm like, no they did like Vinnie knows nothing and don't believe anything after someone says legit, please stop listening But yeah, they come home because they have access to his brain for like more of the week than I do so I can only undo so much There's a lot of pamphlets going around. What's the craziest conspiracy theory that you've heard? This was a peed specifically but  But that would be great. I would watch a couple of greased firemen dancing with each other. I prefer them greased. But yeah, no, we dance with each other. There's just like food and a lot of acrylics with stars and stripes on them and shit. And yeah, that's the world, basically. And so there's usually Gina, Vinny, what are the other names? There's like four names.  when they're talking to me. They're just like Jew, they just see like a giant J. It's like, I'm talking to a Jew, I'm talking to a Jew. Like they just see like little horns or rope, I don't know, floating the star of David or some shit. It's strange. Cause I don't even, I'm not even religious, but they just hear my name and they're like, Jew, I know a Jew. You know? So anyway, so he leaves me at some table and this guy comes up and he was like, you should gotta come with me and my wife, the F-God. And then he goes, that's the real Japan, an F-God.  We went to Epcot and then, you know, him too. He was like, so you don't even have to go because it's yeah, it's yeah. I mean, there's so there's too many things to go there. All right. Let's talk about stand up. There's so much going on. You don't know the story yet, but maybe in like April, I got an email from somebody and they were like, hey, I need you to come on this live stream. This is when everyone was like figuring out like what is zoom. And they were like, oh, I have a like I have a camera on my laptop. I didn't know.  fan reactions or audience reactions and just hope that it's going well. Like it was, yeah, it's not a virtual sport. So talk a little bit just about like what you have, you've been doing from a comedy side and then like now as things are opening up, kind of what's the plan? Um, I mean, standup is taken a massive, massive hit. So it's just like, we can't, I mean, I took for granted the money I could make in weekend, especially if you're a  headliners will cover your hotel or travel. And I always did that if anybody was featuring for me. But now we're making, I mean, less than a third or maybe a fifth of what we were making because we can't, they all want, if they are opening a club, it's gonna be a third of capacity. Or they're doing it outside and performing in fields and fire escapes. It's not okay. I did this show in somebody's backyard recently and there was some people outside  because people go to comedy clubs and it's been a somewhat successful business. At least if you can't make your money and if you don't get this pilot picked up or this writing job or whatever, you always have stand up because you could just jump on stage. You don't need anybody else. You don't need like, that's why I always feel sorry for people in bands because such a skill I don't have and they don't need me to feel sorry for them. I mean, I also envy them, but I'm like, they have to wait on like four other guys and you know, in a drum set, the guitar and like equipment. We can just go on and do stand up.  I can imagine a scenario that would destroy it like that. So I mean, couldn't work at all for months and I'd never gone that long without doing standups. Since I started standup when I was like 20, 21, I haven't gone like a week or two without doing standups. So it was probably my honeymoon, which was like two weeks. Yeah. Do you get rusty? I forgot like my material, like things that I've done for years. It was crazy.  You know, so now I that's why I'm going up at all these free places in between or any Comedy club that's having a show on their patio just because I want to remember how to do it for when I am a headlining In a local field or you know some sort of heated tent They're coming they're coming What are you what are you hearing from like the comedy clubs themselves in terms of I'm assuming one they're struggling just like every small business It's got a physical location but to have they been able to do certain things  COVID is really low. So if they're opening restaurants, um, we should open comedy clubs so that they don't all fall apart, you know I understand when it was high why we had to close them But now if they're gonna slowly open up restaurants and it is under 1% in new york I would like then open up comedy clubs because people are dining They're allowed to take their masks off when they're dining and you know See how it goes and if it doesn't go well then close them back up again, but are they not opening up right now? Uh, no, they're not. Um, why is that like they just I don't like  I say like, let's get some in and see how it goes. You know, if you're opening up restaurants, it's essentially the same thing. People have their masks off when they're inside of restaurants. So it's like, why can't the one comedian have their mask off and just perform at a third of capacity or however they're opening up? So I feel like it's worth trying. I went and I've gotten two haircuts last month, which is like more than I got the whole year because I basically just, you know, let it, let it, let it loose and said whatever during Corona, uh, at both times they've got like the temperature gun and each time  I don't know if necessarily you know whether I have COVID or not based on this temperature check thing, but somebody said somewhere that they do. So fine. But then you go, you sit down, they're going to cut your hair. And she's like, leave your mask on. And I was like, okay, that's going to be weird, but like, sure, we'll give this a shot. Starts cutting. And then at one point she's like, can you take it off of your ear, but like hold it over your mouth still? And I was like, what is going on here? They have the.  I mean, I have no information that with formal education. I should point out. My favorite thing to say is I'm not a scientist and I literally have no clue what's true anymore. I have no clue, right? It's just like, there's like some common sense things and I'm like, okay, I'm just gonna put my mask on and just like, go do whatever they tell me. Fine. Like I'll play this game. I guess it can't hurt. I mean, I do think that like some amount of, we got to take some measures, right? And then see how it goes.  basically bitching and complaining that he had to build something in the street so they could have seating, but he did it. And then at one point he, he like, I'm walking by and he like got really animated and he started dropping the F bomb. Like, and I was like, this is not how this guy normally acts. And I was like, what's up, man? And he was like, you're telling me they can go get a massage and get their nails done, but you can't go inside my restaurant. And he was freaking out. I was like, look, man, you're talking to the wrong guy. I'm not going to get a massage. I'm not getting my nails done, but I'll come meet at your restaurant. That's all I got for you.  outside venues, we can do that still while it's warm. So we're performing locally and doing that as much as we can and seeing each other. And I don't know if we're getting better, but we're starting out to get as awful. It's getting a lot, it's definitely, I'll say this, I definitely feel comfortable and I can do my hour now, I can headline again. So I don't know if I'm writing a whole new one, but practicing on patios, but with blue haired ladies screaming about the patriarchy,  in New Jersey and it's outside kind of like heated 10 kind of thing and there'll be mozzarella sticks and beer. Good jokes. Jokes. I don't know that's why I go places for the mozzarella sticks and the beer. I always say that before. What city is this? This is in, hold on I have to check isn't that sad? The stress factories? New Brunswick. New Brunswick. All right the stress factory? It's called the stress factory. So if you want  I mean, all I watch personally in terms of watching is murder. I can't get enough true crime. I don't know what that says about me, but I can't go to sleep until I've seen like a forensic files and a wives with knives for some reason. Like my husband handled pandemic anxiety, you know, having a baby in global pandemic anxiety by like, he's a researcher. So he just over-researches everything. And I'm the opposite. Like we got a car recently and I would come home and he would just like, like having those car videos playing with like cars on different terrains.  with his pandemic fear by just watching a lot of like diaper hacks and like, you know, Jackson's tummy time tips, like baby Jackson's tummy time. That's what he did. I would get into bed and not meet my fireman husband would lay there in his uniform watching like some, like one of those, you don't want to mean those YouTube twats that are like, so anyway, with my first kid, Jackson, we were able to do sleep sacks and Truman didn't take as well to it. Runner was really amazing with sleep sacks.  And I was just like, you know, like that cord, what's up with the cord thing? Like, you know, they cut it and she, you know, they're like, what do you mean? And by the way, the guy who's having the kid is getting the education at the same time. Like he doesn't know any of this. And so it's like, I don't think people understand, like you're going from zero to having to be educated. It's not like, it's not like, Oh, I kind of sort of know some of this stuff. And like, now I just got to learn the details. It's like, I've never even heard of that topic.  when I was pregnant. So we had a baby nurse and she told me everything, you know, I mean, she just explained everything. And I was sitting on her bed at one point after we had the baby and it was like a perfectly made bed because she just does everything in that perfect little baby nurse way. Like I'm like, I'll never be able to replicate this when this woman is gone. And all of a sudden she looked at me and she was like, oh my God, you're bleeding. And I was like, I've gotten through COVID, I've gotten through everything. What the fuck now? And I looked down and I realized that I had  I'm like, I'm sorry, mom. You know how like all those moms, they always have like, they always have like Instagram headings, like box wine is my juice box or whatever, you know? So I kind of try to get on that. Like I'll check my wine with my whining or whatever. Um, and so I usually try to do that. But with like, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you  And so hearing you talking about Yeager, I'm like, there is a reoccurring theme here. Yeah, but with them, it's usually just like a glass of rose or something. Somehow it feels acceptable. Um, but my husband doesn't drink anymore, so I'm not as worthless as I used to. He quit drinking a couple of years ago. So now it's more, it's more like just falling asleep, eating, just doing a lot of feeding in bed, passing out. That's how I numb myself. What's been the biggest surprise since you had a kid?  and just start telling people. And I'm like, that'll be worse than not loving her. I won't be able to not tell people and it won't be cool. So thank God I like, I think I had so much anxiety about it and like fear and focused on all the potential catastrophic things happening on top of what was happening, you know, in the world that I didn't consider all the good and fun parts. So it was like pleasantly surprising, you know, and I was like, I loved her right away, which makes me a hero, I think, right? Sorry, my husband just didn't have a hero.  15 year old, that's the one. We just don't get, we just don't really hit it off. I mean, sometimes there is a hole in the team, you know, you'll see three kids and you're like, they definitely love that one the most, you know, not the other one. So, but luckily we only have one kid and, uh, yeah, loved her right away. I think because I had so much nerves about it that I was just so pleasantly surprised and she's very cute. So I'm, I'm pretty into it. It's fun. It's like a movie. Like you just, she has entertained us. She does silly little things all the time. She's very cute.  He jumps up every time she cries. When I was pregnant, he was like somewhat worthless. Like we got on, when I was in Florida, he was with me. And then we went back to the airport after. We had to fly and it was like, you know, May 15th, whatever, whenever the Golden State Warriors got. And then he boarded the plane without me. I went to get a water. I was seven months being pregnant. He boards the plane without me. And firemen are all-  you hear those tapes and you're like that poor woman, like won't she at least put some warmth in her voice? Like I know she can't say certain stuff, but just be like, we'll be right there. They're always like, all right, ma'am. Okay. You know, that's what, that's what it's like with him. I'm like, where the fuck were you? He's like, just thought I'd get situated. I'm like, do not understand how insanely awful that is. He's like, isn't just figuring to be on your way. And I'm like, no. So he was that he was that he may have just been checking the  little carrier thing, strap it on your chest, you walk down the street, little babies bopping around, can't put it in a swing. I now know that. I'm glad that he figured that out before I ever have a kid, so I know that. I gotta ask you, I have not seen it yet, but I've had multiple people tell me the movie, King of Staten Island, I think it's called. Is that the one? It's about a fireman? F.D.Y. and Pete Davidson. Pete Davidson's dad died in 9-11, and so it's about what his life  he's really eagerly furious about like it could be. He's educated though. That's the scariest part is a comedian who's educated and mad. Like I was very impressed with how much he knew, but he was very mad and I was there for it. I loved it. But is that what the FDNY culture is like in that movie? Yeah, I mean a lot of it is very accurate. I mean, this is also like a while ago, but you know, it's definitely very accurate.  when I'm in New York and I miss being there so much now. We just sit at that table and like slam wings in our dumb faces and just say unspeakable things to each other, you know? And then a comedian will come up with his girlfriend or a female comic will come up with her boyfriend or whatever and the comics get annoying. They're like, oh, so long as I had to bring up. And we'll call them a civilian. We'll be like, oh, they had to bring a civilian, you know? Because we can't speak the way we speak, because we're disgusting. We're animals. And we just say like crazy nonsense that other people call  I think it's the story you work at in Tampa. Like I have a good idea of what happens there. I'll get material, I think on my own, but people do that. And so comics get like weird. They don't want, yeah, they just want to be comedians and not think about it. Yeah. I guess Kevin Hart's kind of piece where he's like, people come up to him and they're like, Hey man, be funny. And he's like, what the fuck? Like, yeah, come on, let's go. Like tell me a joke. And he's just like, this isn't how this works. And he has this whole thing about just like people expect comedians to be funny a hundred percent of the time, no matter where they are at all times.  And I want to be like, no, I'm an animal too. Like you can keep saying the disgusting things you were just saying, she, you're my friends were like 10 times worse, but there's some weird similarities, you know? Have you walked into the firehouse yet and just roasted a bunch of them? Like, I feel like that immediately puts you on even playing field. Just walk in one day and just the worst things that you would say to your comedian friends, just go down the line, every single fireman. And my guess is that not only will they not be mad, so just come right back and then your husband will have to go, Hey guys, come on.  between the boss. Like he wouldn't go out with them or whatever. So he'll be up in his office smoking a cigar or watching you porn or something. And I'll walk up outside and like so the young guys, they stand outside with dog treats so that if a cute girl comes by with the dog, they can give it to her, you know? So it was like Halloween and I walked up kind of slowly. And one of the guys did that thing where he looks back at the other guy and tells him there's an ass worth reviewing as you're passing. They go,  I was like, yeah, sure, come on in. We get some snacks in the kitchen. Yeah, absolutely, come in. So I walk in, I'm like, is Captain Brennan here by any chance? And they just like turn fucking white. And then he calls him on the little walkie. He goes, boss, your boss is here. And so Pete comes down. He wouldn't give a shit, first of all. He's not jealous. He'll just hand me to anybody that asks for me. Just be like, have her back within a week or so. And another time I went by the firehouse, and this was fun.  Exactly. All right. So you bring her the box. So there are suspicious group in general. So I come by with this box and these cookies I bought and they had like a tie around them. And I go to one of the guys, don't worry, I bought these, you know, they're not, I didn't bring them from my home. And then they don't know, you know, Pete's wife and I go, and they're all tied up. You can see, I just got them from the place. And the guy was like, you like to be tied up. So then, so what are the things that you're doing?  Like you just, the culture is so different. And I feel like you get the best of both worlds, which is like, you get to participate in the comedians world and then you get to go and you know exactly the buttons to push in the firemen world. And they have like, it's unfair of you to walk in there to these unsuspecting suspects and just destroy them. And then you have like the Trump card. Oh yeah, by the way, can I see the boss? I know it's so, it's the best.  Yeah, it's it's it's cool though. It's a cool world and they're fun. They're definitely a fun group firefighters. I love it. I love it. Well as a new mother, uh, where can we go find you on the internet? At Rachel on Instagram at Rachel Feinstein underscore and on, is there that many Rachel Feinstein's that you had to get the underscore? You know, this is going to sound like such a name drop and it absolutely is, but I don't know.  and they're just giving us some credit. All right. So you're on Instagram. Where else? Uh, you can go to my website at Rachel dash Feinstein.com and, um, well, I should let Pete say hi. He'll be happy to meet you. All right. Let's do it. Okay. Yes. Yes. So for those of you that are listening and or watching, Rachel is going to get her, uh, her husband real quick. Uh, I have no clue if he's inside the house, outside the house, maybe he's at the fire station.  What's the best conspiracy theory you've ever heard at the firehouse?  You know, I love it because of the distrust of of the government of society, etc. We're talking about the temperature gun, right? And it's like, oh, I know that something's getting in my brain with the temperature gun. That's what he said. I was like, that's insane. That's spoken like a true libertarian. They're planting a chip in my brain when they take my temperature. I like the temperature. I'm not sure. She loves all this stuff. Yeah, we disagree. I'm going to get things, you know, I'll take it. I feel like that's the next vaccine first.  It was a good time to get in. Who told you about it? You know, it's funny. I just, it, I just from the internet kind of thing, or just like, I was, I kind of listened to some of the libertarian podcasts and things like that. And they kind of started to mention it. And I remember just seeing like these articles, like I get these RSS feeds and it was just like Bitcoin hits $10, Bitcoin it's a hundred dollars. And then almost someone ate a hundred. I was like, all right, what is this Bitcoin thing? And I started to read up on it, up on it. You know, my only problem was then, so once I really learned about it, I'm like, wow, so  What I bought at a bad time, but this is going to be encouraging to people that bought during the last Bitcoin boom and now things kind of looks like things are starting to slowly rise now, but this could be like the next series for all that. And these guys could have similar stories. How? This is what I thought him for Christmas because he said so much when your bastards, you happen to. Oh, when your barber, when your barber is yapping about it, get out. That's true. Listen, that's true. Once guys at the firehouse kitchen start talking like the people that aren't invested, I'm just like,  It's true. That's the fact. Listen, I agree with the conspiracy theorists of the world. We, the reason why we all get along is because we're probably more right than wrong. Right. Yeah, sure. There's a couple of ones that were not right about, but if you think about it, like, well, it's probably more true than not. A little bit, a little degree of something, right? And the worst part, the worst part is I'm assuming that, uh, if there's ever something that comes out to prove one of them, correct, it's game over. Cause the next a hundred of them are for sure, you know, they're just like,  But now that I know that the four month old can't go on a swing, I'm prepared. That was a good lesson. Pete, we were talking about the right of passage of getting the carrier that goes in front, like the little backpack thing where the baby goes in. That's like a big step, right? That's like a, how much do you got to debt? You definitely have to practice. You should make fun of these. I practice stuff beforehand. You would do drills, you know, every fireman's got a bunker. By the way, they've all got bunkers.  they gave us a gun and they're like, Hey, here's how you take it apart. Like the M 16 next thing you know, literally within like three days, people are literally having racist doing it blindfolded, you know, with like one hand. It's just like, Oh, this is competitive. Sure. Like I can, I bet you I can do it faster than you. So what's different with the, uh, the baby equipment? Exactly. Oh yeah. Who's putting their babies to sleep the fastest. It's always a race. All right guys. You would be, you guys would be good parents from what I know you seem like a happy couple. So, uh,