 All right guys, bang bang. I have a awesome treat for you today. Amanda is here and we're gonna talk about everything that she does on a daily basis. So thank you so much for coming on and doing this. Thank you so much for having me. I'm delighted to be here. Absolutely. Let's jump right in. Let's go over your background first before we get to the fun stuff. Maybe just tell us kind of where did you grow up and what did you do before you got to PNC?  The door behind me is locked to try and keep the four-year-old from banging on the door and trying to make her grand debut here. I went to Penn State, so go State. I'm definitely a Nittany Lion through and through. My career has largely been a long and winding road through the asset management business and the investment management industry. So right out of college, I spent a number of years working in investment banking.  And so I think that helps from a practitioner standpoint. I definitely did not come to this job from an academic standpoint. It's really more learning on the job and effectively kind of being street smart, if you will. So a long and winding road through the industry. And I think that gives me kind of an interesting and perhaps differentiated view of the world. Absolutely. And so today you sit as the chief investment strategist at PNC Bank. As we were talking beforehand,  institutional clients, so endowments, foundations, pension plans of all different sizes. We have an individual kind of wealth oriented private client business. And then we have an ultra high net worth family office business called Hawthorne. And so my purview is really to drive the asset allocation, both strategic and tactical for all three lines of business, as well as kind of publish on a fairly high frequency, trying to make sense of the insanity  really important because asset allocation is one of the most important decisions that people are going to end up making. Maybe talk a little bit from your perspective, the importance of asset allocation versus actual manager selection or individual security selection, and how you think almost top down from that asset allocation to the rest of the portfolio construction that goes on. Well, the asset allocation decision is a really, really important part of the portfolio management  recommendation to build around it to actually be able to support that. You know, you could have the greatest ideas in the world, but if you're not even close to being in the right ballpark in terms of the potential to generate the returns that a client might need to support their longer term goals and objectives, it's still kind of a failure. And so at the end of the day, we really do start by trying to identify and then more importantly, quantify that goal or objective. And then the asset allocation decision comes  construction team to make sure that when we put the asset allocation and the manager recommendations together that we don't end up with unintended exposures or consequences. Again, you could have the greatest asset allocation in the world and the greatest set of managers, but you could end up with really outsized exposures and things you are not looking for when you start putting a multi asset class portfolio together. So the portfolio construction piece of it is really important. I really think all three components  of a final directive as to here's the asset allocation, we're going to move forward for clients. Well, it's usually as simple as developing an investment policy statement. That's kind of a standard starting point, both from CFA Institute, so industry standard kind of guidance and recommendations, and also what we would do at PNC and through the investment strategy starting point. And so when you're looking at an investment policy statement, you're trying to understand  to that investment policy statement. And so when you think about the components of it, it's return objectives, it's risk tolerance, it's special or unique consideration. So in the case of an individual or an ultra high net worth family office type of relationship, sometimes there are big slugs of very low, if not zero cost basis stock in part of the portfolio. And so how do they want to address that? How do they want to handle that? And how should we be building a portfolio  We have a very different set of recommendations, both whether clients want to use public equities and public fixed income, or they want to consider using alternatives. So there's a lot of different flavors and a lot of different direction that we can take with it. We try to be really goals-based and highly customized. And so this is definitely not a one-size-fits-all approach. A lot of legwork up front. But then at the end of the day, we feel like that is really valuable conversation.  just with the hindsight benefit now of where we sit today in September of 2020, what's transpired from your position up till now? And then we could talk about moving forward. But these are some of the craziest markets that many people have navigated. And so how have you navigated those markets and what's changed from an asset allocation standpoint for the clients that you guys serve? So there's so much in that question. We could spend the entire time together.  over the course of 2019. And I'll just throw this out for fun. Like every year I try to assign a musical reference or a song of the year for the coming year. And so this is gonna sound insane now looking back on it, but there's still some truth to it. The song we picked for this year was the Grateful Dead's Truck-In. And so the idea really was that given all of what has gone on, the long strange trip  that start to make some changes at the margin because we felt like the cycle was getting pretty long in the tooth. And we thought that volatility was going to continue to pick up where there were a lot of headline risks, macro challenges around trade policy and that sort of thing. And so to try and get clients still comfortable with being fully invested, not overweight, but comfortably fully invested according to their investment policy statements and their strategic asset allocation,  Sadly, it was not in our 2020 outlook by any means. And so the world shifted pretty dramatically. The good news or bad news about it is I think there are only about three days in the midst of the record breaking down draft and then rally that anybody really had a shot at repositioning portfolios in a significant way. And so believe it or not, we stayed fully invested and rode right through it. Even though volatility as measured by the VIX hit  an asset bubble bursting or the kind of a typical or usual end to a cycle, we shut this thing down. And so in our view, we didn't think that there was a need to really pull the ripcord and de-risk. We've seen these things sadly play out before. The financial crisis is a good training ground for how big markets can whipsaw around events like this. And so we felt, given the strength coming into 2020, the fact that this is  remotely and I think something like half of GDP tied to states today is still in some form of pausing or readjusting their reopening plan. So we're definitely not back to normal and I would say we're definitely not back to normal. But some lessons that we have learned really so far and in this short period of time is that there's a real distinction between the haves and have-nots. Wall Street versus Main Street. So we've  a really significant, perhaps structural difference as a function of what has gone on since COVID began is really that the bigger likely to get bigger and that the growthy are likely to get growthier. And so what does that mean? It means that, you know, regardless of how long this environment persists, we think that the bigger names, the mega cap tech in particular, so the cues, which have garnered a ton of headlines lately are really likely  in a meaningful way. And so our view over the course of the summer shifted to be, wait a minute, this is not just a very short-term phenomenon. We think there's something to this. And so we did tactically shift away from small and mid-cap value in domestic markets specifically because of that. And when we think about small and mid-value, we're really looking at exposures that span the energy sector, the financial sector, REITs, and even parts of consumer discretionary  changed the game, critical. But it also has mass, at least on the fiscal side, it has also massed a lot of the underlying stresses that are only now starting to kind of show up in the system. And so we've seen a few bankruptcies, we've seen some default, but we really haven't seen a meaningful default cycle startup yet. And I think the longer this goes on, and the longer we are not able to get some form of fiscal stimulus going,  better in hindsight in terms of how you guys have navigated this. I think one of the big turning points, if you will, of what's transpired over the last six or seven months has been the intervention of the Fed. Obviously, we had that two emergency rate cuts that brought us to a zero rate environment. There's now guidance that will stay at that zero rate environment for the foreseeable future. We've had three plus trillion dollars from a quantitative easing standpoint,  around investment going up, at the same time, economic data maybe going down, those who don't have investment assets suffering. How do you just see the Federal Reserve, their role, and how that may have caused this bifurcated response from the market? Another doozy of a question. Absolutely. Let me start by saying, we're not going necessarily with a K-shaped recovery, although to your point, there definitely is a distinction between  shape symbol, the mass symbol square root shape. And this is the shape of the recovery that we actually coined back in, I think it was April. And the thought was really that, of course, we had seen that record breaking collapse in the market, those three short days with a flurry of activity. And then this, again, record breaking rally to near, if not all time highs, where we find ourselves today is really in that long horizontal bar.  It's one of the most challenging backdrops certainly in my career, perhaps in my lifetime and many others. And so there is this significant disconnect between where the market is sitting today and what the catalysts are to keep this rally going. Now, this is where the Fed comes into play in a huge way, because for as much as I'm saying I'm struggling to find a positive catalyst to keep this rally going, I'm also struggling to find meaningful negative catalysts where the  about that a little bit more. But without the Fed's intervention, taking policy rates to zero and basically being the $7 trillion backstop, the buyer of last resort, very, very active through a number of programs across most, if not all fixed income asset classes, we would be in a very different place today. So they changed the game in terms of liquidity. So basically when we shut down the global economy, we went into a liquidity drought.  massive intervention and wildly accommodative policy, it has done wonders to calm fixed income markets. So for as much as I'm saying, well, we got a lot of volatility on the equity side of the equation, and it's going to get bumpier. If you look at the VIX, the fear gauge, or the volatility index, it's pretty elevated into the end of this year. If you're looking at the futures curve for the VIX, and you might say, oh, well, it's  It's a sense of calm in fixed income markets. We're seeing volatility there, basically near all time lows. The Fed has really solved things on the fixed income side from a volatility standpoint. What we're finding is much more challenging now is really price discovery and distinguishing between winners and losers because there's this unlimited backstop. Again, Fed changed the game, superhero cape and share pal. What they did in  interest rate backdrop. And so we're entering this weird paradigm, weird again, technical term, we're entering this weird paradigm where fixed income positioning isn't going to do much for you in a growth starve and yield starve world. You're not expecting to see a lot of meaningful returns out of fixed income going forward. Not expecting to see a lot of yield either. And if fixed income, which should be the safe haven or the ballast in the portfolio starts experiencing some outside  want inflation to run hot, but if you look at the bond markets, they're just not signaling or flashing signs of yields getting ready to rip higher, nor inflation ripping higher either here. And then even when you look at Fed funds futures, so out to say like January of 2022, the market is still effectively pricing some downward pressure. It's really sitting at zero out that far and on any given  And then, two, you started to talk a little bit about inflation, but part of this zero rate and  broader investment community of the challenges around this. I'm the first one to admit that diversification, though it may be a very well thought out thesis, has not actually ruled the day for the lion's share of the past cycle and certainly for periods of what we've experienced this year. I think at the end of the day, you kind of have to look at it from a multi-pronged approach. So the asset allocation story can only get you so far.  kind of balanced asset allocation really should be like going forward. At the same time, I struggle with saying, well, 80-20 is the answer, or even 90-10, or 100% equities, given more valuations are sitting. So it's a very, very challenging time for investors, and especially those that, like on the institutional side in particular, we find this very, very challenging because they're trying to support operating budgets. There's regulatory  other more creative ways to perhaps step back from fixed income and consider hedge fund strategies that may have more defensive characteristics or private market investments that again can throw off some yield and some cash but are not kind of subject to the whims of public equity market and pricing volatility to try and gain some of that ballast back. And so there is no silver bullet by any means. The other piece of it that can  So not backing up the truck in energies, EPE, REIT, the better that we talked about earlier, that is another way to potentially add value in a very low return environment. So you really have to come at it from a bunch of different angles. And at the end of the day, set expectations upfront because clients can be like, oh yeah, I want that 7.5% return, but they may not be able to sleep at night with the bouncing around that that portfolio might take. So I hear you, I'm all in on it.  at November and saying, this has many implications. For this conversation, let's just focus on the financial markets and kind of what can happen there. There will be plenty of people who want to debate tax implications and kind of social implications and all that. We'll leave that for another conversation. But from a financial market standpoint, one, just historical context wise, do you guys put any weight into, there's plenty of studies that come out and show kind of the 90 days leading into  markets hate uncertainty, no surprise there. And so historically speaking, markets tend to prefer kind of the certainty from outcomes that are allegedly pro-growth or at least pro-business oriented, or as an alternative markets prefer gridlock because it's really the checks and balances that come with a divided government that tend to prevent more extreme and uncertain outcomes. And that really is where we get into a place where the market has trouble  all one way or all the other. There's really not likely to be much of a middle ground. With Biden getting the nomination and then Kamala Harris getting the VP nomination, this is a much more moderate approach. And so even when you think about the day that Kamala Harris got the nomination, the market kind of snooze, another technical term, right? The market yawned. It was almost in a relevant news headline that day. And I think that's really kind of  If that were to occur in terms of guideposts, you're totally right. There are a lot of different things that can be looked at to try and gauge or game, you know, how the outcome of the election may play out. Polling data has been notoriously bad. That's gotten a lot of press and a lot of discussion. So that's not something that we focus on as a key guidepost, but it's something to be mindful of. So it's kind of swirling around in the back  So 43% odds for Biden winning, 30% for the Dems winning. The Senate and the sweep, I think was down in the neighbor of 20 or 25%, something like that. So big shift in terms of expectation in the betting odds. I think my caveat to that would be it's kind of surprising that it's not even more significant, just given all of what has transpired since February. But if you just looked at the betting odds, that would be signaling a change in control.  indicators and metrics or are they going to blame COVID or other forces for this and kind of give him a pass. But if you just look purely at the economic data here, just at face value, this would also suggest a change in control. So kind of very unusual and we'll see kind of how this starts to play out as we move closer to the election. Of course, the market though is also a predictor. So again, you got to look at this from a bunch of different angles,  that Hillary was going to be a landslide. Well, the market was not suggesting that. The market was down and really the market had it correct. So from August 3rd or so forward, if we're assuming November 3rd is election day, the market is down. And so the market indeed is another guidepost that is suggesting a change in control. Now, I don't want to go on record as saying this is definitely how it's going to play out, but it's a very interesting election cycle  So we got a piece of data that can have such kind of diverse outcomes, right? In terms of COVID was, there's maybe a week or two weeks where it got really serious, but again, it was still over a two week period. It wasn't just like one day COVID's not here, next day COVID's here, right? And kind of that type of very sharp market reaction. Yeah. And I think here that definitely happens on an election. And so from an asset allocation standpoint, do you basically go into the election  Great question. And our clients have been asking this a lot lately, no surprise. And my answer is we never want to make grand or sweeping portfolio changes around a binary event because it's so easy and the odds are very high that you're going to be on the wrong side of that outcome. And so our best advice is really to maintain a well-diversified portfolio into through around binary events, but take stock of what the exposures are in your  the data has started to l course of the summer, we'r a resurgence in western e the potential for the covid h higher here in a more s And so at the end of the d is much more critical to t of policy changes coming o  of a slower, longer drawn out process in our view. And so I think that will help to calm equity markets in particular, but just public markets in general, if we were to get a change in control. Some of the things that we're thinking about though, I can talk through. So the biggie if Trump were to stay in control and get reelected is what happens on the trade policy front. If you think back to 2018 and even 2019,  So we got a handshake agreement, if you will, pre-COVID at the end of 2019. That was a very welcome sigh of relief that that effectively was now in the rear view mirror and the market charted a path higher. So we're starting to see that rhetoric pick up again. And so to the extent that he gets reelected, we think that will be a key focal point and he will take a much harder line stance. And I think that will be something that the market is looking for.  negative for emerging markets. We do have exposure to emerging markets. We continue to like emerging markets. We think it's one of the most, if not most attractive equity asset classes across the globe. They've handled COVID on a relatively better basis. I'm not talking China necessarily, just all of emerging markets has done a collectively better job. So they've entered it in exit at first. They've seen a second wave. It's been very mild.  very comfortable with emerging market positioning, but to the extent that that trade story started to rear its ugly head again, it could be a very significant headwind for our emerging market allocations. On the Democrat side, the biggest taxes. At the end of the day, that is the thing that we're most concerned about with a Biden win and a Dem sweep in particular. We've done some back of the envelope calculations based on what he has proposed so far.  he were to institute tax increases of this magnitude very early in the year. Boy, that is a big headwind for earnings growth that is next to none, right, at one or two percent. And so as goes the path of earnings, so goes the markets. That's a mantra that we say over and over again. And so it's not our base case again, because we think the COVID story will trump pun intended the tax hike story there. But it is something that we're watching very  usual suspects. I don't know that there's anything here really revolutionary. The big one that's been talked about a lot is really big tech, likely to be under scrutiny regardless of who wins. The winners are always having the targets on their backs. And so at the end of the day, what is the regulatory backdrop going to look like for mega cap tech and Silicon Valley? We think it's probably more noise than news, but it's definitely something we are keeping our eye on.  point of view as to whether it's a winner or a loser. So very, very different kind of bifurcated outcomes, depending on who wins. Clearly regulations and restrictions have come down very significantly under the current administration. But Biden supports the new, the Green New Deal. He supports ending oil and gas drilling on federal lands. He supports a recommitment to the Paris Agreement on climate change. And so for our ESF,  with eight Supreme Court justices. And there is this kind of election result that is called into question by either side or even maybe both sides. It feels like there's this underpinning of that is a possibility, maybe not probable, but a possibility with mail-in voting and all that kind of stuff. And we end up in a situation where there's like a locked Supreme Court ruling. What happens? And obviously I don't think that's ever occurred before. So it's kind of,  to a kind of record-breaking correction level that what we saw earlier in the year, again, with all the stimulus sitting in the system, that is going to provide some underlying level of support that wasn't there when COVID kicked off. But I do think that the market will struggle mightily with that uncertainty. At the end of the day, what matters the most is does it impact the outcome, impact the trajectory of earnings growth? Does it impact the trajectory of economics?  welcomed it after the exhaustion that was the rally off the bottom in April. And I think we very well could see that again, just given where positioning is in sort of the hedging and trading kind of world and where volatility in the fear gauge is sitting, I think it's very likely that we could see a correction. But at the end of the day, I think it would be more of a technical one and short lived as long as the fundamental backdrop kind of stayed intact based on where  and  crypto world back in 2017. And then really after that massive rally in terms of pricing and the crash, the idea that it just didn't go away, that it didn't just vaporize itself after that crash from an all-time high, it really has been on the radar ever since then. Trying to get an understanding of what is going on here and what is the potential path forward. I'll give you some thoughts about how we  strategy that invests in global infrastructure. And part of their thesis is hedging around some currency exposures depending on the country. And so it was just the right exposure that we were looking for. And even though the hedging part of it is really not something that is in keeping with how we think about the world, we've offloaded that to them to do. So if they think they can add value there or at least provide balance than a hedging currency approach,  active currency traders. And I think to do this right and to do this efficiently and have any shot at adding value, you really do have to be very active in terms of trading. So that's kind of key point one. The other point of it is if you think about cryptocurrency as more of a store of value, then we would equate that as being more like digital gold. And at the end of the day, why would you own gold? It's really for inflation.  of thinking about how it fits into a portfolio and what its role might actually be. I know you talked to Kramer not that long ago about having, well, why don't you just throw a 1% allocation into a portfolio? No big deal, right? 1%. But if you think about the size of our asset base, we're somewhere in the neighbor of $150 billion in assets under management. So that moves around as the market moves around, but we effectively become  I'm not going to AT&T at all. This is just a hypothetical example. It's just really too small at this stage to try to incorporate it into a portfolio in an efficient way and then in a meaningful way. 1% of anything doesn't really move the needle for better or worse. And so we tend to try to take larger positions and portfolios, whatever exposure we're trying to gain access to, then just kind of 1%.  that we're playing in from an asset allocation and investment strategy standpoint. I think longer term, I'm all in on the idea. So I'm a big fan. I'm watching from afar, but I'm definitely a big fan here. I think it will continue to gain traction. Again, as people start to come around to the idea of, is it usable currency? Is it a store of value? What kind of role? How do we define it? Where does it sit in a portfolio context? I know traders love it.