 I'm here. That's what you do. This guy just bang bang. You want to try it? That's what Eddie does. What? Who's Eddie? This guy here who does like I'm starring podcast after this and that's what he does. Bang bang. Well, he has to pay royalties on that. Who was doing first? Me, obviously. You just hit us with bang bang real quick. No, I won't do that. I'm not going to do other people's shticks. All right. Let's just start with the  because you know anybody who says otherwise is a liar and you shouldn't trust them. So I love gambling and I was looking for something to do. I mean I had bought a couple stocks way back when so I had a neat trade account I think with Twitter in it and that's it. So I just started trading couple stocks made a I didn't start with the live stream. I put on a suit pretended it was you know my own Wall Street's like oh this is interesting and people gravitated towards it right away and I'm in the content business first and foremost. So it's like okay  the generic gambler at heart and the stock market is no different if you treat it that way. Right. So, you know, Davey Pageview is like, that's the name from way back. Like I can get Pageview for anything. That's what I used to call myself. And it really was, I was all content. Like that's all I did. Maybe like a little business, but once really with the churning deal and moving forward, I do a lot more on the business side. I don't have nearly as much time for the content, which I missed to a degree, but quarantine  Would you do that deal again? Yeah, I mean turning It's such a interesting answer because and it's no different than the pen deal to the great There were no other offers like nobody and anybody who was interested the conversations were quickly shut down Because I wasn't I was making a lot of money that maybe it like personally correct I was making seven figures and our company was doing well and I was making more than I ever thought and so I had no aspirations that shall  You know, it wasn't a wedding registry that's safe. There was some element of risk there. So was the valuation extremely low? Yes. Was the first offer Mike Kearns made to me insulting? Yes. Was in hindsight, it was the first one. I think 7 million. 7 million valuation. Yeah. And you had them all the way up to 15. It was like 12 and a half. All right. But to be fair, like that's pretty good negotiating on your part. Mike's no pushover when negotiating. Well, I think he went so low.  And if you like it either we have two data points you also did with call her daddy same thing correct Here's the price take their leave and we had a little sticking point with To be honest the pen deal and it's like there's I needed to turn into anti something up and what was it? I can't get into the details, but it got testy and I There was one call at one point where it's like well, we split it want to do this It's like I don't think you're here. It's like I'll walk away from everything  Nobody made it on. Like why are they scared of you? Are they scared of the content? Are they scared of just the perception and the controversy? I think there were two major factors scared of me controversy. A B we had worked with them for a while. So I think they kind of thought, Hey, we've gotten everything out of barstool. We've gotten their audience. The two you guys in a way built those companies. I would say absolutely. Okay. Explain that a little. So we were working with the daily fantasy companies before  because we do these contracts and pit, fandule, draft kings first each other and highest bidder and they go back as a war because they were so effective. Now- Did you take the equity? Did not take the equity. Why? The main reason was I couldn't, I was so focused with Barcel and there was, I thought there's going to be too much going on where I sit in the room and I didn't totally understand it, but it's like I didn't envision wanting to sit in a room every week and have these meetings. Like I was concentrating on Barcel.  football game now and there's 10 commercials. Do you pay attention to any of them? Probably not. So I don't think any of the companies we're meeting with realized, well, when we're odd or acquired or focus our energy just on one company, what will happen? It changes the game, the narrative, everything. So I think they underestimate that. I think they were a little bit scared, but they could have gotten us fan dual specifically and could have gotten us for far cheaper, I think, than Pended, to be honest.  like a quarter million or something like that. No big deal. Did he buy you dinner? No, we haven't. He has offered. He has offered. But you just didn't go. I don't know that churning's given me anything. Like not even like maybe a thank you card, a couple of nice emails maybe. I like those guys, but they haven't. I don't think they, like, they're waiting. They're waiting till you make them a billion. And they made a great job. Give me as a call. You return a nine gazillion. That was a unicorn investment for them. Okay.  other stuff and put it through the distribution. You mean here with like Penn? With Penn. Well, we couldn't never start our own sports book. We'd never get licensed. We'd never get access. All that shit would just never happen. So you needed the partner to do it. You needed the partner and they were the perfect partner. And again, it is a question I get asked a lot. But when you're in our shoes and I've been fucking grinding at this thing for 17 years, you know, I made money, but it's all relative. Like I obviously have done well, but  build it up. I always thought sports gambling, it's how we started. The second the legislation in the United States changed to make it legal, I'm like, okay, this is our moment. And we spent close to a year trying to figure out the best fit. And Penn was by far and away the best partner that presented itself from Jay Snowden, who I love, the CEO, to them understanding what we do and having faith and believing in it. It was almost a no brainer. I mean, we named our price.  It was like, it was 55, 45. 55 cash or stock? 55 stock, 45. And that's different for me. It's like the Barstool people are different than the Churnip. Yeah. So, I mean, it was a great deal. Now, when the stock goes up and bumps pre-corona, you know, it's like, oh, we should dump, we just made them a gazillion dollars in 10 seconds because Wall Street reacted obviously super favorably to the deal. And that's when the other companies we met with, who I like, like I obviously it's like the  actually really like the fan guys, the ones running it. It's like if they made an offer that was competitive, it's like, okay, we can win with these guys. I feel like everyone in the gambling, sports fantasy world are people like Barstool, right? Like the type of person is so similar. So the people who are running those companies, there's a very cultural fit with what you guys have done. Ooh, maybe not. Not at the top. Okay. That's different. Yeah, maybe down below, but that's why we're going to be like, I've met with them on, they don't, they're, they're not like how bad does this get in the  get one cable company in your house. Other than that, there'll be multiple players like FanDuel and DraftKings are not going anywhere. We're different. Like those two to me are one of those. I don't know what will happen to those. They're identical companies to me. They're both out of the daily fantasy, the big databases. They're going to try to win with offers and plays. No one cares. No one's going to wear a FanDuel hat or a DraftKings as much as they try. That's never going to happen. But they're going to be there. We  So much  Yeah, it's uh, hold on before we talk about the stock stuff you guys launched the sports book in Pennsylvania this past weekend You outperform downloads for all the other ones Did you guys have to spend money to drive that or is that all organic just putting it through the dish organic? Which to me which is the big advantage that you guys have. Yeah, so that is the story and that's why Even the way they did this release if they can't tell me like the press release and all that I feel like they should talk to me because I'm Understand marketing. I feel like better than they do  And the other companies are five miles in and we're just starting. There's no other company in the world who could have that dent with $0 spent. We didn't spend a cent. So. How, and when you guys go to market this, how much is this just you send a message to everyone here and you're like, Hey, we're launching this, like, you know, go promote it versus it's specifically like, okay, we're going to promote on this show. We're going to promote it on this show. Like how should teaching us? It's pretty just promote it. However, like you see fit. And that's what it looks like, which makes it, which makes it so much more valuable.  some people don't, but Pennsylvania was as encouraging, I think, as we could possibly expect it to be. And like the stock offering thing, again, it's like we're not, unless I'm being strictly lied to, which I know I'm not, that's money is not going to people's hands or using it as it was, I said, to give me like guns, ammunition, so we can start spending. So I feel like this is external looking in, if somebody just gives you a camera and says, go live stream, you'll  Honestly, that's all. Yeah, that's a great answer though. Yeah, that's all a finance thing like who's in control. I know this. Like if those two combined, it doesn't matter. It's the same company who cares. They probably have a very similar. They tried already. And they have a very similar database. It's like, I guarantee you almost everybody who has Fandool has DraftKings and vice versa in their shopping lines. So we are a very different thing. We combine with one of those, the other one's dead. So I like that position and it could happen down the world. And then you look at things like MGM, Grant.  suits and whatnot. I've never heard of Penn ever until like a lot of their properties were different names. Like I heard of Penn national like casino. I knew the Tropicana, which is a dump, which they had owned at the time, but like, I never knew what they are. Go ask people now who Penn is. It's like, everybody knows, everybody knows. Suddenly it's like you look at the casino groups. That's all Barstool. Um, it's funny because I know I'm underpaid again. Like I was underpaid with churn and I realized I didn't. How did you structure the deal now that  I don't think that's the case.  straightforward and as long as you're back to me, we'll never have a problem. And I would never do a deal with Jay or turn in if I thought that was going to be an issue. But our business strangely enough is so dependent on the content, whatever it literally when the ultimate card and I'm, I am crazy enough to walk like I love money. I know, I know. But it's like on principle, if you're like, okay. You to be honest from afar, if there was ever a, okay,  Probably, probably. But it boils down to, when I say it, it's like honesty and being straightforward. And you may not like it, but I would never go into business with somebody who I didn't have the vibe. Like, I don't care if I, it's not whether I like something or don't like something. It's whether I feel like you're being deceitful or misleading. That's where I'd be like, no, you said that. I remember the churning deal, there was like 50,  better fucking honor it or else I will walk. And you do the same in return. Totally. Right. Okay. All right. So over the last couple of months, you've been yelling and screaming all kinds of crazy shit. Like stocks only go up. Right. Now, hold on. But most people think Dave Portnoy is an idiot. He doesn't know what he's talking about. He knows nothing about finance, blah, blah, whatever. You've actually been right. You don't know why you've been right probably, but you're actually right. And the reason why it only goes up is because they're literally just creating fucking money. So I want to, exactly. So that's what I want to talk about. That was like kind of insulting that you said  But whatever but you're right right and so like talk just about the experience of all these people in Susan Todd yelling and screaming Dave Forner doesn't know he's talking about One you've been right to your right structurally and three There's no end in sight for them to stop doing this shit, right? And I mean if you look long-term the only one thing I have said was like if you're an old person whatever and you need to get your money out you're more careful, but if you're If you can wait if you're 25 if you're gonna out wait the stock market You can always out wait the stock market and always go up doesn't matter how far down it goes  They're playing into the game. Correct. You want to talk shit. They the way that you talk shit is not actually talk shit. They basically like throw these little intellectual zingers and you're just like, yeah, let's just full on. Let's just go at it. And for any time I'm on TV or mentioned, it's good. I mean, as crazy as it really when it exploded was when I start making fun of Warren Buffett, but the financial community and there may be by the way, you're not wrong with his performance. He has to beat the S&P over the last 90 years old.  Literally, I did this big rant and like five minutes later Warren Buffett comes out with a press release It's like we're getting out of the airlines at the bottom of the market correct And it was literally I said go in on airlines two seconds later. He says get out. Do you think he was watching the livestream? I I Wonder if he actually knows who I am I doubt it but so after that Stock the airlines went ballistic. Yeah parabolic is the crypto people like to say and then you know that uh one of my business partners He's got Jason Williams. Yeah. Yeah, I know  didn't want to talk about it.  8 look at that 890 when'd you buy it? So I bought it at I think 14 it went to 19 I sold it at 16. Oh, so you made money then about even down it What well Bitcoin you want to see this? Bitcoin is a in my mind just one big Ponzi scheme. Okay. Why the 2017 video you have by the way Bitcoin Marty says hello set  and money and they're set. I mean, I can't get it. The stock market, you know, I say it always goes up. It's like that 45 degree angle. Correct. Since 1971, direct 45 degree angle, a couple of drops, whatever, but it's straight up. That's because it's denominated in dollars. They're just devaluing the dollar, right? Stocks go up. If you denominate that same stock market in gold, the stock market is down since 1971. It's all, the stock market is a complete scam in terms of accruing value. It's all the dollar being devalued. So it goes straight up 45 degree angle. But if you denominate it in ounces of gold,  many of the prices are expensive and you have a lot of money so you could buy it. Same thing in the digital world is there are some things that are just scarce and if those things end up having a large community that wants them, what ends up happening? The price goes up. So Bitcoin's only got 21 million obviously and the whole thing behind it is the strongest computing power in the world. So literally the computer network that runs Bitcoin is stronger than anything in the world. No government, nobody can hack it because it is the strongest computing network in the world. It's got more computing power on it than anything else. The reason why that's so important  remember what happened today with Penn where they just all sudden all these new shares, right? You're like, fuck, what the hell? Like I had no say in this. That's basically what the federal reserve does. So earlier this year, they printed three plus trillion dollars. You didn't get a vote. I didn't get a vote. We just fuck. Okay. Whatever cash you have. So let's say you're worth 200 mil and let, I don't know, $30 million in cash, right? That $30 million of cash. If you leave it in cash, it's going to be worth less next year, worth less next year, right? Cause the purchasing power goes down. And so what ends up happening is you're financially incentivized to get out of the dollar  is because nobody can fuck with it. And that's why the Bitcoiners are so like rabid about it. It doesn't matter what anybody says, what you think, I think, anybody, nobody can fuck with it. And because it's like that on the internet and globally everyone's subjected to the same rules, it continues to accrue value. Because people realize, wait a second, they're fucking with the dollar, they're fucking with the Euro, they're fucking with the end, the RMB, whatever. But the only thing you can't fuck with is Bitcoin. And so as that keeps going, you should just take 1 to 5% of your  But basically the whole idea is every four years the amount of Bitcoin that shows up every day it's cut in half So it used to be 50 Bitcoin a day or 50 Bitcoin every 10 minutes Then it was 25 Bitcoin every 10 minutes and 12 and a half now it's at 6.25 that just happened in May it got cut in half again Every time that that's happened the next 18 months Bitcoin's gone up an incredible amount because it's a supply shock, right? It's like think of it as if we all wanted something and then is it like 10,500  You lost it? Yeah, that was another part. It's like I don't I don't like having the whole shit like keychains and weird and like Marty how much how much did you have? Probably like 50 grand Marty like had to do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah He helped you and then he gave it he gave you the gave me something with the weirdest. You lost like yeah, it's gone. Okay So I lost that but I'd be down on that and that was what 2017? Yeah, but you got to remember but you got to understand that  our stock got tanked today, I can do a direct line to we did the stock offering. I know why, but, or earnings are in, I don't, like, I think a lot of this bullshit, I think the day to day, like, but I understand. It's like, almost like watching a sports game, like, all right, my team lost. I bet them minus two, they lost by three, I lose my money. Bitcoin, I have no fucking, like, there's no rationale. Why is it going up? I have no idea why it's going up or down. Think of like a technology company, right? When Barstool first started, actually, it was a great idea. You didn't have a stock price.  that there's a price associated with it. So what you're seeing is you're seeing all that incredible volatility. But like imagine if Uber the first couple of years. What is that? What is that based on emotion right now? Well, it's price discovery, right? So think if you think of the people are buying and selling Bitcoin to me. Did you hear about this guy? Mike microstrategy what he did? I saw that my travels, but I didn't like research it, but it was popping up like on his $500 million on his balance sheet publicly traded company over  right every time. They're all fucking full of shit. Well, whoever, right? They're all full of shit. The absolute best investors in the world, right? 55% to 60% of the time. But they only put trades on where it's like, I can lose 10% or I can make 20 times my money, right? So asymmetric in their favor that they're willing to take kind of the losses 45% of the time because the 55% of the time they're right, it just pays for it in spits, right? So what you want to do is create a portfolio of assets that have asymmetry, right? So Penn stock has a  ends up happening is if Penn stocks down, that doesn't necessarily mean that Bitcoin is up or down. There's just no correlation. Although Bitcoin lately seems to be tied to what's going on in the stock market. Good observation. So in liquidity crisis, since March, basically, the reason why the Fed pumped so much money in is because everyone fucking panics and says, I need cash. To me, what my original gut was, if you asked me before, this would be beneficial to Bitcoin, but it hasn't been. It's the best performing asset this year.  But Bitcoin is the most volatile. And so it dropped 50% a single day earlier this year. Scares the shit out of people. But then when everything goes up, it just goes up more than everything else. And it doubly scares the shit out of people, I think. And part of my, I know what you're saying, what, Sakashi or whatever the fuck this guy is in this? There's nobody counting. I'm an accountability guy. So like, Nicola, that guy was a fraud. And he's like, I like knowing, even if you stole my money, I like knowing who stole it.  there's an unease and maybe it's I also have a like I don't put my toe in the water. Yeah, I generally like