 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Eric here with me. Thanks so much for doing this, man. I'm so excited to be here. Thanks for having me. Bang, bang. Very few people ever hit me back with the bang, bang. That's good. They're not ready for it. Let's just jump into your background. I know we're spending a bunch of time talking about the book that you recently released. But for those that don't know who you are, maybe just give us kind of a quick summary of your background and then what you do as  who was really big and started learning more and more about the tech world and have been in startups for the last kind of 10 years or so. Actually like half dropped out and then ended up getting a degree, but in the process like join Zarlie. And so I've been there for 10 years, ups and downs and back and forth and a couple of pivots and different business models. And we're now kind of building a marketplace for home services, like a managed marketplace, vertically integrates kind of all the way through, but a true marketplace.  and take the next step on with that? Like this project just came up. And so this has been the last like three years for me. So it's really interesting because I think that you've got a job every day that you go to work and you think about technology and product and distribution and kind of building a business there. And then you were also writing on the blog. What was that process like? So before you ever think about doing a book, was it something where the writing made you better at your day job? Your day job kind of gave you content for writing, like talk a little bit  I get thousands of responses. Um, over time, I got thousands of responses and as a mailing list built up at first, it was just like a trickle, trickle, trickle. But the things that you get at the most of, um, you read and you dive into, it's kind of this crowd sourced, amazing material. And so I read all of that and we listen to it, synthesize it, um, do my best to write kind of a like 10 to 15 minutes synthesis. So like, here's the big ideas. Uh, here's the things that conflict that I could do with it. Um, and then I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm  an audience that was counting on me to publish something. It really increased the bar that I held myself to for what I was learning. I was writing book reports on business concepts and how to build teams and how to build growth strategies and fundamentals of business. Value creation and value capture are still some of the most popular posts. One of the things that's interesting for what you end up doing with the book is you basically were taking in immense amounts of information.  all doing that to some extent now, right? Like we're all drinking from the fire hose every day. We're following hundreds or thousands of people. We got new content jammed in our face all the time. And so there's like ability to curate and figure out what to pay attention to and what not to is something we're all having to learn really quickly. It's interesting. I kind of like fell backwards into this theme of curation. I'm a little bit of like a digital hoarder. And so my pocket is like, if it could overflow, it would be overflowing. It's enormous. It takes two minutes to load. And every time I pull it up,  And, um, I can, I upped my skillset and like become, you know, better at my job, better at writing. And so this is part of my, my process and having an audience and a product that you're trying to work towards as a final piece that you have to publish and put your name on. Like really, you know, it's skin in the game. Like it makes you kind of up your game and work harder at it and put in more reps. And, um, it's funny to see the theme kind of evolve now. And I'm like, Oh, I guess just curation from an enormous like pile  and show you what's going on out there. I was like, okay, awesome. And then as he continued to grow and evolve and share different stuff, I was learning new things and talks that he gave at Pando Daily back in the day and now podcasts, interviews and stuff. I had learned so much, but it was all slowly over time. And I found myself recommending his resources to people more and more. And I think Nivel would say this about that, or this is a problem that Nivel had talked about before.  for others than I thought, you know, we should get this into a more evergreen kind of medium. That's going to be easier to hand off. It's going to be easier on-ramp for people who are new to these ideas. So obviously, Nabil had a huge impact on you just as he has many, many people. And I think part of the attraction for people to him is it's not just business advice, right? It's kind of this idea of there's business advice, there's life advice, there's kind of self evaluation advice, there's happiness.  So I just kind of shorthand it to Novalmanac and people either get it or they don't, but I'm cool with that. I love that. All right. So let's talk just about, at what point do you actually decide, Hey, I'm going to write a book. Was it actually the original idea to do a book? And then kind of let's go through your process because you took a lot of information and got it down to something that's pretty compelling. Yeah, for sure. So I started kind of in a whirlwind.  So I tweeted out, uh, if I made the book of novology, compiling some transcripts and some tweets, like, would you guys be into that? You know, and I, I didn't have a huge following and this was probably, you know, 10,000 people or whatever. And I, you know, this is 10 o'clock at night. I tweeted that out, went to bed. I woke up and novile had retweeted it and 5,000 people replied to this poll and we're like, hell yeah, we want that. Like, here we go. Um, and so it was kind of instant, like public commitment, instant validation, instance, uh,  And then immediately people started kind of checking in on the project and DMing me and saying like, Hey, when's this going to be ready? When's this going to be ready? And three months in, I had like collected this huge pile of stuff. I had, you know, this back catalog of his tweets is 20,000 tweets and a giant spreadsheet. And, you know, just building this list of sources that's going and going and going. And the more you find the more you're like, Oh my God, there's so much gold here, especially kind of the deeper you go back. And then you start categorizing things. And so I would build kind of, um, I went through the tweets first and it was really interesting  You see him shift towards how to live a good life, about philosophy, share more of the principles around what he did to build AngelList. You see this pattern in a lot of biographies and things that you read of people who change their focus over life. Even Farnham Street started out very, very business investing focused and transitioned more into, this is how you live a good life. This is how you build strong relationships. This is how you find peace.  That's where their focus is to be more present, to be with their family, something like that.  I wrote the author's note. Every other word as close as I could possibly get it edited for readability is from Naval in his own words. And it was really a lot more like doing a jigsaw puzzle than it was writing. There's so many times I was like, I wish I could just edit the sentence. I wish I could just clarify. I want to write here. I wanted to just change the words, but you can't alter the piece. You just have to find the right place for it. And we were kind of figuring out what the right  so that you could really easily reference it, go back for specific ideas, you know, check in on things and use it kind of over and over again, because you can really power through it in a first read. But also like once those seeds are planted, you're going to want to keep coming back and get refreshed on the ideas and reapply them. So this past weekend, I now they ordered the hardcover book, whichever one should go do and we'll get to that in a second. But also, I downloaded the PDF and I started reading, I was telling you that  that have already consumed this stuff, yet there's still some value here and kind of writing it down the way you did. And to talk about how you thought of like the value for the reader and what they'll get out of this one when they consume the book. Yeah, I think it's a totally different experience to kind of consume a series of podcasts than it is to go really deep on one specific topic. You know, this was kind of, this is the thesis of Evergreen too, right? Like you can read one article a week about network effects and one article a week about how  categorization and it goes into how to actually apply it. And then it goes into kind of examples like the real estate industry or contractors about how to apply leverage to your own business that you really start to kind of fully kind of picture the idea and figure out how you start seeing that pattern now in real life. So it's, you know, the, the find an idea of like learning the name of something versus really like learning the system of it. My, my goal here was to provide so much context on the key ideas and so much depth and so much clarity that we really kind of  of separates this from some of the more casual kind of like dabbling in these ideas. It's really easy to do on social media or podcasts. Talk a little bit about some of your favorite parts of the book, right? And so ultimately this is kind of the best of the best content from the ball. What sticks out in your mind if somebody was to say, you know, name your two or three most favorite things after having spent so much time and really kind of obsessing over every word that he's ever said. Yeah, I think leverage and accountability are my two  you have to be willing to take on the downside. If you take on the debt to start a new business, you are personally taking accountability for that. It doesn't mean you have to take risk. It doesn't mean you have to actually find the riskiest thing that you can do. The advice to go take risk is actually quite dangerous. The advice that you are accountable for the risk that you take and you have to very carefully manage that risk, that idea is baked into accountability, which is a piece of nuance that I thought  doesn't cost anyone, well, maybe YouTube, but more to serve it to a hundred million people than it does to a hundred. And so if you create a great video, the meritocracy of the internet will take over and you can have incredibly outsized returns by using this kind of productized leverage that's out there. So those are two on the well side on the happiness side. You know, there's a lot of kind of little habits in there and things that he recommends and pieces of philosophy that he pulls in. But really that all starts with realizing  positive interpretations. And when you do everyone around you and you are better off for it, but no one can choose that for you. You have to choose it for yourself. Um, and so it is a, you have to kind of zoom all the way out to get back to this tiny little choice and this tiny little thing that we all have, but it's kind of a core core piece and just reminding yourself of that as often as you possibly can, can be really transformative thing for your, for your mindset and your mood and, and everything just kind of comes easier when you remember that like, it doesn't have to be  And then when I had all this material in front of me, I was like, Oh my God, this is, this is huge. I'm going to make a 600 page version of it. I'm going to cover every category. This is going to be poor Charlie's Almanac. Maybe I should just build like a tool that actually allows for live updating. And it's more of kind of like a blogs thing that it would be, have to be like a little transformed because it's not about whatever's newest. It's about the best ideas and how you combine them all. So there was a lot of kind of, um, creative crossroads along the way. I wasn't sure if I should be writing about Nuball or Nuball or Nuball or Nuball.  I don't even know what this thing is supposed to be. Is it going to be a blog? Is it going to be a book? How are we going to get there from here? And he's like, don't overthink it. It's a book. Just get back to work. Keep making it a book. I was like, okay. That actually clears up a lot. It just took the right person to slap me and get me back on the road. And now all of a sudden I'm making progress again. The other big thing was just how comprehensive should it be? My first draft of this manuscript was  And so I was kind of a go figure, right? Like everybody wants to be wealthy and happy. And so that was kind of the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the  kind of feedback on the first, first manuscript was so key to get me through some of the, some of the things that, um, was hard to see past what I was interested in and, and learn kind of what other people would want to see in it. Yeah. It feels like you've had this, um, very intimate experience where you're like spending all day with, uh, the thoughts of somebody, uh, and obviously it being the ball is, um, it is cool and valuable, but how do you think you've changed just from spending that much time  more than 20 times in the course of building this thing over three years. There's hundreds and hundreds of hours into this of just sitting with this material and picking up a piece and trying to totally understand it and figure out what else it relates to. I almost feel guilty at how many things I'm sure I adopted as my own in this process that I'm like, this is now my idea, but it definitely came from this process and this book. But I think we are all doing that. We are all standing  You don't have time to do that with very many people in your life to study an idea that deeply or a person that deeply. And I'm very grateful that it was a very luck-based thing that this became the book that I was working on. I tweet dumb stuff all the time. This one just happened to turn into a book. And I'm very lucky that this agreed with so much of what I wanted to know and what I wanted to learn. It would have been hard to sit with three years  something out of it. And I think many people love it, but I'm also, would not be disappointed in the time invested if all it did was change me and teach me things. So that leads me to one of the more interesting decisions that you made is everything is available for free, unless you want a hardcover version. And so this is my plug for you in that everyone listening should go read for free on the internet, but also buy a hardcover version like I did simply just as a thank you, I think really  my ethos, I didn't understand exactly all of the reasons why that was so important until actually this week. So publishing this week and getting hundreds of tweets and DMs and emails from people all over the world who don't have access to Amazon or to the Kindle store or whatever. Like I didn't even realize how difficult it was for them to get their hands on some of these things, like pay, pay like a side.  of times already. So it is clear that it adds value to people. I think enough people are going to kind of share this and appreciate it. And there's a lot more to kind of do around these ideas. But really, Naval has given all of this, you know, these lessons away. I'm very happy to kind of add my curatorial efforts to it and pay that forward, you know, the best I can. And plenty of people are going to want to buy the book or we made it  If you're going to go spend three years of your life, it would have to be somebody that meets that same quality bar. I'm not going to just throw a random name out there and then you go go do it. If you, if you think of it, you send it, you send it to me. I'm not going to rule it out, but I'm also not going to just go, you know, kind of crank them out to crank them out. There's, there's actually, I think a lot to do around, around this book for, for application and tools and services and things like that. Like this book, I think is just the beginning of the journey for many people.  time and work on high leverage tasks and things like that. Like this is something I think you have done incredibly well, but you know, with no playbook that I can see just kind of like. Intuitively your way forward to figure out like what you are uniquely really good at how to find kind of tools that help you get more reach and find more audience and serve the people who follow you better. Um, so that, that is something that I think, you know, there's a lot to kind of do and unpack there. And, and, you know, I don't know that I'm done with, um, with these ideas are set.  to be kind of in that phase that compounding used to be, right? Where there's so many people who understand it, but kind of the general mass audience doesn't understand with any level of mastery or really kind of application why that's so important, right? And so do you think that this is something where simply hearing the ideas, right? Kind of the way he articulates it is enough for people, or do you think that there is this element of like, this is almost the top of the funnel, right? Where you got to kind of hear an idea  a totally great leverage is really, I think pretty tangled up with compounding in some ways. The gap between you doing your most high value tasks is another thing that compounds, getting leverage through capital, getting leverage through labor. This is why you see the business owners pretty consistently become the wealthiest people because they are leveraged and they're leveraged through capital, through labor and through products.  than I thought it would. The mental math is still counterintuitive and still surprisingly high. I think leverage is, I completely agree with you that it is in the same lane, but lagging the understanding of compounding. It's just a little less studied and understood and a little less mathematically quantified yet in the way that compounding is productized leverage probably in particular. People are seeing  study and involves broad classification of it as leverage and just labeling it leverage really helps us kind of think about it. We think of labor as so different from capital and so different from product until it's all under the same umbrella. You kind of, oh, holy shit, how can I like mix and match these two? Is this a problem that needs to be solved with labor? Is it a problem that can be solved with capital? Is it a problem that can be solved with product? How do I mix these together? Which actually is the most expensive or the highest margin  Um, application of them. Right. And so it's like the idea of leverage, like even the way that he describes the various types of leverages, he specifically highlights not just software, right? Not just human capital. He also talks about blogs and podcasts and like, like he really, really understands that when you kind of take a step back, like because he's done all of it. Right. And so did you get the sense that, um, he has this ability to articulate these ideas because of his specific experience? Or do you think that this is something where anyone who sat in just  using words about how leverage applies. It is like a man who has built a few successful businesses. He's invested in hundreds of successful businesses. And he has this kind of like mental model of how these things come about and what he's looking for. And that is just, and in a few kind of simple words can explain that. And now he's been studying these things. He says he formulated some of these things when he was 14 and just like a poor immigrant kid  you can unpack all those words into the things that he's been thinking about for 10 years, which is kind of what this book does, but it really surprised me how long he's been thinking about it. And it shows you like, you know, this clarity comes from years of distillation and practice and application and receiving kind of feedback from the universe that these theories are correct. And once they're in your head, you're looking around at other people seeing how, you know, you see this formula everywhere and you start to see how  instead of just trying to do everything manually. And you understand the difference between the level of accountability that an hourly worker has versus their manager versus the owner of the business. These are things that not everyone is lucky enough to ever see how the world works and why some people are successful and why others are getting wealthy and some aren't. I find that to be a very valuable thing to just understand  of his thoughts in regards to the book? Yeah, it depends. I think it depends a little bit on many things, but what he does, what he shares. I worked very hard to ensure that everything in the book is evergreen. So I hope that the book itself will never go out of date or become non-applicable. Nivall, I'm sure, will continue to share many great insights and new things. If we needed an updated version in 10 years or something,  we do. I don't know. The whole last section of the book is recommended reading. So there's all these kind of great books across philosophy and nonfiction. There's a bunch of Matt Ridley and Talib. And one of the things that I've heard is that a reading group might be really interesting for people who want to kind of get together and study Naval's recommendations and his ideas. It create a little like a Naval university. If you want to swim deeper into these ideas, let's go into the source material together.  happiness, they can go to navalmanac.com is the best place to buy the hardcover. And then you can also download the PDF or other versions for free there. Before I let you go, I ask everyone the same two questions and you'll get to ask me one. First is, what is your favorite book or most important book you've ever read? And you cannot answer with this one. So you have to choose something else, but what's the most important book you've ever read?  impact that book had on you is the content in the book versus when you read it. Cause I actually, uh, same for me. Like when I was 20, 21 years old, I read, uh, three books. Um, and I always go back and forth, like, was it the content or was it just, I was 20, 21 years old and like perfect age to mold my opinions and viewpoints on the world. Yeah. I mean, I think every, every book that you stack on, you know, that might've been 10% or 1% of the books you've read. But by now when you read a new one, it's like a fraction of a percent of the books that you've read. And so.  Um, so I loved him just kind of. Is curmudgeonly intelligence, um, and just dismissive of experts and, um, you just, all of those idiosyncraticities idiosyncrasies, um, I loved and, uh, there was, it was hugely impactful for me. And then I went into, you know, Benjamin Franklin and all the stuff that he recommends. And, um, yeah, he's still, still a huge influence on me. That's awesome. Uh, second question, a little bit more fun, which is, uh, aliens, believers.  And I was like, that's pretty good point. So I think I'm gonna have to call it the new phrasing for it. Cause to your point, like the math equation is what most people rely on. Uh, but I don't know if we can really call it. Do we believe math is basically the question, right? Well, maybe the people that, yeah, not everyone might agree that it's a math. I don't know who that would be, but in this audience, it's probably a pretty, pretty math heavy Bigfoot believer and not a believer. Yeah. I don't know. It's not a good idea. It's not a good idea. It's not a good idea. It's not a good idea.  an easy example would be if you understand business, if you understand finance, if you understand content and you understand investing, there's just not that many people you're competing against at the intersection of those four things. And so I constantly think about, well, what else can you add? How do you go from four things to 10 things? And in some weird world, I actually think the specific knowledge is more like intangible things for me. So what I mean by that is there's not  I've got an ego and all that kind of stuff. So there's definitely some people that it's important. But when it comes to most people, I don't really care. And so by not caring, it allows me to be, I think, a little bit more honest in that intellectual exploration. And then the other piece that I think is really hard for people to layer into business and finance and content and all that kind of stuff is the psychology aspect. So in college,