 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Lisa here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Pleasure to be here. Absolutely. All right, let's jump right into your background. You have a very, very cool story and have had one major exit and hopefully are on your way to the second major exit as an entrepreneur. But what did you do kind of before you started building companies?  information systems and made the switch to payments 20 years ago when online shopping became a thing. And I took that job simply because I was interested in the technology, internet databases. And really quickly I became intrigued by online commerce and the impedance in things like international payments. And the truth is it was 1999, we were all partying like it was 1999. And we thought, hey, we can do it better when  you guys had and they kind of, how did you scale that product and kind of build something valuable enough for a large company like PayPal to come in and buy it? Sure. So the story of Hyperwall, it is twofold, one under capitalized and a bunch of engineers building products, looking for a market. So really we, you know, Hyperwall was an 18 year overnight success story. And what we built that was really interesting was something that in the industry is now called cross border ACH.  to do at a price point and a compliance level. So that's the platform that HyperWallet slowly built over the years was the ability to take advantage of local in-country low-cost clearing networks. So we slowly built a global network of networks, if you will. But the business was still really small. And so when it became more valuable was around 2010 when  And then what really provided the tailwind for that business was the evolution of the marketplace and marketplace-like businesses. And so it was a low, slow burn. We had bootstrap and made it profitable because we had to. We found a vertical niche that ultimately became more valuable and is a horizontal play. And what was your biggest lessons learned as you kind of built that business?  lesson for an engineer to actually comprehend. But the other more relevant to financial services is building layer upon layer of what's there is okay. Trying to drill right down and build something brand new and I call it like fighting city hall in the industry is a bit of a mug's game. And unless you have the ability to raise billions of dollars, that's kind of not a battle you want to be in. So that was  of a transaction. Yeah, let me preface it that I actually stepped down from an operating role in 2015. So I was still on the board and still very much involved, but not as a management and not sort of stewarding the business. But what I can say is it was time to provide liquidity to our shareholders. So that absolutely was part of the motivation. And when you think about it, we were profitable, profitable and growing. But within  the applicability of the platform and be part of something big and see that baby that we built really continue to grow beyond what we could do. It sounds trite, but that actually was part of it. That makes complete sense. And then once you decide, hey, I'm going to go do this again and go bash my head against the wall and build another company, did you have an idea as to what you wanted to build or did you kind of make the decision, let me build a company and then I'll go forward?  If you had asked me in 2012 if I would start another company, let alone a financial services company, I would tell you only an idiot would start a payments company. And only a super idiot would try and do this again. But we have a very, very selective memory and all the highs and lows of running a business. You forget all the terrible lows when you want to shoot yourself in the head and you only remember all those great times. But Feisman is very, very intentional.  businesses. And the second thing I knew being an intentional start to five span was I didn't want to compete against banks. I fundamentally had this thesis that banks have superior payments products, superior cash management services, superior loans, because they have a lower cost of capital. Like just, you know, just think about the fundamental underlying attributes, but they have really  A, forgot the bad times. B, had enough, wanted to do it again. And C, there was just so much opportunity. Yeah. And so this is a really interesting framework you provided of like, there's plenty of people out there who said, hey, we're going to aggregate all the banks and then allow the third parties to have that relationship with the customer. You essentially are doing something opposite, taking the thing that everyone sees value in and has been funding for a while.  mass B2C service. But, and we'd exposed ourselves through APIs to be in the cool kids club. But we've done one more thing, which is our engineers had integrated our products and our APIs into our customers business system of record. These are big publicly traded billion dollar companies. And that fact engendered a lot of love. And when I would go back and talk to my customers, they would say, Hey, can you provide us B2B payment services? Can you provide us with cash management services?  That was the specific insight. It wasn't like I decided it's very clever to have a contrarian view to the market. It was that there was sufficient pain points by corporates that they were willing to engage with third parties for what I call fundamental transactional services. And so quite frankly, it was just opportunistic. I thought, look, I don't want to build something from scratch.  to be used, right? So I want to keep current with my overseas customers. I don't want to send a wire, right? I want to forecast my cash. I don't want to log into online banking to view my balances. So in practice, what we do is we embed commercial banking services within other applications. And the first and most important experience is embedding inside accounting and ERP applications. So we bring those bank services in  Open banking, APIs, host to host connectivity can make that all happen. Making that all happen seamlessly without the customer worrying about it is what we do. So there's a whole bunch of kind of magic that happens. And I always describe the types of business that you're in is you want the customer to know about you when you're selling them to use the product. And then when they're using the product, you almost don't want them to know you're there.  different people, it can be regulatory driven, but by and large what it means is an obligation of a financial institution to make its customers' data and services accessible to third-party applications and endpoints. So it's where the bank will expose a security and authentication paradigm that somebody else can come to, whether it's PIM, so personal, PFM, personal financial manager.  APIs that developers and third parties can consume to make these things happen. At Fispan, we think embedded banking is an outcome of this technology, this API interconnectivity in a permissioned and secure way. But embedded banking can be a result of open banking or it can be a result of an industry initiative. So we happen to service at Fispan North American and primarily  between all of this infrastructure, these organizations. And the way I've thought about it, and you're the expert, so you're gonna correct me if I'm wrong here, is kind of what the internet did to connect organizations, people, infrastructure, et cetera, really open banking, just doing that in a kind of a single niche vertical of finance and banking, right? It really is this idea of like, how do we use these digital tools to provide much more connectivity and reduce friction across everyone who is-  Whether or not a specific database provider, whether Oracle endorsed ODBC and opened up its database through this new paradigm was its own internal decision. And your analogy of the internet enabled this much greater access connectivity, interoperability. It would be up to an individual industry whether it wanted to offer its services and products online. That's where we are with open banking right now.  trying to incorporate some financial service, right? Yeah, and so I would argue that that doesn't mean every single business is trying to become a FinTech. That embedded banking allows every single business to make use of a FinTech service for the betterment of its product and service delivery. Now, some do want to become FinTechs. So an accounting system like  a kindergarten teacher saying, okay, all the banks on the left side and all of the technology companies on the right side, I don't think you can do that anymore because that line is very, very blurred. So those traditional banks, what happens to them or do they actually beneficiaries of all of this? Massive beneficiaries. And that was, when we go back to the founding thesis of Fisban is I always saw open banking and the API economy as just an enormous opportunity for  hands of third parties. A specific example again is imagine with connectivity to a customer's accounting system in a permissioned way, bank could now have real-time and continuous access to that business's open receivables, income statement, balance sheet, and now instead of inferring the best customers to lend to and making a guess at the underwriting, imagine if  If you take the data and information out of them, it allows the bank to provide a better product and a better service to its customers. So one of the things that over the years absolutely shocked me about anything banking and finance related was how non-predictive the technologies were. Everything was pretty much counting what was happening, facilitating things that are happening now, but it was very hard, I think.  Completely agree with you. But what's interesting is, that's where I think the theme of new kind of data companies is what is the next next thing. Okay. Explain. Yeah. So today everybody's trying to act on these breadcrumbs that we leave all around the world. And a bank or somebody else is trying to say, hey, which are the best customers to lend  to make sense of. She read an article on business process automation. And so let's feed her ads for every CRM and workflow app out there for the next 12 months. I'm currently experiencing that. So it's one of my pet peeves. Instead of FindSpan, we think that the most interesting opportunities will arise from the intentional sharing of actual data and actual intent with bounded and enforced data.  But instead, there'll be the platforms that provide the best access, data owner control, and watermarking services to the data exchanges that matter. And the data exchanges that matter, I believe, are between a bank and its customers. Okay, so let's dig a little bit deeper on that, because I think it's a really interesting view of the world. Historically, let's take social media companies, finance companies,  this is for us as a company. It's one of the key tenants. It sounds like you're talking about, and that's true to banks and others as well. The more information, the better. What you're talking about is actually almost flipping the model and saying, no, the winners of tomorrow are going to be the people who don't look at it from the corporation seat. Instead, they look at it from the user seat and they say, what can we as a business do to empower this user to have the best experience  Like when I, you know, as I talked about founding Fispan sitting there quietly in my basement googling away, I believe that the value of Fispan to our customers, the banks, and ultimately to allow them to provide value to their customers is precisely because I, as Fispan, assert no ownership or usage rights over any of the data that traverses  It's not for the purpose of the bank marketing to those vendors. It's for the purposes of the bank to Provide me with a better accounts payable risk management experience or something like that So that's just our policy and we think that that's going to build value in the future and we are an example of a new kinds of you know data platform, but there'll be many more other kinds of examples of that got it and then in terms of  more of just like a permission that the user told me to do X with their data. I go do that job and then I don't do anything else until they tell me to do something else. Right? Yeah. Yeah. We're not there yet. And so I see, I absolutely see what you're saying, but it just happens that our business model is we're both a technology outsourced and servicing outsourced component of the bank. So in order to service the clients,  I can read it, Facebook doesn't need to see that. Now Facebook would like to see it because they'd like to target us on advertising, whatever. But for the intent and purposes of what we're trying to do in communications, end-to-end encryption makes a lot of sense. When it comes to this information though, you can imagine if you interacted with your bank, but they couldn't see the amount that you were sending. They really can't kind of do their job, right? So there's certain pieces of information obviously that they need, which would make sense in this situation.  starting to, within the industry, have discourses about it. So whoever invents that, I think will be, and it's not going to be me, but that will be another example of a very valuable technology and business to be introduced. And is this the idea? So there's a lot of people, myself included, who believes that kind of every stock bond currency and commodity will get digitized in the future. And so let's take equity, for example. It would be awesome if the equity was in some sort of token or digital  if I'm a business and I'm going to share my list of all my vendors with my bank. And the purpose is to help me reduce accounts payable fraud. It's that purpose of the data. And so what I'm talking about is when that data is now conveyed to the bank, today at five spend, I can pass along those permissions, but I can't enforce them. Once that data is at the bank, except contractually, they know what they're supposed to do,  to really have control and confidence and be able to choose to use Facebook or not. To me, that's interesting. I'll hopefully be done by then. Absolutely. And I think that will happen at some point. It's just to your point, who builds the technology and how do they implement it first? Is it equities? Is it currency? Something like that. I would be absolutely berated on the internet if I didn't take the time while I had you to talk a little bit  conversation about that and kind of the world that you operate in, is it people are aware of it and they don't really care and don't talk about it? Just give us an idea of kind of what you've seen so far on the ground. Yeah. In my simple world, businesses aren't asking. I'm a really simple person. At Hyper Wallet, we were all about enabling different sorts of, pay you direct it. If you wanted to, company is sending you $300. You want to have that direct deposit in your bank? Cool.  not just a bunch of engineers building the next cool thing. So I actually went to my head of development. I said, I think that we should become an endpoint, at least on Ripple because it's in the cool kids' cloud that's banked last strike. We went out and serviced our customers and they were like, okay, we have no interest in it. So fast forward to now where I am at Fispan. I'm trying to build applications  else. Where I'm most excited about distributed ledger technology is around things like taking massive costs out of regulatory burdens, doing things like encrypting your KYC file on a customer as a bank, putting that on some like Ethereum like block, whatever chain you want, and then having only permissioned and you know who's  any delivery point in Thailand can pick it up and say, yes, I'm going to deliver this money to this end point. If and only if I get a regulatory hit, meaning like the Thai regulator says, whoa, whoa, whoa, that's on my KYB watch list, then I'll pick up this package unencrypted. You'll know about it. The customer will know about it. And the purpose of us accessing this data will be known. So long-winded explanation, but that's what I'm most excited about in financial services.  It's not directly related to what I do, but it is like sexy and interesting. So some aspects of like the kernel of being like an early engineer never truly. But we are. So the answer is we're close to having services like that. Actually, we're not just closed services like that are in beta now. What now has to happen is the various people have to think about their position in the market and how do they want to play on somebody else's sandbox? Because even though these things are open  Like that'll have accomplished the goal. Yeah. Um, I actually can answer that. Good. It's when there are applications being built, not by five span that are actually delivering value. So we want to become, um, an open banking. Uh, we want to support API programs and developer programs. And I want to have as delightful a developer experience as striped us, right? Where any, you know, Bob and Joe McKenzie can be in there.  Uh, the first is what is the most important book that you've ever read? So you can tell that I didn't actually see that. Okay. Okay. It was actually a biography of now. Oh, explain that. Why, why is that your answer? That's a great answer. Um, well, first of all, I'm trying to think all the books I read, I was really into different biographies of different despots.  That's great. I have one more question. It's a little bit more fun. And then you actually get to ask me one question to end it. But my question is about aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? Total believer. Why? Because it's infinite. And the concept is like it's simple math. The answer is simple math. I have yet to have anyone who has an engineering background come on and not answer.  Yeah, I think that's a fair answer. All right. You get to ask me one question to finish up. What do you got for me? My question is, why are your listeners so focused on Bitcoin and distributed currencies? Why is that a focus of your podcast? Yeah. For a theme. So I pretty much am very selfish when it comes to the podcast. I just talk about the things that I find interesting. And if you're interested in the podcast,  And I mean like world changing implications when you get to the point of a currency no longer being a weapon against the people. And what I mean by that is, you know, take wealth inequality, for example, the number one cause of wealth inequality in the world is inflation. So through, you know, the lack of inflation adjusted wage contracts or eating away at the savings of kind of the bottom 50% of the population that don't have investment assets, kind of all that type of stuff.  the downsides is inflation as opposed to engineer growth and consumption and kind of all of those things. But I think if you're optimizing for an equitable world, then getting rid of that inflation ends up being probably the number one most important thing you could do. It literally trumps all philanthropy, kind of everything else. The second piece to it is I actually think that this idea of auditability  being maybe not so far as cynical towards organizations and institutions, but definitely more about like prove it and kind of let me audit, let me see. And so to me, it's like less about do I think it's gonna happen or not? I think like it's just the end game, right? It's just gonna take a long time to get there. This is not like a one or two year thing. Okay, okay. So I can summarize that like you're excited about it because of its potential to do good. Yes. Okay.  United States has ever seen, simply from the $3 trillion of quantitative easing, the manipulation of interest rates. And the way that I think about this is everything that's going on macroeconomic wise, we saw in 2008, 2009, people ran for inflation hedge assets in general. So gold, real estate, all that kind of stuff. I think we're going to see that cycle play out again here. It's happening faster. So the government intervention happened quicker. It was a bigger step into the  a national emergency, right? In terms of, there's literally people in the United States and close to 50% of the population who could not explain to you how the money that they're saving in their bank account is actually worth less and less every year. Like that's just a foreign concept to them, right? They're like, oh, I have a hundred dollars that I saved. Like, you know, next year is worth a hundred dollars a year after. Right. And so they eat just like that alone, I think is somebody once said to me, we ask people to go to work. So let's say you're a  So the idea of Bitcoin, there's this saying in the Bitcoin community, like it's a savings technology. So basically what you can do is rather than save in dollars, you just quote unquote save and just denominated in Bitcoin. And then therefore, because it's a deflationary structure with a disinflationary monetary schedule, basically it protects your wealth. Right. And so like, I think part of this is like, when I say all this stuff, it's not lost on me that there's a portion of people who are like, that sounds insane.  them less purchasing power and provides a viable alternative for him in the next 24 months. I'm going to give you three data points that, uh, if you're not in it every day, I think this kind of surprises people, but they're like, Oh, wait, something's going on here. Um, last year in 2019, if you take the annual transaction volumes on Apple, Venmo and PayPal, and you compare them to what's called the adjusted on chain transaction volume.  He's the, he's for 22 years, he's been the CEO of a publicly traded company. The company's worth about $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion market cap trades in the NASDAQ. He recently found himself earlier this year with $500 million of cash on his balance sheet. It's got a business that throws off about $50 million in EBITDA annually. And, uh, he was worried about the macro situation. And so over the last about eight to 10 weeks, he has taken 85% of the cash  And so that's another data point of it's not the individual, but it's a corporate CEO. So he's paid to think about this stuff, but I think that's important. And then the third one is actually the OCC, which you're probably more familiar with than I am. Brian Brooks, who's now the head of the OCC came from Coinbase, which is the largest US-based exchange. And he recently had a clarification that was issued. So this isn't a new ruling.  we're thinking banks that just say, Hey, we're going to somehow build out services for, you know, kind of digital currencies, whatever that looks like. And so I say all those data points is like each one individually probably doesn't matter as much, right? Kind of like it's off on its own. When you start to put these together, I think it's just, you're driving in the right direction. We just don't know how long it takes to get there, how fast you're going, that type of stuff. Super cool.  and they can find me on LinkedIn slash Lisa was here. Lisa was here. Oh, how did you get that? I don't know. It was the first like Lisa S was already taken. And so anybody can have any vanity URL you want on LinkedIn. Still. It's the last vanity opportunity left on the internet. I love that. Okay. Thank you so much for doing this. We definitely will have to do this again in the future. Yeah, I really appreciate it. Lovely talking to you.