 All right guys, bang bang. I've got a special treat for you today. Ben is here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Oh, my pleasure. My pleasure. Let's start with your background. You are probably one of the most educated people who have ever come on the podcast. Let's just talk through kind of where you grew up, various schools you went to, and then you can get into kind of your entrepreneurial career. Sure, sure.  Most of my career had been in startup land. I've done eight startups, four as a CEO. And started out my careers somewhat different. I was actually in a demography really in my career. So I spent time in Africa working on rural health and things like that. Then went to Uzbekistan to try and start a business.  was really in Web 1.0 working for VeriSign. It's sort of this crazy idea. You can do transactions on the internet and do so securely. So I ran the security payments, businesses for them. Then was CEO of Plaxo, early social networking company, which eventually we sold to Comcast. Was then CEO of Luster, which open source storage company.  to go build a business. What was the genesis for this? What was the genesis for wanting to go to those two places?  that they figured out this great decentralized way of putting finance using text messaging. So a ton of banking and lending and sending money from the city back home all happens to be text messaging. So it's a really exciting sending place. Absolutely. And so when you finally came back to Silicon Valley, you started working at the technology companies. Yeah. Just growing up there, I'm assuming that you, one, wanted to work at these technology  a service company and used some underlying technology to do that, that was a radically different approach towards how do you sort of encapsulate workloads, if you will. And Docker was a, you had this idea that the way that people build, ship and run code is, it was almost like it was sort of in the pre-industrial age, if you will, right? Because code was a long time to write, a long time to update,  shipping container and goes from a ship to a train truck to a train without ever having to be opened. And shipping container revolutionized physical transport and Docker really revolutionized the way that code is written and shipped. So everything you read now about cloud-made computing and computing at a massive scale where workloads get split up into lots of pieces and run all over the place, that was Docker. We get it kind of in good shape.  think of Docker, I don't think they think of decentralization and kind of they don't necessarily see huge comparison to that and what you're doing with storage, but there actually was a lot of the same ethos, right? There's open source, there's decentralization, it's very community driven type thing. Maybe talk a little bit about how intentional was that versus kind of you got pulled in that direction while building Docker because that's just where you guys saw traction. Yeah, no, no, we actually, it was really quite intentional. I think  Let's take a really decentralized approach. We didn't use those terms. I can really distribute a decentralized approach towards how we build the code, how it gets adopted. We've got lots of really open interfaces. Anybody could take the code, modify it, use it in ways that they saw fit. And that enabled us to have a massive community. So it's very open. I mean, one of the largest projects in the space of six months if you will.  That's something we have to do if you're a challenger. Absolutely. And talk maybe a little bit about storage. So what you did at Docker was very, very disruptive. I think that there's been a lot of people who have said, oh, all these centralized storage and centralized computing companies are the incumbents. Maybe one way to disrupt them is through this decentralized approach. Just why go and help storage and what's the model and how does it work? Yeah.  or new forms of clean energy and things like that. And for most of computing history, data was stored locally. So we pushed stuff to hard drive. And then we had the cloud computing companies start here, the Amazon AWSs and Microsoft computers and Google GCP. And they actually started out in storage. They started their first service, all of them offered was storing your data, pushing it up there and then store it.  in this situation where globally more and more data is being created, more and more data is being stored. It's three largest players. We've sort of created three Rockefellers, if you will, and data is the new oil. Meanwhile, prices, unsurprisingly, have not come down. In five years, basically, the price of people storing a gig of data has only gone down by about 10% in the public cloud. Meanwhile... Why is that? I think it's not a monopoly, right?  to power them and provide, you know, fire suppression, all those other sorts of things. But meanwhile, you know, as big as cloud storage is, you know, it's worked by the amount of storage that's in disks all over the planet. You know, something again, like 80% of them are less than 25% full. And it takes no more power or people or energy or capital to take all those drives that are out there and, you know, start using the unused  data centers. For those that don't know, there are massive computing facilities all over the world. These facilities basically build the physical structure, they put computers, they put storage hardware in those facilities, and then they have sales forces that try to go out and get customers. That model can be very profitable if done well, but just like any business, when you go to the convenience store, you don't have everyone buying all of the products in the convenience store at all times.  You're really accurate. The only thing I think I would clarify is that the drives that you're using aren't necessarily in the data center. We've got some people who have companies who have data centers, universities have data centers. You've also got lots of individuals who are running computers in their basements. All of those, people in rural parts of the world that have a disk drive, all of those can be part of our storage  for cost, for performance. And so the customer experience, from what I understand, is almost identical to what you would do with a centralized service. You go to a website, you say, hey, I need to spin up some storage. You basically purchase that. And what happens from that point through a centralized and a decentralized service is different. But for the customer, it's pretty much exactly the same. Yeah, that was our intent. Our intent was to say that for our customers who are concerned, we suggest being really fast and we secure  Talk about the economic difference. Obviously, you're competing with zero, so they get nothing for their unused stuff without you. How much can they make or how does that work from you actually sending them somebody to use as a customer? Sure. If you're a storage node operator, you basically download some code onto your drive, if you will.  of your drive and how much it's storing, you can make $5, $10 a month for drive. It's not a standalone business like being a miner, but for many people, it's a great way of monetizing your engine. Unlike being a miner, it doesn't take a lot of power, it doesn't take a lot of effort. We designed this so that it doesn't take specialized equipment to do  So now your reputation, if you will, is based off of things like uptime and how long you store. But if you are a sit-situ data center that has equipment that sits idle for most of the year, but you need to reclaim it around the holidays, shopping zeros, and stuff like that, that's fine. We have ways for you to sort of callous, hey, I need to reclaim my space and push the data to us and push other people.  It's something like a third of what the cloud providers do today. And as important as the fact that we can price that way, over time, economics should help us bring prices down. There's more and more data, more and more drawings get shipped all the time, and all the things that we care about, our economics, our performance, our security, they all get better and better the larger and larger our network gets. So what we think  The closest competitor that the big three have is Alibaba, who's, you know, whatever. Number six, I don't know, in terms of market capital. Right? So, I think the only way that you've been against large folks in this roughness is the decentralization. And that's true for us in storage, but also, you know, on the compute side as well, there are lots of really interesting decentralized companies and decentralized networking companies. Yeah. And really the advantage you have is you can have a price that is, you know, 66% lower, you know, give or take because you don't have all of the  they're going to be coming from Nairobi, not from Nebraska, right? So it's also faster. Absolutely. And then talk a little bit about as you're doing this, what stops them from going into and trying to do a decentralized option, right? Can the Amazon, the Googles, like, is that the kind of natural step for them to try to compete as they start to feel threatened by you? Well, I mean, I think it's like most disruptive technologies, right? The incumbents don't tend to  some of the company advantages as well. Doing what we do has really powerful economics, but there's also, as you can imagine, different challenges. How do you do the coordinated? How do you make sure the files don't get lost? How do you make sure that you keep the incentive structure? How do you make sure there's the right balance between people who want to provide storage and people who want to do the one-to-one? Absolutely. And then talk a little bit about, obviously, as you're doing this decentralized network, people have to get paid. And so there's this storage token, STOR,  And as I said, at least we are working on the model works. Right now, we quote prices and dollars both for customers and for the snows for the suppliers. And then customers can pay us in Viopp or in our token. And our suppliers get paid in token and we do a sort of spot conversion based off of the system price. But there are a lot of reasons why it's great for us. First of all, again, we are now paying thousands of people in 85 plus countries.  with the open source community is take great open source code, give it away for free. As a loss leader to drive more computing story networking, we actually compensate the open source companies. But they send users and data our way, we send money back to them and we do it programmatically using the code. So for us, it makes the system work much faster, much more reliably. Of course, we funded our initial efforts for a large extent based on  ends up being into this entire cloud and storage world where whether you are a decentralized or centralized platform, they've got to support it? Or do you feel like you've got an advantage and a wedge into a market where that's not going to happen for a long time and you guys will enjoy the first move or advantage there? Yes, it's a good question. I don't know whether the crypto aspect and what we do ends up being a barren entry or not.  infrastructure into the hands of thousands, hopefully millions of people around the planet. And that's really the big disruption. And cryptocurrency and blockchain, these are all primitives that enable that, but they're not the main story. Yeah. And one of the things that's really interesting, just in computing in general to me, is the centralized players have been trying to build kind of pseudo decentralized networks that they control. Right. What I mean by that is all of these pops and kind of localized  decentralized infrastructure and therefore that's the advantage, right? Right, right. And also we've designed things so that, you know, we're not a central point of failure, right? So for example, like you're starting data with us. We don't have any of the keys. We have no way of knowing what's being stored, uh, no way of mining it, no way of, uh, compromising it. And the same thing true for the storage node operators. So, you know, one sort of sort of clarification about how things work with us. If you upload a file to us to store it with us, it gets encrypted.  stuff out to the edge. We've enabled the network. It's at the edge. That's awesome. And to me, like, you know, I'm biased, because I kind of understood this more and more and more, but it just feels like naturally, this is where the world has to head, right? Like you guys are just ahead of the curve. Yeah. Yeah, no, I think it has to be. And I think this decentralized approach is really the only way to create a viable alternative to decentralized providers. And as good a job they do,  Do you eventually go and compete on other aspects of computing using the same model? Absolutely. Right now, we think that there are lots of great companies that are trying to solve decentralized compute problems. Right now, we're in the partnership mode. And maybe we're continuing in the partnership mode, maybe we can't push it at some point. There's a long road that we need that... A long road back in front of us in terms of taking the storage that we have right now, which is primarily  way that we would provide this infrastructure for storage development.  other meetings that you just have to get around. How do you run a discipline? How do you keep supply and demand in check? I think the biggest challenge is that doing what we do has with it. If you're Uber or Lyft, you want to have enough cars on the road so that anybody can always get a ride, but you don't want so many cars on the road that nobody gets a pair. So what's the same thing? There's enough capacity out there so that anybody wants to start the tour, but  apps on us and we can talk about that in a minute. But still the bulk of our customers are people who are running more traditional apps. They just want a better alternative than storing the data at cloud providers. But I think what you tend to see in technology in general is that even the early adopters start with low risk workflows. And when you do a good job with them, then they start going upstream.  They can't come do what you're doing because it would be a distraction. It doesn't look interesting, whatever. But you get to continue to eat this stack of infrastructure on the supply side. And then as you start to source demand, you essentially just eat more and more of their computing needs. And next thing you know, you back into the centralized players not being in a very good position. That's right. And honestly, they follow the innovative dilemma too.  I hope that that is where the world is going. I do too, but it's an exciting time. I think if you're going to go into startups, and again, this is my startup, you've got to do something that you think is going to be fun and meaningful even if it isn't. Absolutely. Before we get into the rapid fire to wind this down, I want to talk about real world use cases. And obviously, you have so many customers on each side of the marketplace. Maybe talk through one or two examples of  data sets right now. You've got a massive data set of, let's say, climate data or energy data or health data, and you want to be able to share that securely with large numbers of people making it really fast to get it out there. We're just an excellent solution for doing that because it's very secure, very durable, and yet the data can get extremely fast to everybody who wants to use it. We're also seeing some more relevance to probably the area that you spent time in. We've got a few people who are actually using us as  you get this massive improvement in privacy and security. As I mentioned, every file that gets uploaded to us gets encrypted before it gets uploaded. Then it gets split up into 80 pieces, each of which goes to a different tribe on the network. It only knows that they have a piece. If a hacker wanted to get at that file, they'd have to find 80 drives out of thousands or hundreds of thousands, compromise each one. All they would get would be an encrypted file. Even if they managed to somehow decrypt that, the next  is highly secure, highly cast, highly private data that needs to get stored and distributed globally is what our speech is like. And are there situations where companies are choosing kind of centralized and decentralized solutions side by side? So I may be a company, I've got some storage needs, and I may actually split this between both centralized and decentralized. Maybe talk a little bit about that. Yeah, yeah.  they're seeing is, gosh, this is great. Now they're giving you 10% of the new data. I create, let me give you 50, 70% of the data that I create. And then at some point they may take the data that they're currently storing at Amazon. That's not only great, but you know, what I think is, uh, as an important truism is that if you're going to be doing something disruptive, it can be disruptive, but you don't want to be, you don't want your customers to experience it in a revolutionary way. You want to give them the operating experience.  this profile is asking a lot. And so what we'd like to do is be able to give people the ability to say, hey, I'm going to change three lines of code. Suddenly I'm using storage and it's cheaper, faster, better, more secure. I love it. And I'm going to evolve to do more and more over time with us. And the more they do with us, the more benefit they can get. But asking them to change their world for us is an uncertainty.  the world we were offering was rock solid. The last thing we wanted to do was be the first to market with a decentralized storage system, have people get excited about it, and then fail. Because we wouldn't just be failing for ourselves, we'd be failing for the whole industry. So we spend a lot of time doing that. We spend a lot of time on incentives. We want to make it really, you have the right incentives in place for people who are running the notes, they're profitable and easy and they're not  I asked the same two questions to everybody and then you'll get to ask me one to finish up. The first one is what is the most important book that you've ever read? We talked about one of them already, which is The Man's 11. That's great. And lately I've been rereading Man's Search for Me and I can really get into that with it. Why do you like that one so much? I think we're living in an unusually difficult time.  And also understand the importance of being trying to each other and having broader, broader meaning in your life. I think part of how you get through difficult times that we're going through is to work on something that's learned from yourself. So you'll love the second question. It's a little bit more fun, but man search for meaning has a connection here, which is aliens, a believer or non-believer. I absolutely believe that there are people who are  I guess so. The alien Cortez equipment is looking at us and saying, I don't think so. We'll wait till 2021 to go visit them. You could ask me one question to finish up. What one question do you have for me? What's the next after DeFi? What are you most excited about? I'm very convinced that centralization has now become a business risk, obviously. Whether that is centralization of your infrastructure,  But they're all tied to, you know, essentially imaginary lines on a map, right? So they're all fit, like physical location based type world. Um, and in some weird, uh, potentially wrong, but, but still kind of exciting world, uh, I kind of think of it as like you and I, uh, both left our geographic locations today and we met in the internet, you know, economy, right? And so we're, we're doing this virtually. And so it's kind of like ready player one style, you know, like, like you're, you're going  your kids' virtual baseball game. That might be a little weird, at least in the short term. Some of it is not going to be brought into this. But when you start to bring some of this in, so meetings is the easy example for everybody. There's entirely new businesses. There's all kinds of decentralization benefits. There's just a lot that would change. I think that for you and I, who generally are technology-minded, have been paying attention to all  more resilience and not just efficiency, they're gonna onshore a lot of things, right? So you're gonna see all kind of manufacturing, supply chains, like all that stuff. And so in that trend, American labor is actually pretty expensive compared to where they've been able to outsource it. And so the unit economics get thrown off. And so I think there'll be this resurgence of, I don't know, like 3D manufacturing and automation and kind of all these things that allow technology to kind of bring  Basically, everyone's going to need storage, everyone's going to need computing power, and you'll benefit from this digitization of everything, really. Absolutely. I think, you know, it's not that under, is if you're going to go into a startup, you should have the waves moving in your direction, in fact, not going against it. Amazing. You have death, taxes, and data, and cloud, all sort of pretty cool. I forget who says it, but somebody's like, you know, good team, bad market, market wins.  and I'm at doll of B on Twitter if you wanna follow me. And we've got great blogs and things like that on the social. Awesome, man. Thank you so much for doing this and what to do again in the future. Okay, thanks, man.