 Alright guys, bang, bang. I've got Sam here with us. Thanks so much for doing this, man. Yeah, I mean, thanks for having me. Absolutely. Alright, so I think that you are one of the most fascinating people in all of crypto and many people don't know your story. So let's just start with kind of where you grew up, where you went to school and then how you got into crypto. Yeah.  do, you know. And so I went to MIT and I quickly learned there I wasn't going to be a physicist. I mean, it's like the sort of least favorite things that I'd done were trying to do physics research. So that wasn't going to be the answer. But that doesn't sort of answer the question of what the answer will be, you know, what it will do. And I, you know, spent some time in college trying to think about what I could do that sort of have the most impact.  And it was a tough call. I really liked it. But it felt like I wanted to explore. I wanted to try other things. I wanted to see what, that maybe there's huge upside to doing other things too. And so that's sort of, I left and shortly thereafter, I mean, sort of checked out crypto markets, which is late 2017. And I mean, markets are completely insane then. And the arbitrages were just gigantic and that is sort of my background. And so that's sort of how I ended up in crypto.  And so, I think that's really a strategy to go do this. Yeah. So, I mean, it's sort of like a wandering path to get there. Started with, what can I do that I'll have impact? Went through a bunch of random things. I went to get into animal welfare. Thought about global poverty and stuff. Ultimately met a group of people who were thinking about some similar things, the effect of altruism community. Some turned around my junior year, sophomore year, I guess, of college.  is often lucrative careers. And I had some friends who had interned at Gene Street said good things about it. And so I just started, I don't know, trying to try interviewing, see how it is, see if it seems like a good fit and sort of really liked the interview. And it wasn't so much I calculated out every path and was like, this is the ISDV, which to be clear, maybe I should have done. But I didn't, instead I was sort of like, oh wow, I had no idea what it's doing. And now all of a sudden this seems like really high value.  says that he's incredibly happy. And his entire life goal was to give away his fortune. And he's not done that. But he amassed the fortune and then gave it away. Are you kind of, as you're making money, giving it away, or is this a let's get as much money as possible and give it away? It's a good question. And I sort of think if you can do it, the ideal thing in some ways, there's a lot of activity about this is sort of the actual answer. And here are sort of two ways to think about it, right? One is like, well,  And you have to think about which is bigger. And so I think part of how I think about it is given where I am right now, what's relatively larger? And I think for people who are in crypto right now, it's not going to shock them to hear that returns on capital can be pretty significant. And I think that you just have to look at what's happened in DeFi over the last four months to see that that's going to outstrip a lot of things. And so part of my answer is, well, if you think  Other people and it's a where you can have both yourself even if you're not You know, even if you're not selfish. She's sort of drifting way forgetting about why you got there in the first place and so what I actually do and I'm not saying this is the perfect thing like there's things pulling in all directions here, but You know, I sort of give away enough each year that it's sort of a real amount That's a significant amount and that it sort of keeps me honest and you know keeps me I  way to keep yourself honest. Absolutely. And so let's talk about what you've done to grow wealth, right? So you've got kind of two separate things. You've got FTX and then you've got Alameda Research. Change Street is a pretty legit shop, right? Yep. That's a pretty good job. When you decided to leave, did you know that you were going to go into crypto or was this more of you left and then as you were exploring things to do, crypto kind of caught your eye? Yeah, like when I left, there were like 12 things I sort of didn't know.  world developing diseases, some of these turn out to be somewhat analyzable. Like you can look at sort of a classic example is like how many lives per dollar can you save donating to third world health charities? And you can actually ballpark that, right? You can just do trials, right? You can go into a village, you can give malaria, treat bed nets, and see what happens to the malaria rates. And there's a lot of complications, but like, you know, that's sort of an analyzable thing, but many of these things are really hard to ballpark.  literally just the arbitrage opportunity was just so big that it was hitting you over the head and saying, you have to go do this? Or was there other things that kind of dragged you in? Yeah. I mean, that was the first thing that dragged me in. It was just looking at, literally, literally just looked at CoinMarketCap. And I clicked on Bitcoin. And I saw these numbers. Those aren't the same numbers. I see a list of exchanges and prices, and the prices are different. And that's not complicated arbitrage, or so I thought. I was like, literally, nothing that simple ever happens.  And the operational setup involved in it was just massive. Explain this, because I think a lot of people don't understand. We're talking about like super simple arbitrary arbitrage is basically just you go to one exchange, you buy Bitcoin, you move it onto another exchange, you sell it. There's literally two different prices and you take the difference. Exactly. This isn't some weird derivative. You're not thinking about interest rate. Literally, it's a Coinbase and Bitstamp of different prices for Bitcoin. Right? Like that shouldn't be too hard.  It's an $11,000 Bitcoin, and you go on Coinbase and it's a $10,000 Bitcoin. There's an arbitrage, and that one was big. There's a billion dollars a day trading on each side. If you could do it, it sort of seemed like maybe you could do it big, which is pretty exciting because it's also like 10% a day. I don't know. It's a lot. Then you try and do it and you fail for 12 reasons, and so many reasons. It's so over determined. What happens? Well, first of all, you realize you don't have  Now you have a Japanese bank account. Then you realize you have $3,000 a day withdrawal limits on Coinbase. And again, there's a three month waiting list to get your withdrawal limits raised. Then you realize that your Japanese bank account can't do international wire transfers. So it's not clear how you're getting the money out of Japan. And she's like, you go through so many things here. And thing after thing after thing is like, I guess I have to learn how to start a company in a foreign country and hire people there and get a bank account and lawyer. And then you go to do a wire transfer in Japan.  a different name, it's just like that's the sketchiest thing you can be doing. It's always in the same direction. It's not like you're moving it back, it's just all only going one way. You're like, no, you don't understand on the backend. I got Bitcoins going from GDAX to BitFlyer and I didn't understand any of that, but this checks all the boxes with a sketchy transaction. And also remember, you don't speak Japanese and they don't speak English. And so now you go hire Japanese lawyers, not to like for a court case or something, you hire them to go talk to a banker.  that you've run into is just like, crypto is incredibly, logistically complicated because it's decentralized. And like you think about, well, how about normal finance? What happens? The answer is all US exchange is clear under the same clearing symbol with a centralized clearing house. You store everything with a centralized custodian or a clearing firm who also stores all your money and has connected to all the exchanges for you and can do foreign currency transactions and everything. It's all in one place.  comes from. So explain that one. Because that's just cool. And then the research, what was the logic there? Yeah. So Alameda started out in Berkeley, California, which is in Alameda County. So that's where Alameda comes from. Research, 10% of it came from the fact that there is some research there. There's like, you run studies. And like one example of this would be, you want to figure out, arbitrages are simple when I describe them the way I describe them, at least to think about. But let's say that you're in the middle of a market move.  really where the name came from. Really where the name come from, we're trying to think of a name for the company and we're not good at naming things. I mean, it's just like a weakness of, I'm not good at it. But we needed a name. At some point, our corporate development is blocked on having a name. And what were the criteria? The criteria were not like Bitcoin, arbitrage, trading shop. What very entire should we use?  that. That's where it came from. It's completely inoffensive name. That is an amazing story. Give us an overview of what you guys are doing today. You guys are based in Hong Kong, I believe. What exactly does Alameda Research entail? The core way to think about it is it's a liquidity fighter. What does that mean, a crypto liquidity fighter?  connection. And that's a lot of what Alameda does, but increasingly as crypto branches out, it does too, into all the wacky ways that crypto demands liquidity. And so then you get to futures and derivatives, like buying liquidity on futures. If you want to go trade on, let's say that you want to go pick your favorite exchange with futures, you want to go to Binance or Huobi or Bitmex or whatever, and you want to buy a Bitcoin future,  ways that you couldn't buy or sell comp. It's not just like finance to Coinbase liquidity. There's also like Uniswap and all the borrow lending protocols that have it and OTC. And then there's yield farming. And so basically, wherever there's trading activity in crypto, there's a place to provide liquidity and there's a place to make money by doing arbitrage if there's enough demand and not enough supply.  on the outside, but if you think about the really core product of a matching engine, that is not that complicated. That is like, well, you place a bid and you place an offer. If they cross, then you match them. We're like, okay, we can do that. That's not that hard. That's a lot easier than the bots we're building. They seem to be doing quite well. The problem is that a lot of other people can do that too and have done that, and we don't know any customers.  networking crypto from that. So all of a sudden we had some institutional connections, had some personal connections. And then the other thing was all the derivatives exchanges sort of shit the bed at the same time. And it's sort of like, you know, there's the overload problems, there are massive clawbacks everywhere. It's like hundreds of millions of dollars a year being lost to this. And so it's sort of like, okay, like a derivative exchange is harder. There's more that goes  and serve an experiment of like, we think we can build a good product. Like that we think we can do. Is that enough? Like a good product and a little bit of a network, can that become a big exchange? And the answer is no, that's not enough to become a big exchange that fails. But if you take those and then you just like push a lot, you do a ton of work at everything from recruiting users, everything from  It's grown to roughly the fifth biggest exchange, which is pretty cool. It's still derivatives first in that the majority of its volume and it's most well-known products are derivatives, but it has spot markets as well, tokenized products, fiat, and a bunch of other things. Got it. All of this has been self-funded or you guys have raised capital outside. How have you built all of this?  is aware of the pain of having investors. Even if they're the best investors in the world, there's a pain associated with it. Just to give one trivial example, let's say you want to open up a bank account for your company. You go to the bank and they're like, can we have a signature of all of the owners? You're like, no, I am not all of the owners. Some of them are thousands of miles away. They're like, great, come back when you have their signatures.  It's still majority internally owned, but, uh, but does have outside capital. Got it. Um, you mentioned, uh, defy earlier. And so, uh, I think what most people are wondering is just, you have a fantastic, uh, trading business with Alameda. You've got a fantastic, uh, exchange business with FTX. Uh, quite simply just what the hell are you doing playing around with all this stuff? Talk through just how you see defy and kind of what I'll call a lot of kind of like,  Um, to be responsive to that, like it's, you know, it's three months or the year, everyone was asking about options and wanting us to improve our options offering. No one's asked about options in the last three months. Like no one cares anymore. They probably, they will get in four months, you know? And, and when was the last time you heard about Derebit? Right? Like probably like April. Um, that doesn't mean it's dead. It means like, you know, in six months, maybe Derebit's all people are going to talk about it.  It means that when the world's moving to DeFi, we try and offer DeFi products and it's a little bit tricky. You could do some of that with FTX, right? Like we listed compound markets, sure. You can list DeFi tokens on the exchange. And we're sort of one of the first exchanges to start doing that. Because we got a lot of interest and demand in it. But there's a problem. The problem is that FTX is not  thoughts. The first is that a lot of the products had serious shortcomings. But the second was that there's some really cool shit there. And, you know, some things that sort of, I first of all, just found like the on-chain governance, the idea of that really cool and really powerful and sort of surprisingly sleek and like, I sort of like surprised that that just worked. And you could make it just work, although obviously theoretically you could. But second of all, I think  plus compound or something like that, you know, sushi swap plus alpha or, you know, whatever you want. Like, um, you can in one transaction do a margin trade on the decks. And the way you do it is, I mean, you serve like, get the leverage from the bar lending protocol and the Deltas from, from, from the decks, you know, basically send one thing to our lending protocol, use it for another thing, send it back to the decks and buy the first thing with it. And now you've gotten levered in it. Um, but the really cool thing about  you can just glue all the shit together. And that's just really cool. And it's super powerful. And it means that you can have a lot of people working on a community kit together and all building useful things for it. And not independent things were just the best one wins. Things that add together. So anyway, that's what struck me as one of the most powerful things about DeFi. But also just, yeah, the products were a little underwhelming.  cooperative than CFI is. People are all building together, but in some sense, it's also a lot more toxic. At least in places, and I don't know, there's sort of been a bunch of things that sort of combine to do that, but just sort of throwing some of them out there. One thing obviously is protocols. There are big believers in a lot of protocols.  independent of whether they're right. Like, you know, I mean, they can't all be right. Like, Maxwell's for two different communities. It's a little hard for those to both be right, at least in the strong version of them. But, um, but you know, maybe one could, but, but sort of one way or another, like there's a lot of flaming that goes on from. Adherence to one community towards other communities and other projects, again, which isn't to say like one of them might be right, but one way or another, there is a lot of toxicity there.  and want people to build on it and stuff. And the deal you make is you're going to hand out most of the value of it. You're just going to drop the token on its users in order to get other people to use it and incentivize to build on it. And yeah, you give them yield for that. And that vision is not crazy. And if you think that DeFi is worth tens of billions of dollars, then it could be a fair bit of value that you get out of this.  But at its heart, what is it? You build a product and it's a product people can use. You know, maybe it's a borrow lending protocol. Maybe it's a DEX. Whatever. Let's for now say that it's a borrow lending protocol. That's where this all started. And what you say is, all right, I want a lot of people to be borrowing and lending for my protocol. Right. And what do we mean by borrow lending protocol? Something like compound or off a where  that applies people to start using it, building on it, integrating with it. And so what you do is you say, all right, first of all, all the revenue is going to go to this token. You create a token, it's the equivalent of an exchange token, a protocol token, whatever. And you say all the revenue for my projects going to this token with compound is calm. And what we're going to do is for the next three months, we're just going to every day, airdrop a thousand tokens.  give up most of your tokens or some or a lot, I mean, depends on the project. And they get yield and what yield means here is basically like, they're putting up $1,000 of capital and every day they're getting $1 of the token airdrops. And so they're getting 10 reps a day on their capital, just literally putting it there and lending it out. And the yield is coming in the form of the protocol token that's being airdropped on them. And the vision is now all of a sudden all these people who use  When people are doing this, just to summarize, the whole idea is to incentivize users to adopt my product or my network over another one, and therefore, basically, I pay some rate of return for them adopting that, right? That's right. Over another one or over just doing nothing, but yeah. Okay. The interest, I think, is, or the return on some of these, I think, is where, especially people who come with the traditional order, like, wait, what is going on? Because  bonds or something, and they're going to pay you interest each year. You're like, great, what's the interest? It's like 6% a year. Sure. Like, all right, that's a number that I find plausible. I'm sort of like, is that better or worse than putting it in the stock market? I don't know. Maybe it's a little worse, a little safer, or whatever. Anything between like 1% and 15% a year is sort of like normal land, and crypto interest rates are higher. There are a lot of ways to think about this, but just generally, crypto interest rates are like 20% a year, roughly.  Also, why are they paying you so much money? Where is it coming from? This is way too much. You could have said 100, and I would have been amazed at it. That's ridiculous. It's your thoughts, this has to be a scam. This is the send one Bitcoin to us and we'll send you two back type scam. What's actually happening there is, well, mechanically, what happened was,  Yeah, time horizons are shrinking. They want their protocol to do well soon. So they're like, we're not going to pass out these tokens over the next two years. Let's just do over the next two weeks. Why wait? So yeah, it's a tiny yield for two weeks. We're getting away most of the value of the protocol to users. And that's the trade we're making in return for getting a lot of users. And it's a little weird because people should be putting a ton of money in. Like that should be drawing  is a hyperinflating token, you're not actually giving out value there. And so another thing that might be happening is that the token's price is actually crashing just as fast as it's paying you. So you don't make money for doing this. Or maybe it's a scam, they're going to steal all your money somehow. And so those are sort of the pessimistic takes. Are these just like the new ICOs? Yeah, I mean, they're not exactly the new ICOs. I mean, there's differences and everyone will  and  If you almost comment from a hedge fund perspective where a hedge fund says, I don't care what the asset is, it's all numbers on the screen and basically I'm just looking for things I can buy low that go up and then I can sell higher and make a return. That seems to be the people who are thriving in this environment. Yeah. I know I've retweeted this a number of times, although it's not actually my quote. It's a group CMS. It's a cool firm who coined this.  And just say, can you make money yield farming? The answer is yes, you can make money yield farming. You make a lot. You don't have to lose a lot. I mean, it's, you know, if you just yield farm scams, then you're just going to lose all your money. And if you don't understand that tokens can crash and that their prices can move, even if they're not scams, then you're going to end up yield farming and all the pools are probably going to crash. So it's not like you can only make money doing it, but there are ways that we're actually  new project that has nothing in it. If you put in a million dollars, you'll double the total amount of money in it, you'll have all the returns and no one's going to be there to buy the tokens you're farming. Some of them, the answer is you can put 10,000 in and if you do a whole lot more than that, you're just killing your return. Others, different ones are different sizes. What you should be thinking is a combination of two things. First, how much you  is the world doing this? How much impact will I have doing it? How much liquidity will there be in this token ever since mining? Can I sell it? Not that you necessarily will sell it, but can you sell it as the ultimate truth of like, is it real money? If you're getting all this yield, but you can't sell the yield, sort of assign me the yields fake. But if you could sell it, then even if you don't, maybe it's kind of real. And so anyway, to answer your question, on the low side, almost none for some of these, on the high side,  And the number's about a billion. That's about how big the world can do this. Probably more, probably a few billion dollars worth of funds. And it sort of has to be that big because it's been like a billion dollars handed out. And if you could have gotten all of that for like a hundred million dollars, that's like a ridiculously good trade. I mean, there's a lot of ridiculously good trades, but 10Xing in a month is pretty good. And so then you say, okay, but you couldn't actually put that much at work, right?  the biggest they've gotten. If you look at how much dye was being, you had many hundreds of millions of dye in compound at one point. You had hundreds of millions of dollars of bat in compound at one point. You've had a billion dollars in sushi swap, you've had a billion dollars in curve. Balancer had hundreds of millions of dollars yield farming. Yeah, I think a billion's about as big  Just you know chaos in crypto. Oh, yeah in every positive way and every negative way combined in one thing Tell us kind of just your perspective of what's played out so far. Oh, it's been a fucking soap opera. I mean, it's it's insane It's I I mean, I thought that I'd seen some insane things, but this is so much weirder. Um, so yeah, it is one of the wheel the yield farming pools They did their yield farming on on units walk  Well, not even stop and turn on revenue, but if it turned on revenue, then maybe you swap, right? Like exchanges and it sort of fits high volume. It's an exchange. I think it's like an underrated point that like, you know, if you look at what like, like curve has maximized the hell out of their position and they've done an amazing job on what they are, what there is a stable coin to stable coin liquidity pool.  your goal is to incentivize usage and to kind of get a user base and grow it out. What easier place to do that than on a current version of the product. So what it did was it started out not by building sushi swap the exchange, but by just having people farm sushi by using Uniswap. And sort of the natural crowd then to give sushi to and then to fork and create sushi swap.  pushing it?  minus on the memes, to go with a solid A on the product and say, okay, sure. As far as food coins go, that's way ahead of the curve. The curve is B and D minus respectively. So A minus and A is really good. Okay, so it got huge. Sushi was huge. Sushi was one of the most varied points in the world. I second most maybe caught up to Ethereum one day. I don't know. It's like right around Ethereum level.  to some sushi and then it was about to have the great migration, which is like this point at which I, sushi swap the exchange, the DEX was gonna become a thing. It was gonna fork off from Uniswap and try and migrate people's liquidity from Uniswap to SushiSwap. And like a day and a half before that, No-Me, the face behind the project and one of the founding developers,  so much in centralized finance, but they started the project treasury, like the funds to be spent growing the project out. So it's not like they stole all the users' money. That would be like really bad. Yeah. It basically was the idea of what was being airdropped was coming out of a bank account, right? And they took a bank account. So it was not something that users had given them. It was something that they kind of had created, but it had value. It ended up being like $13 million or  what it was and whose it was. And maybe we should have rushed to get a multi-sig control affix, it's just no means sig. But also maybe rather than rushing to, at least we should have like clarified the ground rules for it. Now, if there had been some sort of informal verification of rough ground rules, and it was not exactly adhering to them. Like there's not what anyone had thought was sort of gonna happen or  but they were not and, and, and, and sushi's always sort of like nearly dead. And it's weird, like sort of is all, it all kept going on as it had before it's the token had crashed and never had lost their confidence in the founder and the project and there's no more treasury. So, okay, not great. And it was like, it's sort of amazing that there hadn't been huge like rug poles or,  all of a sudden when it started to like really, really go up, people started tweeting it at me. So I kind of spent my obligatory like, you know, 20 minutes Googling. Okay. I kind of sort of understand it just enough to know what bucket to put it in mentally, but didn't really go deep on it. And then all of a sudden when the treasury was taken, literally my feed was just filled with anger, hate, laughing. I mean, just every emotion in the world coming from different people that I told you so crowd,  That was pretty fucking wild. I, like many people, were not excited about the developments with the Treasury. I think I was a little more sympathetic than some people were. Just in that, I thought that there was legitimate ambiguity about what had been intended. Not that I thought this was an appropriate use of them, but that I also felt legitimately  made everyone for us all is bad, bad for everyone. Like it's, and you know, the honest truth is if like you had never done that and she's like worked really hard for the project and maybe it'd be a great thing. And then eventually it was sort of like, Hey guys, like, like, I think that like, you know, I should get a percent of the tokens. And I think people have been like, yeah, that sounds right. You know, that sounds like a, like you deserve that. And, uh,