 Alright guys, bang bang. I have a very very special treat for you today. Robert is here. Thank you so much for doing this, sir. Welcome. My pleasure. Alright. So for those that don't know, you are the brain behind Dunkin Donuts and the absolute epic scale that that business ultimately achieved. Maybe we could talk a little bit about just your background before Dunkin Donuts and kind of where you grew up.  mandatory military service and then after that went to graduate school and I graduated business school in 1963 and lo and behold that time my father turned to me and what I can only describe as a breathtaking moment asked me if I wouldn't take over the CEO ship of his business then called Universal Food Systems which were eight little businesses and as you can imagine  the national chain and really kind of scale the business or was that something that just kind of naturally happened? Like when you took over a CEO, what was the goal? The real goal was to try to keep the family business in the family. My dad was eighth grade educated guy. He always wanted to be a millionaire after taxes. He had had a partner, his brother-in-law, who he split that partnership. They didn't get along. The partner, my uncle, started a competitive donor  And he had really left the day-to-day management of the business to an executive vice president, a former Montgomery Ward executive. And basically, I thought that I could do a better job in terms of rationalizing the business, putting it on the right track than my predecessor, who was this fellow who was running the business on a day-to-day basis. So my aspirations really were to please my dad, keep the family business from being sold, and try to grow it. But in terms of a big,  What are some of the lessons learned or takeaways that you had from that 35 year journey? There's so many stories in there. There's so many different things that you probably remember, but what are the big kind of takeaways if you had to summarize it? In my book, really, it's a buffet of lessons, stories and experiences that can apply to almost anyone, not only in business, but people just designing a life. So it depends upon where an individual might be. My own personal experience is that when I read a book, attend a seminar,  them, I think could be illuminating. The importance of perseverance, second chances, I think, are critical. If you're joining a family business, the unique opportunities and challenges that are inherent in that may be helpful. If you're trying to scale a midsizer or an emerging business larger, the issues about planning that we found useful, how we basically recruited, retained, motivated, I consider to be a phenomenal  country if the leadership is faulty, if the character the leader is wanting, then almost all that follows will be a problem. And the only way it changes, you can't change it from the middle, you can't change it from the bottom. The only way you can really change it is if the leader changes. And so that's a critical lesson. And the functions of what our CEO does, the four critical functions that I found that I had to focus on, like hope will be useful to others and add value to others.  of Domino's and Sonic and kind of these other types of businesses. And as you think back, how much of what you were learning as an operator at Dunkin Donuts gave you the ability to kind of be a good board member, be a good sounding board and governor of those other businesses, right? Were there a lot of kind of common lessons and common challenges and obstacles that each of these businesses were going through? Or did you find that even though they were kind of in the food services  Chain operated small box retailers I call them. They either utilize franchise as a method of distribution and it could have been in the automotive industry or or it could have been in the food service industry and and I did find uh That on a board that there is an advantage to having an operator alongside other types People who understand governance people who understand maybe international market what other issues that business may be facing I think comprise an effective board  And so obviously a lot of what you've kind of learned and I think built your career on was finding the best people, right? And kind of just whether it was other board members, or other people, or other people, or other people, or other people. And so, you know, I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing.  potential and competency.  was to have in the team the complementarity of skills that we really would support and lift each other up. So long as you had mutual respect, no backmiting, which was not allowed in our culture. We basically wouldn't put up with that. And the third thing was fit. And you had to fit the culture. And the culture, in our case, was a teamwork, aspirations you had. We liked to win. Winning was a part of us. Just DNA.  that that's a key piece to this is if you just go out and say, hey, we want to hire somebody, you obviously can make all kinds of mistakes. But when you say we specifically want to hire somebody based on these three criteria, that focus seems to drastically increase the probability that you do it the right way. Right? Agree. Absolutely. Great. Yeah. Today's environment in both the public and private markets could be described as frothy if I was to be kind. And there's all kinds of craziness and people are scratching their head as to what's going  Having a public company is a great tool with stock options to be able to attract and retain and be able to punch above your weight if you've got a growth company. That's a huge advantage. By the same token, quarterly earnings can be a terrible, tight noose around your neck. When you really have to make some longer-term investments in weight in an environment that historically had been maximizing shareholder  as holdings and not have the company sold. We didn't need a lot of capital. I would have invented phantom stock options to replicate those of a public company and I would have stayed private. Yeah. And it's really interesting, I think, today too, when the equation almost changes or the evaluation, when the public markets will just be so disjointed, it seems like, from traditional multiples and things like that.  My case, and I broke the 35 years into six distinct eras. The first five years we were magical. We made little mistakes. We moved from success to success. The second five years, once we were a publicly owned company, that success became a terrible impediment to the future success. We were growing the first five years at 50% compound. I basically changed the mission and objectives now as a public company to try to maintain  of strategy and how important it is if you're aiming at the wrong target, the kind of cataclysmic result that that can create and how is the leader you can take a whole team and franchise these and everybody along with you. A lesson I never forgot and implied it in the next four eras, five years each, never look back again. But that is the seduction of a public ownership. It was hard to put a wise head on the ground  being a 30-year-old who had a bunch of success. And as a 32-year-old, you always remind yourself, like, yeah, I probably am acting arrogant compared to my future self. I will look back and be like, I knew nothing. Talk to you a little bit. What did you do in the moment to try to surround yourself with maybe people who were older or who had more experience or could help you understand the things that you didn't know? Were there specific things you did? Or was it literally just trial by fire?  administration of the Vietnamese War. And what he maintained in his book was, although the administration was comprised of the best and brightest, most well-educated people that our country had to provide, they were basically basing their numbers on far reports, body counts, never going into the hamlets in the villages where the war was being waged to really find out what was going to happen. They suffered from what Alberstam called hubris.  to be able to manage major strategic decisions. So it occurred as a result of a lightning strike from a book, but then we began to set processes and policies in place to ensure that we didn't do that again. In fact, when we sat down and we discussed it as a management team, we decided that each of us would go into the field and each year visit 100 locations, talk directly to franchises, travel with district managers, get a feel.  We would continually improve the system and then people got buy-in and it was wonderful. We went and apologized for the oversights of a bad strategy before we took full responsibility, not 50-50, 100-0. Wouldn't blame leadership if problems occurred, take full responsibility. Wouldn't blame the team mates, I teammates if problems occurred. Leadership would take 100% of responsibility. So a lot of learning comes from making mistakes and that was the case.  training. I was a squad leader and in advanced individual training I was platoon leader. So I was responsible for my men getting ready for guard duty and KP, getting into class on time, ensuring that they were there when they were asking for extra leave on weekends with the captain of the company. So it helped me understand the importance of taking care of my team. I think other lessons really can, a lot of my lessons in terms of what a CEO does actually came out of business school. My second  important element of it was what I learned from my colleagues. I had exceptional teammates. And there's a book that really touched me by Michael Eisner, of all people, who talked about working together and the beauty of, if you look behind you, lift the curtain of most enterprises and in life too, in families, you won't find one person on a white horse that comes in and saves the day. What you generally find is a couple of people at least who love each other,  you'll generally find that symbiotic relationship exists elsewhere. So I learned a lot from my teammates. They really were an exceptional group of people. We were together for a long time and I owe them a great deal. Yeah, that's amazing. One of the things that you guys did very, very well was you kind of continued to reinvent what was on the menu and kind of innovate and keep pushing forward in terms of the offerings that you had. There's things like the munchkins or the culottas  Munchkins was an idea that surfaced from our Hartford franchise owners, a lady by the name of Edna Demery, a wife of our franchise owner, Bob Demery. She created Munchkins. But later on, it became very sophisticated and very process-oriented. Basically, we had a first rate marketing department. We had product managers for bakery, beverage, and donut categories. Their job was to continually search the marketplace, the competition, the consumer. We took ideas every day.  now pretty much commonplace. When we started, we modeled our performance way back when we first ran into trouble. In the early 70s, we were using Jay Forrest's concept of modeling, and we wanted to grow earnings at least 15%. That drove us to keep innovating and adjusting. You need to plant saplings well in advance of the time that you might need those earnings. Those that worked out well, we've watered them and make sure that they grew, and those that didn't work out so well, we'd stop.  defendable brands. And so obviously there's some value to that. Talk about how important that was, how intentional the brand building and kind of how you saw that as an asset as you built these businesses. I think brand is hugely important to me. A brand is a shorthand for the goods and services on offer. And for the consumer, it basically is a time saver. Their most precious asset is time.  the Mr. Donut chain and rebadged it. Then we were among very few who were in the position to really measure brands. So in New England where the Duncan brand was much stronger than the Mr. Brand, same store, same operator, a minor remodeling, a change from the Mr. Sign to the Duncan Sign, sales went up 40%. Let me repeat that, 40% value of a brand. In markets where we had similar distribution, some places in Pennsylvania, sales went up 20%.  hundreds of thousands of dollars to a store. Interesting about that is why do you think that? Is it because there's a trust with the brand and especially in the food services retail chain business, they know what they're going to get when they walk in and so there's this promise of consistency and value or is it something else as to why the brand was so powerful when you would go into markets? Trust is important in every relationship. It's essential and no success in relationship.  service restaurant business, uh, runs on two things, always has, it seems to continue to this day and it really runs on value and convenience and value is more than price value as a whole series of attributes. One of which is trust. I think I place a high value on trust. Reliability is one element that builds that trust. For sure. And so you built an amazing team. You built an amazing business. Um, one of the challenges of running  kind of the national service worker level? Well, part of it was the planning process. Everybody was involved. And everybody had a clear view of what our purpose was, what our mission, what our objectives were, what the four or five strategic levers we were going to pull in any one year to reach scarce resource of achievement of those objectives, and then the tactics that supported that. And we used that common planning language throughout, even for franchisees and district meetings. We would have them  constant contact in terms of ensuring that everybody sort of was subscribing and aligned. Communication became extremely important. And every one of these methods and processes was designed in order to accomplish that. But a lot of it, in my view, starts with really having consistent planning language and engaging everybody in it and utilizing it year in and year out. I find in a lot of cases where people aren't clear about defining terms that can be an awful lot of misery and unhappiness. And morale, we would take temperature  the mood, the teamwork that we were trying to engender, the culture we were trying to engender was on track. When it was off, that was like a red alarm fire for us in terms of finding out why, what went wrong, and how to fix it. Yeah. One of the keys to building a national brand and business like you did was obviously making investments and kind of thinking about where you were going to focus your time, resources, and energy. How did you think about kind of evaluating  and more day parts, you've got to make sure that the offering, it really does provide a sustainable competitive advantage. So first investments generally went to ensure the product quality delivered on what it promised to be. And after that, it was pretty standard stuff, I would say. The things that competed so long as they were within the mission were basically whether or not it would provide at the store level something on the order of at least a 15% ROI before we would ask a franchise  that they would stop following us, that they wouldn't listen in the future. And so we would search around until we found the right combination of factors. In our case, we found a gating variable for that was that if there were more than four people in line, there was a 25% block rate in terms of customers turning away. One out of four would leap. So we found out that we had to have more throughput in terms of more registers and more touch points with customers. The point being is that we ensured that we had to have a minimum ROI.  found that same-store sales were slipping and the fast food area as the baby boomers were aging and they were moving to casual dining operations. We took a license for Chili's and we began to invest some money in Chili's, hopefully to plan those saplings for future growth. As it turned out, events worked out, so I had to sell that business and so never really was able to keep it to fruition. But that was the one diversification that we did make the required capital. Other than that, most of the investments were  that the Dunkin' brand and core business had significant upside and also control over that brand quality. Where was that balance found? Basically, it started with one of the three objectives that the company had. I talk about mission objectives. In our case, it was a 15% compound rate of growth. The second objective we had as a company was to ensure at least a 15% ROI  And we're currently doing so those are my two standard questions, but we would we were driven by by that that return and we were and today less understood that a franchisee and Is in business for himself but not by himself He has the advantage having a large company and when we changed the way we went to market away from manufacturing product in each and every store to sometimes doing that  that run into the hundreds of stores and net worths that are in the tens of millions of dollars as franchisees. Most people don't realize the tremendous wealth potential that a franchise can offer. When people consider entrepreneurship, this is something they should really give a look at. Today in a lot of communities, the pillars of those communities could be automobile dealers, John Deere dealerships, Dunkin Donut franchise owners, and a community.  It is called Around the Corner to Around the World, a dozen lessons I learned running Dunkin Donuts. Robert, you are fantastic and a wealth of knowledge. Before I let you go, I ask everybody the same two questions and then you'll get to ask me one to finish up. The first one is, what is the most important book that you ever read in your career? I would go back and say Halberstam because of the influence it had on me. And it's a lesson I never learned.  number of terrific books, all of which I've listed in the back of the book that have influenced me that I've found useful over time. Awesome. The second question is a new one for listeners. I used to ask people if they believed in aliens and I got tired of hearing everyone tell me yes. So I'm going to try a new one, which is who is your business hero? Who's somebody that you look up to and think, you know, that you tried to emulate throughout your career?  They are so much more sophisticated and on target and on than I was at 30. I admire a lot of them. But of all of them, I think it was now middle age. But I think Bill Gates probably is one of the better models for people to follow. You can't go wrong with picking him for that answer for sure. You get to ask me one question to end this. What one question do you have for me? What part of this resonated with you?  person who's going to take responsibility when things go wrong and then hopefully shower all of the praise on everyone else when things go right. Whoever that person is, you go the way of the leader. I think that people easily forget that because there's so much complexity in business and things can get much more nuanced. But at the end of the day, if you have good leadership, then you can usually figure out the problems and figure out a way to thrive. You got that right. You take the pain when things go wrong.