 All right, guys, bang, bang. Got Tor here. How are you doing, man? Thank you so much for doing this. Dude, it's my pleasure. Thanks so much for having me on. Absolutely. I know you're serious about this because you got the real deal headphones. You got the microphone attached. You're ready to go. Yes, I attached my microphone so you could hear me. I put the headphones on noise canceling mode so nobody can bother me. I'm ready as I'll ever be. I love it.  thrown a lot around in the blockchain space, people being like, be your own bank and things like that. I was very attracted to the Bitcoin ethos. But then I kind of discovered that a lot of people don't really understand what it takes to actually be self-soffering. And it does take a degree of privacy. And right now, privacy is essentially a luxury good, the world over. The way I see it, privacy should be a public good. And if we can use technologies like blockchain to make that a reality for  I love that. So for people who don't understand the importance of privacy, let's just start there because I think people hear that and they're like, oh yeah, that sounds great. Like everyone should have privacy. But then when they are faced with like the consumer trade off of convenience versus privacy, they almost always choose convenience. So maybe let's just start with like, why is privacy so important? Yeah, privacy is, I mean, there's actually a great Apple commercial airing right now. I kind of wish I'd written it, but the one where everybody's walking around and it's a girl with a Mexico,  as not being sold to Cambridge Analytica or elsewhere. That's never going to be something we can ask consumers to do. Consumers will always choose convenience. The problem is that they've never had a real choice. We've never created a technology or a platform that also had the network effects, that also had the usability that protected users. We've had things like Facebook or Google where the entire business model is give you the thing for free. Now you're the product. Now they monetize it. And that entire surplus between  much, but it's not just a technology barrier we're talking about. It will be an education barrier as well. So I'm ready to fight that battle. But as you said, it's going to be a battle. Yeah. And what feels like is there are some technologies in like the centralized world that are realizing the only way to get people to have privacy kind of preservation is to build it in and use the company's ethos. Right. So Apple is a great example of one. There's some others. Do you feel like  And I didn't really believe that would happen, but all sorts of people were thinking like, this is finally it's going to manifest all those like 2 billion, 3 billion users are suddenly going to migrate somewhere else. Facebook has effectively monopoly power for the thing that it does. You know, it's, it's a duopoly with Google for the entire online advertising space. So even if you have a smaller company, like a duck duck go or what have you that has more of a private company, you know, you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the store and you can't just go to the  cool with where we are now. If we're just like, that's fine, five companies, that's it, that's all we're ever going to need. That's the choice that we're all making. But I would prefer to think that consumers will first make the choice that, hey, maybe having Amazon and Facebook be the most powerful entities in the world, no longer like global governments, maybe that's just as bad, perhaps worse. And then they start thinking about what is this third alternative? Maybe something that's closer to the blockchain space where there are more things that are community governed, that are user centric.  privacy and protect people. One that people are probably not familiar with, and frankly, I'm not nearly as familiar with it as you are, is secret. So maybe talk a little bit about just what is being built there, what has been built, what are the kind of vision or ideals and ethos that the community is going after. Yeah, that nothing would delight me more than to get to talk about that. So secret network is one of these projects in the blockchain space that's primarily concerned first and  constantly tweeting out your bank account. So you have every transaction, you know, even if it's pseudonymous, right? It's all traceable back to this address. And it's not about, I say this a lot when it comes to privacy, it's not about wanting to hide something. It's just like, it's a security threat when you do something like that. Or as the Apple commercial is showing you, like there, you just want to have a choice. You want to be able to say, this can be public, this can be private. Right now, blockchains are kind of worse for privacy than anything that came before them because there is no choice.  it or because nobody thought privacy was worthwhile. It's because this is one of the hardest technical problems to solve in the space. And we've been at it. I would say, uh, secret contracts, as we call them, this privacy preserving smart contract stuff has been in development for the past three years. And it's only now September, 2020 that it's actually finally coming to main net. And that's why I'm excited in particular to be talking about it because it's no longer just one of those pipe dreams, right? Like it's going to be in production. People are going to be building stuff. It's going to be.  get into some specific use cases. Like I like to ask people like, cause they're like, what am I going to ever use this for? Like consumers don't even care about privacy. Where's this going to be? I'm like, well, they do care about privacy. It just manifests a little differently. Like imagine you want to build a decentralized Uber. Uh, if you do that with blockchains right now, basically, if you want to implement that, you're giving your home address to everybody, not just your driver, right? With centralized apps, there's all kinds of permissioning involved because they're centralizing it in a giant database.  a risk for liquidity providers on these platforms. You can get front run so easily. It's actually disastrous. The only reason it hasn't imploded yet is because there's really no other choice. People are so driven to speculation that they're willing to compromise their own privacy. Where I see some of the key use cases being is basically anywhere there's already been a decentralized application built, imagine it with privacy so that we have the same standards in this space that we do in the regular world. Build a DEX with privacy.  all public by design, but with secret contracts, you can have access control, meaning you could subscribe to a particular source of this link. The link would only ever be encrypted, and therefore you would provably be able to say, I am the only person with the access to this content. So for artists and content producers, you need something like Secret Network to exist. Let's say you're trying to build a Patreon competitor too. This is the kind of fundamental protocol level innovation that's going to have to exist if we want to meaningfully compete with the centralized world.  and building their applications is allow it to be privacy by default and then the users can opt out. But that's not the way that literally every platform works today. And so as this technology gets developed, one of the things that I'm really interested in is we see a privacy technology that's built on this secret network. Does this force the hand of other blockchains, other development teams to start to implement these general purpose  We want to show them how to integrate secret network with their own projects. They can choose of course, to build entirely on secret network. We have our own independent consensus. So like we have a standalone application universe, but we're building bridges to Ethereum. We're building bridges to the cosmos universe. We'd love to build bridges to other ecosystems as well, like as the demand is there. And the idea is that like we can bring privacy. The way that we've designed secret network is to bring privacy to every public blockchain without feeling like  And so, you know, we're really having the technology pull the users, right? In many industries, kind of, especially once they reach some level of maturation, what you get is the users start to pull the technologist. So, people start to say, hey, we should do like the lean startup method and iterative building, and we should go out, we should figure out like what is the optimizations that people want on the products they're already using, and then we'll create those, and that'll create a lot of value, and we can capture some level of the value that we create. Here, what's happening is actually a lot of the innovation and ideation  of millions of users that exist beyond the developers that are going to have to pick this stuff up and run with it. So you start to live inside of an echo chamber where it's devs building for devs. And when you, I'm a little biased here, but like, if you hand something over entirely to a team of developers and you don't have anybody thinking about it from the business development perspective or from like the user perspective, ultimately they end up designing for maximum complexity and everything hooks up to everything else. You get these crazy like integrated D five  You need to create a sustainable and secure platform that they can come to and be like, if I show up here, my money's not going to be gone in a week. Like a DeFi platform, that's not going to bankrupt you because you, you didn't audit the smart contract yourself. I don't go in and look at every like piece of code on every app I download onto my iPhone. I trust that because it's in the Apple store, it has some degree of security. And like, if we want retail adoption, you know, from end user consumer, like I never use retail as a pejorative. I just mean regular people.  else come close in the near future. So rather than like me try to say like, I'm going to fix it from day one, like I would just rather see like, how can we help those platforms like Bitcoin and Ethereum, like serve their users that they already have even better expand their presence with end users, even better so that we don't end up in the situation where it's just devs building for devs, we create a parallel universe. And meanwhile, surveillance capitalism carries on without us, we wake up in five years, we realize we live in a global surveillance state, and we're all screwed.  what you guys are doing in terms of hey let's make the functionality available to developers first then let's start to get some of the applications where this is in use and kind of can be proven out as a viable use case and then that's when those end users will start to interact with it even if they may not understand that's what they're doing. Yeah I mean that's definitely what worked for ethereum at first is like having something that was just it wasn't even about like they went out and they paid a bunch of money to a bunch of developers and somehow like bootstrapped  cases, like I was saying, for access control, but anything related to like privacy preserving voting, privacy preserving auctions, privacy preserving lending platforms where you don't want to expose everything you've ever done in order to qualify for some sort of like on-chain loan. Like you could only build those on secret by making the technology compelling enough to developers and showing them how you can build unique applications in the space. What we're doing is we're letting them carve out their own role in our ecosystem. And so they say, I'm not late. You know, like I, I, I  when you are trying to reach developers in these early stages. It's that two piece promise of we promise we will continue to give you groundbreaking, interesting tech that creates a really cool sandbox, but we also promise to help you find a way to make this self sustainable so that you can continue to build in this space and feel like you have that support. Got it. And so as you go deeper on these use cases, like I think the probably most obvious use case that people have seen for the privacy protecting technology  realistically, it's not. I mean, it's a privacy platform, but it's something that you kind of have to do a lot of education on because the word privacy has become meaning like Monero. It's like you're sending something to somebody else. You can't see who sent it. You can't see who received it. You can't, you know, like that's, that's what people think of when they think of privacy in the blockchain space. And, you know, from this conversation, I hope people are realizing like privacy is so much more. It's the way privacy works in the real world. We call it programmable privacy. Programmable privacy, meaning you can have arbitrary  right, and trigger other actions. You're creating a privacy by design, like a fully decentralized platform. So Zcash and Monero are very different, for example, from what Secret does. But what's possible with Secret Network is that you can actually issue Secret tokens on the blockchain. So like you have ERC20s on Ethereum, right, you can send these tokens around to people. They can sit in like your MetaMask wallet or something else. You can trade these tokens. You can use them in applications. Similarly, you can have Secret tokens on Secret Network.  that holds that token, you can't actually see the entire transaction history. What this means is the more people who use secret tokens and things that you build on secret network, you are gaining privacy proportional to the actions of everybody else in the ecosystem. So that means like basically a global anonymity set for all of the secret tokens on secret network. And in this way, I guess what I've been using lately, sorry about the COVID times, this is triggering for me too, but it's like vaccination.  that are standalone like Zcash or Monero. And so really the idea here is to kind of use this as a scalable platform where not only are you innovating on the actual privacy technology itself, but then you create these almost like launch pads, right? You can come in and you can create all sorts of applications. You can create assets that are all privacy preserving. You already mentioned a little bit kind of the Ethereums and the Bitcoins of the world, you know, saying, Hey, look, that's a great idea around these general purpose private smart contracts.  one side of the marketplace, right? So I think of kind of the supply of applications and then there's the demand of users. Is the foundation, the network and the existing developer community, is the thought process that they'll end up creating most of the applications to bring in those users? Or is this something where there's active activities to go and get kind of new developers, new companies and projects to come in and build on top of the platform? Yeah, it took me a second to figure out what you're asking, but actually you're asking like an extremely critical question.  global adoption and awareness of these privacy centric open source technologies. It takes the burden off us to have to say like, this is our protocol. Like we're not taking ownership of the tech or of the code. We're taking ownership of the community. We're taking ownership of the growth trajectory of the network. Like it puts us in a position where we can focus on what we want to do best, which is help make sure people actually use this stuff at the end of the day. Meanwhile, there's development teams who contribute at a protocol level. So the key development team in our ecosystem is Enigma.  and  blocks down, now it's up to the developer community to tell us how they think these things can be used. If they come back and they say, actually, we can't use these things, then we have to make better building blocks. But if they come back and they say, Hey, we integrated this in our application, it runs 10 times faster, users are protected. Then we know we've got something. We know we have that product market fit. And then the entire secret network ecosystem can completely reorient all of our efforts around supporting specifically those use cases in the early stage of the network. So by being a decentralized ecosystem,  Obviously, no, it's a really interesting question because it really depends what happens to the world. Like if the world changes over the next five to 10 years dramatically, so I think it's changed pretty dramatically in the last eight months. But like look over the next like decade, what are the trends you think are gonna occur globally? And so one of those trends, as I was saying is what is going to be the role of nation states versus corporations? What does that mean for self sovereignty and these decentralized networks? My thesis has always been that  like the world of today and much like, you know, it used to be like, uh, you know, if people had thought about what's the Henry Ford quote or whatever, he was like, if I, you'd ask people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses kind of a thing. So let's take that for a second. You take the world of today and we just say, well, where can secret network plug into like the enterprise world today? I would say privacy is one of the key things that's preventing enterprise adoption of the public blockchain ecosystem. So even just looking in the next few years, thinking about how can secret networks start onboarding more of these enterprise  real world use case or like, for example, healthcare since we're in the middle of a pandemic, Enigma built this product called Safe Trace and it's privacy preserving contact tracing. Contact tracing was a big topic earlier this year thinking like if I've been in contact with an infected individual, I want to know. At the same time, I don't want to tell everybody in the world my infection status. I don't want to tell the government exactly where I'm located at all times. Enigma built this POC to be able to say, here's a way to do secure  that could misuse that data. So there's the 10 year vision of like, is the world gonna collapse? I don't know. But even if it doesn't, there's a ton of ways that I think this technology is relevant today that I can't wait to get started building just because it'll help expand what's possible with these technologies versus the insular world we've lived in for the past few years. What needs to happen outside of your own efforts in terms of the network and the community?  like that. If people start to understand, there's no way to put our crazy square peg crypto universe in the round holes of traditional regulation. We're not out here to do anything crazy. Obviously, some people are, but to take advantage of people. Privacy is the opposite. We're here to protect people. If we can help the governments and enterprises and regulators of the world understand that privacy is about protecting the same people that they're trying to protect, and we get the tailwind of that support and adoption,  going on in the world. And I just don't think we'll ever get global adoption if that's our attitude. And the reason we have to have an attitude adjustment is we can't allow ourselves to be left out of the conversation. Because if you leave it up to the surveillance states of the world, we will end up in the dystopia that we don't like. And if we're just going to bury our heads in the sand and try to say, we're going to build a parallel universe, we don't need the regulators to understand, we don't need the enterprises to understand, then they're going to build something without us to  in terms of this is where we're going. In terms of this is where we're going when I'm saying like, which part? The part where I'm hopeful that everything works out for the best and we do integrate with normal society or the part where I'm wrong and everything burns down. The idea that you have of like, hey, the world is going in the wrong direction. What could happen that would change your mind on that? Yeah, honestly, what I want to see is  for somebody who runs a government to be able to say, we are working with the creators of these decentralized technologies to build these privacy preserving applications for our citizens, because we believe this is the best way to protect our citizens. Like people listen to people in positions of authority. And when right now, when we look at the world, I see a lot of people in positions of authority that I don't really want to listen to at all, because they just don't understand the fundamentals of the technologies maybe that they're talking about. But also a lot of them just don't seem to have the best interests of the people  And that's, you know, that would be the downside. That's the scary scenario. That's the thing I have to stay scared of because it's what gets me up in the morning to keep trying to build out what we're trying to do. That would be very, very scary world. If that's actually what is occurring. Um, before we get into rapid fire to finish up, where can people find you on the internet and where can they find you on the internet? And where can they find you on the internet? And where can they find you on the internet? And where can they find you on the internet? And where can they find you on the internet?  a lot on all of those pages about what's being built, about our ecosystem. There's links to all of our chat and community channels. We got thousands of people in our community channels who would love to connect with you, especially if you're personally passionate about privacy. And yeah, like I just started up my own podcast series again. I used to have one, now it's back, but we renamed it. Now it's called Sharing Secrets. So I'm super jazzed. I mean, like, I think you're best in class, dude. So I'm just trying to do my best with the interview series and get interesting people on.  And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And I was like, Oh, I'm going to get it. And  I know this guy, Elon Musk, I think he's looking for the same thing. He's identified one. He's trying to get there. Yeah. And I invited him on my podcast. He hasn't gotten back to me. Maybe he doesn't have any secrets. We'll give him some. What question you have for me to finish up? Man, I guess the best question I have for you is like throwing the ball. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I  running the other way just because of the state of the world. Are they just going to tunnel back to what they were doing, the traditional world, and try to ride all of this out the way they've always done? Yeah, I think long term, I'm an optimist. We live in the most prosperous, safe time in history for humans, and the world has generally gotten better over very long periods of time. In terms of crypto specifically in Bitcoin,  There's no better way to elicit people's attention than to show them that the market has determined Bitcoiners were right. Right? And, you know, that doesn't help them today in terms of current prices, but, like, that is probably one of the biggest inflection points in terms of adoption is the price going up. And so it's not something where, like, the price going up is a necessary, you know, kind of inflection point.  my products, is that my supply chain, is that my ownership structure, you know, is that just I have a lot of offices around the world? Like there's no right answer for a lot of this stuff, but I do think that those tailwinds, you know, slowly but surely push more and more people to go explore. Um, and then just over time they ended up sticking around, right? It's the same way that I got here, you got here and you know, pretty much everybody else got here is there was a time in our life where we didn't know about this stuff. We discovered it, we explored and eventually we were like, ah, I should probably stick around. And I think that's kind of what we're watching  We walked pretty far today, right? So be pretty good. All right, S-C-R-T dot network. Correct. S-C-R-T. It's almost like you just took out the ease there. That's correct. And it's also the symbol for the coin. So it keeps things pretty clear. We like to say that the ease are private. Very clever. Very clever. All right. Listen to our thank you so much for doing this. I think that obviously the message that you bring in terms of privacy is important and it's something that we need to preserve.