 The Bitcoin Company  Then I moved out into Tokyo to run distribution for Nomura. We were selling convertible bonds, and then that was around the time that Lehman got acquired by Nomura. We brought Lehman into the fold. Lehman came with a lot of derivative product, and so just added that to what we're doing. That's then we renamed the group multi-strategy sales. By the end of my career with Nomura, I was running derivatives, convertible  running a lot of the distribution for it. That was actually a really challenging deal because you couldn't get credit for SoftBank at that point in time. Credit is a big part of the pricing of a convertible bond. Our bankers had actually gone ahead with the pricing and just put a random credit number in there, assuming that there was a credit market. We then had a situation at the last hour where there was  is most people are saying, oh, SoftBank today, right? But it was still a big deal then. And if this was in the early 2000s, this was kind of after they had had this like meteoric rise and then kind of the suffering of pain during the dot com bust as well, right? Yeah. Well, actually, if you look up Massa Song's Wikipedia page, he's the person who's lost like the most money ever and then made it all back again. So, yeah, he's  has nothing to do with crypto or tech really to today running what is turning into this holding company or conglomerate of different digital asset related products and services. When did you first see Bitcoin or crypto and what pulled you down the rabbit hole, if you will? Actually, when I first saw it, it was in 2009. I had two kids from Lehman on my desk and they were just always talking about Bitcoin. I was like, guys,  protecting wealth against what I was seeing happening in response to the global financial crisis around printing of money. I was very, very concerned about what this was doing. You could just see it damaging everything in terms of everything in this high-end space, education, holidays, medical, everything that was supply constrained was just going up in price to a ridiculous degree. Even if CPI was  this is all built on his beliefs around money being a belief system and much of society being a belief system. I started looking into it, and then I actually invested in this company Diginex, which back then was a cryptocurrency mining company. With GPU mining, they were mining Ethereum. I became an investor, and then when I left banking, the founder asked me to come and help him  from trading to custody to asset management and actually a signed investment bank. Got it. And so as you think through kind of where you sit today, let's just start at a high 10,000 foot view of there's so many different products and services that you could go into maybe give us an overview of like, what are you guys doing? And then talk about kind of the why, like why are you pursuing those versus the hundreds of other things that you could be doing with your time  and it's viable. Right now, there hasn't been a major hack for such a long time that people are just not that concerned about custody, but institutions always will be. And so we had a look at a lot of the custody offerings on the street and we actually acquired one, but then we just got to the point where like, look there, there's nothing that we really can rely on to the degree that we need. So we hired a team that's led by an ex-minister  the foundation and the sort of where everything else is able to be built from. At the center of it all is our exchange, Equus. So Equus is really focused and there are loads of exchanges out there. So why have another one? And I think the big important point here is that we've built differentiated product in the fact that we have infrastructure that is able to accommodate these institutions that are coming in. I'll give you a basic example.  allow that first step of institutions to come in. Another thing is managed accounts. Think about the asset management industry in this space at the moment, it's quite nascent. Many of the asset managers and we have an asset manager that we speak to because we're a fund of funds, they don't understand that they need to have separate custody to be investable by institutions. They don't understand how they should be marking their books. They got ICOs still marked to 2017.  strategy within that, but say, okay, you can run it through a regulated platform where you know your assets are safe, you know if they drift off mandate, you can pull them off it, and actually, you can really have proper control over that strategy, much like we do in the hedge fund industry today post 2008. A lot of the allocations are made by managed accounts through prime brokers. The exchange is really designed to give that institutional capacity  very much against them. Everything that we've designed is about making sure we're fair, we're transparent, and obviously that we've got that product innovation that really allows people to manage their portfolios in a way that this technology allows. Because you look at everything that we've got, we've got Bitcoin as an asset, you can just sit in your cold custodian, or you can start to trade derivatives around that position.  So this starts to look very similar to what the traditional world did with fiat currency-based assets, right? And it almost feels like what you're trying to do and doing pretty well is recreating all of the things that we know that work in the traditional world in terms of a product suite and kind of how those interact with each other. Now just redoing it for digital assets. Do you think that's a fair categorization? And maybe talk a little bit about there are a couple of wrinkles or changes there,  our chairman's a derivative guy. I mean, everybody within the senior part of the management of the organization on the product side is a derivative guy. So we're very focused on effectively building that out, allowing the options market to really grow. And then when you have, as you know, a full options market of every strike and every maturity, then you can start to build things like fixed products. Suddenly, the whole thing becomes a lot more hedgeable.  out to allow this industry to hit the numbers that we see in traditional finance. Right now, the spot market of crypto is $4 billion a day that it trades, and then you've got derivatives is another 12 to 14, depending on the day. On a good day, you can have a $20 billion market, but derivatives is only really three, four times the market. In traditional effects, derivatives is over 100 times the spot market.  Rather than enforce on investors that they take a digital security, because that immediately wipes out like 95% of any institutional investor because they're just not going to get it through risk or product committee, is we actually deliver our assets in paper form with the option when they're ready to take it in digital, so they can flip it into a digital security in the future. Obviously, that's helpful to us as well because we don't have the correct license  and then the digital security market.  fulfill the promise that we've talked about for two years or so? Yes, I think you've got very large private credit markets. It's the private markets that are the most impacted by this because suddenly you've got a technology that can make it much more transactable. You can embed documentation into the asset itself, which when you're dealing with a private asset, there's not so much transparency always around the document.  actually most focused on securitizations. We actually are looking at securitization of a private equity fund, the LP of that fund. We've been working on a number of property transactions. When you hear about tokenizations of buildings, they're effectively a securitization. Our investment bank is a securitization advisory firm.  It's almost like you end up just building the muscle memory of doing the securitizations. Today, you use the more traditional technology, but over time, you'll convert that to the digital technology, right? Yeah, I think it's really hard to say, go jump in that pond. It's a different experience altogether to an investment manager. You go to a Japanese pension fund and you say, why don't you guys invest in a digital security? They're going to be like, what's a digital security?  to build to that point because you're dealing with people that are in very traditional frameworks, have to go through a risk committee, have to get it through their IC. Make it as easy as possible, give them the option down the line when they can actually get to the point and say, oh, hang on, we bought that paper security of the DigiNex guys two years ago. Maybe we can use that to experiment with this technology. Then slowly, slowly you're building a base of people that can adopt it quicker in the future.  I mean, look, we raised the private round because with everything that was going on with COVID, nothing was sure. So we were just like, look, we'd better just make sure that we've got at least an initial base for what we need to keep getting to the point where we can deliver everything. But we always had our eye on that NASDAQ listing. For us, it was essential for the industry and for ourselves to give that additional layer  or exchange hacks or whatever. And it's just like, I've never felt comfortable sending money to one of these places. Now, finally, there's a company that's gonna be a NASDAQ listed exchange that I can send my money to and have that level of comfort that they're not gonna just disappear and pretend they're dead or whatever that guy did. Absolutely. And in terms of the public markets, it feels like there's just not that many  the logic between what you think the impact of you guys getting into the public market in that manner is going to be. And then two is the advantage or disadvantage kind of pros and cons of being the first versus maybe wanting to be fast follower number two or three and let somebody else be the first. Yeah, look, for us, it was always just about making sure that we got there. And so we never anticipated that we'd be the first. We figured that many, many people would  is also really important. You've got, obviously, like you mentioned, microstrategy, but I met an ETF guy who's got a blockchain ETF, met him back in March in New York, and he said, I'm having a nightmare allocating this fund. I'm allocating to Facebook because they might do Libra, or I'm allocating to IBM because they got Hyperledger. I need a proper pure play.  you've got capital in the balance sheet, where does the focus go now? Is it just more of the same and kind of go faster and further? Is there new things that are kind of on the horizon from a product and kind of services standpoint? Like how do you think about moving forward? Yeah, we've always got big goals in terms of what we're doing. The next phase for our custodian, for example, is to implement borrowing and lending facility. We want to make sure that people can have that within the exchange so that they can go back and forth.  for traditional stock exchanges and other exchanges where we'll start to build the structured products flow. Effectively, you get that derivative flow coming into the exchange. The other thing is I mentioned the asset management side of things, really, once you start to get that traction, that takes time, but building that out, building reputation in the space for having assets, that's something that can grow very exponentially. Then obviously, quietly in the background, running the  as we see with MicroStrategy, where do you guys sit in terms of kind of managing your balance sheet? How do you think about, maybe not exact numbers, but just like theoretically the balance between that cash and digital assets? Yeah, for us, I mean, it's obviously we're moving very, very fast, you've said. So in terms of the focus on managing that balance sheet, that it's not at a degree where it's significant enough where someone like you  zooming out from just DigiNex into the crypto community industry, what areas are you kind of paying attention to? Are there things that maybe are not getting as much air time that you think should be? Or are there things that maybe are overhyped that you say, hey, you know what, we're actually not as excited as maybe other people are? How do you just think through other things that are going on?  have concerns about what that does for us on a reputational basis for the industry as a whole. I definitely look back to 2017 and this DeFi thing is probably not what we need right now. We've got MicroStrategy coming in, we've got Paul Tudor Jones coming in, we've got some really serious hitters starting to pay attention to this industry. I just hope that DeFi doesn't become another ICO craze that  everyone waiting for the decoupling, is there a flippening? I feel like there's all these theories as to what plays out. Where in your mind do some of these things end up? Well, you know, I'm a big Bitcoin bull. The reason I got into this industry in the first place was because I was looking at an inflation hedge. I'm a big, big believer in Bitcoin. I think we're going to see a massive rally and it's coming very soon.  no way that we're going to see people make the same mistakes that we saw in the ICO craze, and it's just going to be Bitcoin, and everything else is just going to stay down. It's just not factual. There's so many new people coming into this industry, so many people that don't understand what Bitcoin is, they'll look at it and go, okay, what's the next one? We saw it in 2017, and I'm getting that question all the time. Bitcoin is too expensive. I don't want to buy it. I want to buy the  of Bitcoin, but what happens around the edge is everyone's like, well, there's got to be another one that's going to be better than Bitcoin because Bitcoin is the old one. I'm sure you've heard this 100 times, and I get it. I'm like, no, no, no, you've got to buy some Bitcoin. Sure, have a little portfolio to muck around with, but your main investment is Bitcoin. I joke all the time, and I tell people sometimes the simplest trade, or the best trade is the simplest trade.  back. You'll win half the time and half the time you won't. Frankly, I think people are just paying for entertainment to some degree rather than actually trying to generate a financial return. That's okay. There's no problem with that, but it's pretty funny when you start to think of it that way.  it keep you up at night and you spend a lot of time just figuring out how do we solve these problems? Look, we're a very KYC and AML focused exchange. We want to be compliant. We want institutions to know that they're not going to come onto this platform and buy Bitcoin off of Money Launderer or someone that's been financing terrorism. We do have strict controls. We do have KYC and AML. As a result, retail often run into  keep me awake at night around the platform itself. In terms of other stuff where we've got, I would say probably one of the coolest institutional on-ramps to an ecosystem that I've seen anywhere in the industry is our trading platform. So we have a trading platform called Diginex Access. And Access effectively allows you to trade on any platform. You've got to have your own login, but it effectively allows you to trade algos and ARBs and spreads  those institutions that wants to start to trade crypto gets given access as part of that portfolio management system as their crypto module. This is huge for us in terms of helping, again, drive adoption, but obviously, it's a way for us to get paid for all the flow that's going on in the industry, as well as obviously help direct flow into Equus from these institutions. Got it. Makes a lot of sense.  crypto environment. And actually, I don't know if you saw it, actually, there was Bitcoin ads that have been put up everywhere around Hong Kong now. Was that you guys? It was the Bitcoin Association. The kudos to them. It was a very high quality move. I loved it. But yeah, there's a big community here and a big focus on the industry. So obviously, we've got that access, but also there's a huge financial services industry and a lot of people that we know from  them into this industry is quite a coup for us. We're a global business, so we hire a lot out of London, Switzerland, as well as Hong Kong, and now we're building into Singapore as well. Actually, with the listing, we're moving the company to be a Hong Kong headquartered company. That's obviously another huge talent pool around the fintech space. Not so much in crypto as Hong Kong, but it's obviously also in the tradition.  really just turning the heads of some of the most brilliant minds in traditional finance, as well as obviously young people that are coming up and looking at traditional finance and going, I'm going to go crypto.  with big battle sheet. Let's say the Fed decided, Bitcoin is the only threat to us continuing with this game of fiat money. They could go and amass enough hash power to do a 51% attack and then cause people to lose confidence in Bitcoin, but I just think it's so unlikely. I don't think they're ever going to be able to be considering doing that until  computer to the degree that it could actually launch and work tomorrow that nobody knew about. Then the first thing that it can do is not attack Bitcoin. They got plenty of other things in their plan and the amount of money they probably spent financing that is going to give them a focus on other things. So yeah, look, those are the two big things. How would you think about those two particular items? I'm sure they're both things that  It's kind of this joke of, well, I know that a government can't buy up all the Bitcoin because they're not buying mine. Right. Right. And so I just think that one of the greatest assets of the industry and of kind of Bitcoin specifically is just this community of really strong hands that this is not just a I hope that the price of an asset goes up.  I just don't sit down and read like one book at a time. I kind of read a little bit. I moved to another one, whatever. And I probably read about half of it and just got busy with other things, but I enjoyed what I read, but I haven't finished it. Yeah, I mean, he goes on about money being a belief system. And obviously that's what it is, is we've seen it evolve throughout time. And like you say, I mean, Bitcoin has a cult following already. You've already got 18.8 million  everyone's like, what's going on? There's going to be a crypto company that's going to get out into the public markets. Talk a little bit just about 20 years from now. How do you want people to remember this time and what you guys are doing right now? I think 20 years from now, we'll be looking back on this, everything will be different. Certainly, the financial services industry, the public filing of the presentation that we made actually  banking and capital markets. We're doing everything to make sure that we're positioned right in front of center of that, because derivatives is going to be a core part of it. Also, being able to manage your portfolio in a single place is so much more attractive. Then you can actually, as you know, move those assets out and sit there at a poker game, say, oh, well, rather than pay you in Bitcoin, I'm going to pay you as part of my property that I just invested in Sao Paulo, which got 12%  two weeks if you're efficient. The idea of just being able to move an asset from one to the other at the click of a button, it's going to change everything. It's going to change the way we deal with private equity as well. Look at all the documentation now, you've got companies like Carter that manage all of that for you. You can now embed cap tables into tokens and it can be all updated  and what you guys are doing? Sure. DigiNex.com is our overall website. To get onto the exchange is equos.io, but equos.com will get you there as well. We're on Twitter, so digiNex global at digiNex global on Twitter, or OneWord, and then at equos underscore IO for the exchange. Then I'm on Twitter as well, at Richard Byworth or OneWord.  this up. What question do you have for me? So yeah, if we are to meet one day in New York, what is the restaurant you're going to take me to? Oh man, I don't know how I've gotten in this position now, but somehow people ask me for recommendations because they know that I'm likely, because I always eat Domino's and McDonald's and all this crazy stuff. But no, I think that there's a couple of restaurants that I really enjoy.  you can't eat in my restaurant. This is bullshit. Right. Or he'll hit me with I used to do 80 tables per lunch. Now I do six. This is bullshit. And he just cracks me up every day. Yeah. He's just always got some perspective on, you know, this sucks. And he says it with a smile on his face and he's so jovial and all that. So he he's got great food. Right. But but I think I just got like that sweet  that I take a lot of people, Plina and I, it's our favorite place to take people is the JP Morgan Library in New York, which is not a restaurant, but basically it is an old kind of house slash office slash library of JP Morgan. And it's literally the size of a block and you go inside and they've done a pretty good job preserving it, but you just see kind of a, you get thrust into this world  doors so you can go up the stairs to other bookcases and all kinds of crazy stuff. And you just realize like, it was all about knowledge. Like that's literally all it was, right? Is they, that's why they had the big library. It was cause they literally would, they didn't have the internet and they would go and pull a book and like learn and look things up. And so it's just kind of a cool experience. So when you come, we'll, we'll go there and then maybe find a, find a shitty, uh, fast food place right around the corner. That sounds great. I do have one more question for you. All right. So.  incredibly forward thinking, courageous. They had to do a lot of work kind of behind the scenes to make this happen. So it wasn't as easy as just, let me do an asset allocation and like, you know, everyone's like, oh, of course we're going to buy stocks. This was a lot of work on their part. And so they really believed in this, right? And so I'll forever be grateful to them. My partners will as well. But I think that it'll prove to be pretty effective decision.  Here's the crazier part. It was the first institution I ever met with. Wow. The very first institution I ever met with, the very first meeting, one of the two CIOs, there's three CIOs in the room, kind of from all the different pension plans. And one of them says, I'd like to do this. And so, you know, there's still a lot of work to do, whatever, but basically kind of verbally indicated, let's go do that work and let's get this approved. And then the second one said, you know, I got to think a little bit more and kind of look through everything, but like, this is