 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have Mr. Michael Saylor here. You're an absolute legend, my friend. Thank you so much for doing this. Happy to be here. Let's start. You are Bitcoin famous now for being the CEO of the first publicly traded company to convert a material amount of your balance sheet into Bitcoin and use it as a reserve asset.  While I was there, I got another degree in the history of science. I studied the structure of scientific revolutions and paradigm shifts and became very fascinated with how new technologies get introduced. Learned to fly in the Air Force, but I never went active duty because just as I was about to graduate, the Cold War ended. The Reagan-Star Wars buildup won it. And one day my commanding officer  mistakenly with a benign heart murmur. And it disqualified me from flying combat jets. And so my hopes dashed to being a fighter pilot. I decided I did not wanna wait around. And so I joined the Air Force Reserve and I became a civilian unexpectedly in the final month of my undergraduate career. I thought I wanted to be a professor.  computer simulations to predict the return on billion dollar capital investments in the petrochemical industry. And the computer model is going to be used to justify $1.5 billion investment. And the executive that wanted the money, you know, I'm sure he said to his staffers, he tell the kid we need him to finish the job. And I was 24 and living in an apartment with milk crates for bookshelves, spending 700 bucks a month  which is I'd like to be a CEO of my own company. And I said, okay, so if you want me to stay, you're going to have to let me start my company. I think I got a quarter million dollars in cash, two and a half million dollars in contracts. They let me hire 10 people from DuPont, get me free off the space and computer equipment for the first two or three years. They said, we can't give you the money upfront. You're just a 24 year old. And I said, you got to, because this is the only time this is negotiating for you.  $5,000. This is enough capital to last me for 70 years So I figure seven years good let's start and so age 24 I started micro strategy with the thought that I Didn't want to work for anybody else and when it failed I will go back to college and It never failed in the first year We did you know 10 people and then 20 and then we're a 5 million then we're at 10 million then we were 20 million Then we're a 40 million and at some point  So when you decided to go public, this was like right in the heart or at the start really of like kind of this mania phase. Talk a little bit about going through as a public company leader, kind of the multiple market cycles, right? Because if you went public in 98, you get 99, this big boom, you have to get the crash. You kind of then see another rise, 0809 happens, right? Then you kind of get this incredible decade and the equity markets and then you get COVID.  And I would be running a million dollar company. He's got a million dollar company. And he said, what are you doing? I said, well, I'm building these computer simulations with a Macintosh. He said, well, all the experts say the Macintosh is going to die. That's a bad idea. So well, eventually I ported it to Windows. And the next time I saw them, the company's $5 million. And we're working on Windows. And he goes, what are you doing? I said, well, I'm building executive information systems on Windows machines using this thing called  that won't work on visual base, you're gonna get your C++." And he stayed 1 million and we were like 20 million. And then the next thing you know, we started building decision support systems on relational databases and everybody said, well, that'll never work, that's too slow. And it kind of worked until we got to 40 million. And then along came the web and we flipped it again and we put a web interface on it and that got us to 80 million. And every single two or three years, there's something new that was simultaneously an  2008 and conventional wisdom wise, well, they all had to sell out. All three of them sold, one sold Oracle, one sold SAP, one sold IBM, and we're still standing. Then we accrued some more customers and we kept motoring on and along came the iPhone. The first iPhone in 2007 was a toy, it had no cut and paste, no app store. 2009, the iPhone actually started looking  It gets the liquid a laptop and then it goes to vapor state and a vapor state was on the phone And I thought well man all of a sudden instead of going to the office to sit down at a desk and run your software Maybe you have the software your kids soccer game on a Saturday afternoon and then maybe rethink how the software works so we we started doing mobile stuff and we implemented mobile intelligence and That took us to the next level now along the way I kind of  And then I thought, why don't we just start buying words? So we bought wisdom.com and then we bought usher.com. And by the way, do you know who owns hope in the world? No, I own hope, hope.com. Hope, Emma, I bought speaker, I bought alert, I bought angel, I bought alarm, I bought voice. I mean, and here's my thinking.  good for a brand. And so I started thinking about branding and I launched a business Alarm.com. We eventually spun it off. It's a multi-billion dollar publicly traded company on the NASDAQ today. And we made some money. We didn't make the billions, but we made a lot of money off it, like 30, 40 million. And then we launched another company, about an alarm was all about integrating your home alarm system with the internet. And then we launched another company called Angel.  A lot of people find like you can buy that boat. Can you afford to maintain that boat? That's hard. Now you maintain that boat. Are you really going to enjoy that boat? Are you going to use that thing? That's harder. The analogy in business is just because you can buy it doesn't mean you can make it competitive. And even if it's competitive, doesn't mean you can make profit from it. So eventually I learned that you can't keep inventing stuff. And we streamlined. We sold those off, but I got to 2020.  call me up. Why would it show on michael.com? How much money do you think you spent on domains over the years acquiring all of these? 2 million bucks, million bucks. Okay, so let's call it low single digit seven figure for a million, 2 million, 3 million, whatever it is. Back in the back in the day, back in the 90s, and I just sat on them, because I figured the English language is going to be around for a while. Okay. And before you sold voice.com,  And we did that one for 30 million and we just sold the domain, nothing else. And when you go to do this, when people hear, wait a second, the same guy who did this Bitcoin thing sold a domain for $30 million. He also has a business that's worth over a billion dollars in public markets, et cetera. He's spun off multiple companies that are now worth tens of millions, hundreds of millions of dollars. This guy just keeps hit after hit after hit after hit. How does something like voice.com come together?  them and hope. I said, why don't you make a list of them and send them out to everybody we know and see if anybody's interested in them. We sent out the letter and we heard back, nothing. Maybe I got like two venture capitalists call me, but nothing ever went anywhere. I was like, okay, forget that. Go back and running my own business. With Voice, this is how this goes down. I'm sitting at my desk one day and one of my junior 20-something  Well, tell them no, don't bother me. So I waited. And then the next day they come back and they doubled at 600,000. I said, nope, still not interested. Tell them it's going to have to be something north of 10 million bucks. I'm just not interested. They go, well, they offered 1.2. And then it went to 3. And then it went to 6. And when it got to 10,  million dollars, you would have taken the 10 million dollars. But at this point, I have $500 million of cash in the bank. I love my things. I love them, tears. Maybe you can tell that I'm a little bit passionate about some of this stuff. So I would rather own it and not have the 10 million than sell it.  I think that the word voice in the English language is worth $100 million. I've seen people drop $100 million on an ad campaign, and you want to drop $100 million on an ad campaign with the iVoice.net type domain. I thought it was worth more, but I thought, well, I need to market to market. I need to create some kind of market comp for it. We'll do $30 million. So tell them $30 million. They said they'll give you $22 million.  Maybe they might have swayed me, but I just had a whale on the other end of the line that wouldn't identify themselves. And I thought, okay, well, that's the case. I'm just going to wait until they hit my bid. If you had an acre in Central Park and someone wanted to buy it from you and the prices of the price, you would wait. And then it's like, you don't want it? I'll wait. I got another decade. I'm not going anywhere.  better brand than you would get if you were to get a billion people online. It's a better brand than Oracle or than SAP or than $100 billion plus companies. This is how I value it. I said, this is like my daughter. I'll marry her off, but only to a man that's going to treat her better than I will treat her. If you guys really value this, then give me the $30 million.  after the transaction closed and then I hear it's some crypto company and that's the end of it for me. And that's my introduction to crypto. I literally am thinking about the broker who's like, okay, just showed up to work, $150,000 trying to buy a domain. And next thing they know a couple of weeks later, they're brokering $30 million deals and probably they're peeing in their pants, right? Just hoping to God this goes through because they've already thinking about what house they're going to buy based on the commission type situation. It was amusing.  And you basically tweet out, you know, kind of saying what I would consider a pretty down the fairway critique of Bitcoin, which is like, it's not going anywhere, right? Fast forward seven years. Online gambling, it's days or numbers. Yeah. So, like, seven, eight years, and now you've got a material part of your balance sheet in Bitcoin. What happens? How does that happen? Okay, Anthony, can I tell you the truth? Of course. I got an iPhone.  I tweeted. So eventually, I realized that it's probably better for my communication effectiveness if I limit my tweeting to stay on brand. So I have a company MicroStrategy. If I have something intelligent to say about MicroStrategy, I say it. And I have a nonprofit foundation, the Sailor Academy, that gives away free education to hundreds of thousands of people. We're just giving away a free college degree.  And then I discovered the hive mind crypto Twitter consciousness where all of a sudden they all went through all my tweets They found it. They reminded me of it. They compared it and I'm like, oh my god I literally forgot I ever said that and I you know, but I I took it as kind of like kind ribbing like I didn't get all worked up about I'm like, you're right. I was wrong. What an idiot I was I wish  that never goes away. So when they found it and I saw that, I was like, oh my God, this is amazing. Literally in a six, seven year time period, it's not just from a, I don't believe it has value to, oh, maybe it has some value. Would you consider the move of taking the 250 million, the first investment, is that a bet the company type move? Or do you look at that as more conservative than a bet the company type decision?  There's a journey that we went through corporately over the past year, and there's a journey that Bitcoin went through over the last seven years. If we focus upon our journey, we had 500, 600 million in cash, and we were buying our stock back a bit. Then we were thinking, maybe we'll need to buy another company, we need it for a rainy day, or maybe something really bad will happen, and we'll really need the money. I'm one of my heroes of Steve Jobs.  sorry, I am pretty much the longest-lived public company CEO in my industry because I've been public company CEO for 22 years. The second thing is, I'm pretty sure I'm the only public company CEO that ever presided over a 99.8% drop in the stock price and kept his job. Okay, so when does this happen?  Back to 2020. So we had the money. We are very conservative, no debt, ready for a rainy day, ready to seize the opportunity, buying our stock back. COVID hits. The pandemic hits. Our equity is in the tank. We're losing momentum. And the first thing that happens in Q1 is it's all kind of shock and awe. And in Q2,  banks, we sell it to, in essence, global 2000 companies, even the ones that get impacted, they're like the national airline, they can't go out of business. That's our customer base. We realized that our software kept working, demand was still there, everything is smooth. In fact, the great thing about software is software you can ship over the internet, all of our services went remote.  is, yeah, we got that Black Swan event, but that Black Swan event actually kicked us into a high gear productivity. That was the positive on the P&L side. We realized that we were going to generate more cash. There was no real rational business plan where I take $200 million and I spend it to make the business better. I can burn it to make the bit, but I can't spend it to make the business better.  2% interest. Never, ever. And yet, that was a winner this year. If you bought a 30-year bond at 2% interest, when the interest rates go to 1.2, you've actually got a massive spike. So equity spiked, big tech spiked, bond spiked, and we looked at our cash, and I had to listen to a litany of talking heads, Ray Dalio on Dow.  I save $50,000, I put it in my piggy bank, I have 500,000 in cash in the bank, I have kids and I have a future. And then all of a sudden I realize that the cost of a college education is going up at 8% a year and my cash is yielding zero. Now at that point, we've got the pump podcast telling me I'm crazy to work for dollars and save my cash.  There it is. In 2019 and before, we worried about the unknowable and we thought maybe we'll use it for something. By the way, I'm a bit older than you. I remember when you got 5% interest overnight on your money, and it wasn't that long ago that the risk-free interest rate was 5% before the great financial crisis. I'm like, I'm going to make $25-30 million a year on this. I kept hoping.  You know this entire conversation of inflation it's really twisted because everybody talks about consumer prices cpi cpi inflation That we're not getting enough inflation. We're not getting enough inflation Okay well like you're not getting an you're not getting inflation on youtube And netflix streaming videos and candy bars manufactured by robots and factories and dominos pizza You're getting inflation on everything you want If you wanted an ivy league education  2%? No. I have a house in Miami Beach. It was a nice house built in the 1930s and I have the deed of sale for the house. $100,000 for that house in 1930. It's gone up in price by a factor of 100. So no inflation? Kind of inflation, but it's acid inflation. So I didn't really think about  I've seen in 30 years, at that point, you start having a thought with yourself, which is what is the true inflation rate? And we should probably coin a different term, right? If you looked at asset inflation on a good year for the last decade, it's 7% a year normal, right? This year, you can make an argument it was 25%. I mean, if you look at the long bond index, and if you look at these equities, you can make an argument that the asset inflation rate  someone took my cash out of the bank and they put it in the backyard in pallets and then they opened my back gate. And then every month someone comes along and starts burning 2% of the money. And then I started thinking, well, in 12 months, 25% of the money is gonna be gone. And then I started thinking, what is the point of all this? What am I doing wrong? And of course the answer is,  that the structure of your contracts kind of are weathering very well through the storm. And so you remain in a strong business position where you have cash and actually the cash is growing not through investment, it's growing from kind of your income and you begin to get worried about that. How do you get to crypto, right? And I'm leaving you a little bit in terms of you've got a friend who basically kind of hits you over the head a second time. So let me tell that story as to kind of what pushes you  I think I was closed to the possibility. It's just there's so many other things going on. And when the COVID crisis hit, everybody got sent home and we all had to contemplate ideas that we had previously rejected. And we had to embrace ideas that just were very foreign to us. So how do I discover crypto? Well, first I have a mega, mega, mega problem.  Then I've got one more problem, which is the investors, the outside investment community, if you go to them and say, hey, we're a great enterprise software company and we've got all this cash, their answer is, well, we don't write value to cash. Because they're smarter than I am. I'm not joking, I'm being serious. They are smarter than I am. They knew before I knew that cash is trash and you're a fool to sit on the cash.  you don't need. Well, you can buy your own stock back. There's a limit to how fast you can do it. If you go into a market in a thinly traded stock and you're buying 20% of the float every day, that's going to take about four years. If your ice cube is melting 15% or 20% a year, you don't got four years, or at least inflation is going to do a better job. That didn't really make sense.  That's how, and by the way, the same CEO that said, I don't believe in remote work. You've got to show up to the office or else you're not working for me. And I would have sworn up and down. I hated remote work until COVID crisis hit. Flip. And so that same idea happened with the balance sheet. There are all these strongly held views. You've got to be conservative. You've got to invest in cash and short-term T-bills, and you don't contemplate anything else. And then all of a sudden, you contemplate other things.  all the inflation hedge assets, right? You look at everything from real estate, precious metals, Bitcoin, you kind of just go down the line, hard assets that have some sort of inflation hedge type qualities that really are more kind of wealth preservation than anything would be the general bucket to at least go start exploring with, right? Okay, so let's take through them. Commercial real estate, how do you go buy $500 million worth of commercial real estate at a fair price that's not an impaired asset by something happening?  I said go buy Facebook Amazon Apple Twitter. It was a good idea in 2012 if you had done it then you would have made ten times your money very good idea not the same idea this week Right. I mean at this point, you know, it's is Apple computer gonna go up by a factor of ten from here Right. Maybe it might double it might be cut in half But you know you're with the best equity in the world  I'm doing, and I'm just dismissing him like, whatever, this Bitcoin thing. I don't know what it is, but it's crazy crypto and slight shell game. He keeps mentioning it, and I keep thinking about it. Then one day, we're sitting around my pool in Miami, and he starts explaining it, and something clicks in my head that maybe this is a pretty good idea. I have been beaten over the head with a two-piece  NASDAQ 100. That stuff's just not compelling. I tell you what I want, right? What I want is something that might be cut in half that can go up by a factor of 10. A symmetric payoff. By the way, that's what any intelligent investor wants. That's what you want when you bought Amazon in 2011. That's what you were getting when you bought Apple Computer, when the iPhone came out. That's what every rational winner is getting. You want a 10X upside, and then you want  the social network, Facebook, even Twitter, a speech network, Dematerialize and Amazon, the retail network. You buy them when they're $100 billion market cap, when something hits $100 billion and buy when they're 10 times bigger than the next biggest thing and they're $100 billion, they're probably going to crush everything. And at that point, like, you know, I remember lecturing  was what you know if you think about it broadly, there's no example of a successful company in the history of the world that wasn't a technology company. Standard Oil was a technology company. If you go to Hershey's factory, you'll find they figured out a manufacturer of 50,000 candy bars in a clean room, and it's the most sophisticated piece of technology you will ever see in your life. You think they're not technology companies, you're just ignorant. There is no winning investment in a company that's not a technology company.  There's never been a company as valuable as Apple because there's never been a company as valuable as Apple. And another way to say that is there's never been a company that could create a software camera, change the way it works and ship it to a billion people overnight for a nickel. And if you could actually ship a product to a billion people overnight for a nickel, you could create a lot of value with no cost. So obviously these digital networks, Facebook, Apple, Amazon,  How do you get all of your followers on Twitter to switch to the next speech network? You think, you know, even if, you know, even if a guy has a massive following on Twitter, you think he's going to switch, you know, to another thing, probably not. He's going to be the last person to leave. So, you know, you're buried in concrete there. So now we come back to Bitcoin. Okay. The number one knock on Bitcoin,  But you know what's an epiphany? The epiphany is when you're a young CEO and you're like, I'm going to put a salesperson in every single state in America. There's 50 states, 50 salespeople. There's an epiphany when you go to New York City and you realize that half of all the money in the country is in one city. And then you realize that maybe you're being captured by orthodoxy. So in this entire crypto area, it's great to have all the innovation and it's good to experiment with.  that would be to deliver eight pages of legal disclaimers on hard forks off for risk. You mean like my crypto can float away and they get all anxiety written? You got to get beyond that. It's easy to get beyond that. The easy way to get beyond it is to say, look, this is a proof of work crypto network designed to be a store of value. The only thing we're going to do is maintain a constant store of value as a digital  pretty astutely Bitcoin, everything else. There was a separation in your mind in terms of understanding that. And as you were learning about that, were you going into this with an open mind as, I don't even remember that I tweeted this thing, you know, in the past, I know I've got this problem. This is the promise of this thing is a store of value. Like, let me go explore it. Or do you basically have people who are kind of guiding you and pushing you and saying, hey, this is the solution.  And  Facebook. Absolutely not. If you know anything about MySpace, you realize that MySpace was never worth more than a billion dollars. OK. MySpace was one was two hundred times smaller than Bitcoin is right now. It was never that case. Right. There's never an example of a hundred billion dollar monster digital network that was vanquished once it got to that dominant position. So all you got to do is see  Bitcoin. I don't want to hear that you've got a new idea and you're upset over transaction fees and you would like to implement smart contracts. So you got to change everything. I don't want to hear that. I want to hear that you're going to defend the network to the death against someone that's going to break it or compromise it in any way, shape or form. When you decide personally, this is a good idea. I'm going to take a material amount of the $500 million  homework. And they all know you. So they've all watched a variety of your podcast. They all know Andreas. They all required to watch the debate between Eric Borges and Peter Schiff on gold on on Fiat versus Bitcoin. What is better money? Right. And then a nonstop stream of essays on  One-on-ones with everybody everybody goes off does