 All right, guys, bang, bang, long time coming. But finally, Eric is here. What what's going on, man? How are you? It's a pleasure to be here. Long time listener, first time caller. Bang Bang is one of the best introductions to a podcast out there. Glad to be here. Wait, before we get started, you got to do the intro to your podcast.  Village Global and I'm chairman at a company called On Deck. The backstory is I grew up in New Jersey. I'm a son of Israeli and Colombian parents. I went to University of Michigan, started my first company, read a college called Rap Def Em. It was like Zoom or chat roulette for rap battles. We were trying to be twitch for music, started with rap battles, resolving a personal interest and did that for about three years. We had some traction, but it was just early in the live video space.  it had gotten to Y Combinator, then raised $6 million from Adresin. And then I said, well, I guess this is the next thing I'm doing for a while. And after Product Hunt was a two plus year journey, fantastic journey. And I left, right before I left, I started On Deck, which was a dinner series, event series for people who were looking to start or join their next thing. And the next story there is basically, I started angel investing while I was at Product Hunt, because I was just building my network like crazy, seeing all these deals, sending them to investors, and I said, hey, I should start investing too.  10 week fellowship and we'll go into now it's trying to be a new university. And then I said, what would a venture firm from the ground up built, built from the ground up with the idea of unfair advantages look like. And that's when I teamed up with Ben Castanocca and Andwayne and created a network driven venture firm, Village Global, which is a hundred million dollar seed stage venture fund. All right. So let's go to product hunt first. If anyone is paying attention to the tech industry, they they've heard of product hunt, they've seen product hunt, they've probably tried to get to the top of product hunt, kind of all of these things.  One in terms of getting the job in the first place, there's this idea that young people are especially scared to get started. Because they will be a blemish on their resume, wouldn't be. It's something to be proud of. And there's a difference between job risk and career risk. Job risk is the risk that your job is there two years from now. Career risk is the risk that it sets you back. Whereas being a founder actually, it shows to other people that you know what it's like  That was a lesson learned in terms of, that's why I think people should be more ambitious and more willing to take what I call asymmetric risks. That's what I took while I was a product. This idea that your downside is capped. If product didn't work out, I would have still built this incredible network, but the upside is uncapped. If it turned into this monster business, I would have meaningful upside in it. One lesson is pursue asymmetric risks, learn how to sell yourself with slope. Then the other is I knew that I wanted to be an investor.  So I, for aspiring investors out there, I really encourage them to think about what are other assets and maybe it's, you know, it's a podcast, like, like, like your podcast, maybe it's an event series, maybe it's a conference, maybe it's a forum, maybe it's some digital product that really just gives you, gives you an edge. And so when you think through that, I think people now say like, Oh, no brainer, Eric's so smart. Like, look at all the things that he's built to give him those edges. I'm assuming that while at product hunt, you saw people build lots of things,  in the same way that I like the idea of seeing your career as a product and focusing too many people try to network right away without thinking about how to try to get coffee with somebody without thinking about how do I add so much value when I get coffee with that person such that they'll want to keep having coffee with me or add me to their network. And that's the hard part. Like finding Pumps email is not the hard part. It's being getting in his rotation, having something to add. And so in the same way that products and companies think about building boats, I advise that people  who's invested probably in a couple dozen unicorns. Angel Investing is sort of, investing is this interesting sort of inefficient market where it takes many years to be seen as good, even if you, so if you start right away, you won't know until you're good for seven years from now. So for someone to match Elad's unicorn count, again, probably have to spend a couple of decades. And then you, Pomp, building your audience over many years, a very loyal audience, for someone to say, how do I become Pomp? I don't know, that's a really hard thing to do.  hold you guys in that direction as you go through. So one thing I really learned from Ryan is pursue side projects because you never know what they can turn into. Product started from a side project. Ryan's documented how he was just an email list and then turned into a company. On Deck 2 was a side project. I was looking for my next co-founder. It's actually kind of hard to find a co-founder. People say, oh, it has to be someone you met in college or someone you worked with. But there's a lot of potential people out there. And so I started this event series to solve my own problem. We just had to find a co-founder.  compounding benefits that we wanted, like someone in 2016 didn't have an easy way to connect to someone in 2018. And that's when we really started the fellowship, which sort of this accelerator model, this cohort model, we started last year, we've now had five of them. And accelerators are just so powerful for creating long-term community, compounding benefits, it gets stronger, the more people that enter it. And we said to ourselves, hey, we really know how to do fellowship for founders. We then are about, we're just about to start this angel fellowship,  that's our grand vision. And it's the thought process that basically it's kind of like a futuristic school where literally like I sign up and I'm with a class and I literally learn from teachers or kind of talk a little bit about like what does that experience look like for people who are participating? Yeah, so imagine you so our founder fellowship is like a Y Combinator or a village global accelerator experience, but before you have a company, so you're looking for a co-founder, you're looking for startup ideas, or you really just want to be in that sort of accelerator ecosystem without giving up equity.  I see the other accelerators that go do so well is every week you have to come and share what you've done, what you've shipped and that public accountability that some people say that's like the best part of part of the accelerator is really just week after week in front of very smart people. That pressure puts positive pressure on you to chip and just get things done. So people really appreciate the cadence and then just up leveling the game. The same way you might go to fitness boot camps to see other people who are beating your butt and oh, I have to really step up my game. And then coming out with  is scarce. And so the power of a fellowship to provide that ongoing community that just gets stronger is really working for us. Got it. What's the biggest challenge with building the company? Right. So you guys have kind of grand plans and things have gone well and you started to scale the business. What are the biggest things that keep you and the rest of the team up at night? We want to get to dozens of fellowships in the next year. We see COVID as the biggest opportunity where people are just eager to have community, eager to  is the biggest thing on our mind. But how to keep the quality high while you're doing it. Got it. And then when a lot of people look at this, I think that they'll say, this is a fantastic business in terms of all of the ancillary benefits, but how do you think of it as a business? What I mean by that is, is this something that looks more like an events business and kind of an exit opportunity is there? Is it something that looks like consulting or teaching or education?  for all the right reasons. And it just turns out that it's working. It's so early, of course, but in terms of how we see it as a very big business, the founder fellowship alone is a $5 million business. So 2,500 people a year will pay around $2,000 to be a part of this program. We think that we could do dozens of fellowships. There are also multi-million dollar businesses on themselves. And then we think once we've done a lot of fellowship businesses, we can do a fellowship  I think we're doing something pretty interesting here too, where if you have tens of thousands of founders, of writers, podcasters, why couldn't we compete with Substack? What's defensible about Substack is the relationship with the writers. We're going to have these incredible relationships with writers. That is a platform for different technology businesses that you could build on top of it is what gets me really excited. But even still, the services business, the fellowships is what allows us to hire, to scale, we're profitable, we don't need to raise any more  Got it. And so obviously you've taken a lot of these lessons around building moats and advantages into the venture space with Village Global. You have probably one of the most impressive lists of LPs. You've told the story before, but kind of give us the 60 seconds on just how the LP list came together, whatever names you're able to share publicly. And then we can talk a little bit about the actual model that you're employing. Sure. So we asked early on, how do we build an unfair advantage or a network at every level?  you know, Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates, and their teams, a vision that this was going to be really strategic for them, that we were going to have, like a Y Combinator, we were going to have hundreds of startups a year that could be potential partners for them, potential acquisition targets for them, and just keep them sort of fresh on what the latest and greatest is in venture. And so it was really a combination of luck and then selling them a vision that this was, this more than any other venture firm was going to be, one could be successful, but two could be really strategic  be capitalists, but sort of operate their business like they're socialists. Like it's one central planner saying, this is what the price of bread is. I know it better, you know, across every geo, across every sector, across every network. And we just saw that there's this explosion of complexity that there aren't just, you know, one person used to be able to cover the entire internet, John Doar used to just clean up, right? But now you don't have just sub sectors like crypto, you have sub sectors and sub niches within like privacy coins and DeFi, all these different areas of expertise and networks that are cropping up that there's no  a lot of a success finding companies very early. Is that mainly dependent on kind of this scout-like network where those individuals have that industry domain expertise or experience and they're kind of finding it and you guys are using that system? Or these things where maybe you've built other systems or advantages where you're getting some sort of deal flow so early, right? On deck as an example or other things. Like just talk a little bit about, it's one thing to find good companies or to find good founders.  specific conferences or have specific assets themselves that enable them to be first call. And one key thing that we do relative to other venture firms is we empower them to make the decision often without our screening it. So by decreasing the friction, they feel more empowered to work with us than to send it to some other firm. But then also, as I mentioned, unfair advantages, not just in being able to win the deal, but also in being able to evaluate  a few years ago, it used to be 90 days between the first touchpoint and term sheet, and now it's nine days. So these processes are so competitive. Founders are often going to other angel investors or founders before they go to VCs. By the time they go to VCs, it's sort of like YC demo days, it's this bidding auction. So obviously every investor wants to avoid the bidding auction. Talk a little bit about what you're seeing with investment round dynamics. So you just talked a little bit about timeline going from 90 to nine days.  the trenches doing this every day. Yeah, a few things. One, I have this broader belief in that it's individuals, not institutions. And that people always, and that's not just in venture, but it's in media. It's in a variety of different industries. That people just identify with the authenticity and specificity of an individual versus an institution. And you sort of ask, why has it been that way? Well, it's always been that way, but now individuals are just more empowered than ever.  instead of, this is prediction for the future of entry, instead of a couple dozen people on a cap table, you just have hundreds or a thousand. And in that way you could really unbundle the capital with advice and get sort of people who are world-class in different positions. It's sort of, this is the increasing specialization and thus decentralization. And we're already starting to see it. I'm seeing a lot of firms just open up space for small checks. We just had a company that is raising a monster round  of an founder who says, hey, I have a really hot round, a bunch of investors are all fighting over getting in, but I'm gonna save this million dollars for that audience or the user base. Is it simply, I want them to have some feeling of ownership and that will lead to more usage and they'll go kind of be ambassadors for me? Is it something else? Why would they do that? This concept of value add or even founder friendly, it's a cliche now, but it's a fairly new construct and it's telling in the sense that venture didn't need you  most value for your company relative to the stake that they take up. And so if you're building a community product or a product that really relies on evangelists, one of our companies, Roam, is an incredible productivity product, personal knowledge management product, and has the Roam cult. And for a community like that who's so invested in it, also to feel more invested via ownership is just very powerful in  many times founders or other operators are the most helpful. Today, they don't have the capital like you described, but it doesn't seem a stretch to me for those people to eventually have very large pools of capital. And do you see a world where there's been a couple of companies that have raised rounds where there's been no institutions, right? It's been all individuals and quite large rounds. We're not talking about a half million dollar round. We're talking about literally tens of millions of dollars. Is that a trend that is accelerating or are those kind of outlets  have long vesting schedules such that it's very difficult to switch. You saw when Keith or Boyd joined, founders fun with Sarah Tavel joined benchmark. There's a sort of question of like, is this about to become NBA free agency? This like Kevin Durant, you're going to the Warriors. And the answer for right now is no, because the vesting contracts are just too long such that they're giving too much to do that. But I expect, I expect GPs because they capture the value more so than the institutions that they work at if there are stars, will be able to renegotiate those contracts  generational theft and this idea that it seems like everyone's becoming a socialist and I've talked about it from like every capitalist on Wall Street in time of crisis becomes a socialist, right? Everyone's looking for bailouts and all this crazy stuff. Yeah, I think you're talking about something a little bit different Maybe describe a little bit what you mean there by generational theft and the relationship to socialism Yeah, well, I want to first say that one reason I'm so excited to build a new university right now is because universities are just in a really tough place and I think  conscientious test to colleges such that they were good filters of talent. But now we're getting rid of the SAT, we're getting rid of the GRE, we're getting rid of all these standardized testing. So it's unclear what it actually means to get into a university anymore. On top of that, professors are miserable, they're underpaid, students are in tremendous debt. And all of this is separate from COVID, which has sort of shown that the emperor has no clothes and that people are still paying the same amount of money for Zoom University. It just shows that you're really just paying for the piece of paper.  federal loans, federal subsidies, tax shelters on an operating level and on an endowment level. I mean, Harvard has a $40 billion endowment. That's a tax-shutter hedge fund. So when we talk about generational theft and socialism, part of it is education in terms of the average person, I believe, is $29,000 of debt, but nearly half Americans have under $2,000 of liquid assets. And this debt is not dischargeable in bankruptcy.  surprise that when somebody says the system has screwed you to young people, and we the government are going to fix everything, whether it's, you know, the right wing sort of populism of Trump or the left wing populism of Bernie or even Elizabeth Warren, it's no surprise that people people resonate with that. Because you know, what's the point of capitalism if you can't acquire any capital if you can't, you know, get a house if you can't get healthcare if you you can't pay for good education. So that's why people are so, so skeptical about it. And it's it's the worst time for that to happen. When I also think what's really interesting is  know is how many of those people are COVID, they let it at least expire, they move home with their parents and they'll move out maybe the start of the year or whatever. But what I think you get to is there is a very different relationship with capitalism, with money, with assets, with buying a house. All of these things that I think are kind of like memes in terms of people talking about them, but they're funny and they resonate because they're true. And that's basically what you're describing here is that there's almost this self-reinforcing system  This isn't the only path in life. There is something else that I can go do. Yeah. The, um, I mean, just to put a bow on your point, millennials were told that they'd be better situation that their parents financially and they're not, they're living with their parents and they see their parents doing much better. And so that's sort of the generational theft is this, this lie that they see of, of, of what they envisioned was this, was this American dream. And so now they, now they blame the system, especially when other people are, are providing them, you know, with sort of what I think are faulty solutions or recommendations in terms of people  but in a lot of places, in a lot of departments. So you go to the university, you get quarter million dollars in debt, and then you're told that the reason you're a quarter million dollars debt is capitalism's fault when capitalism is the thing that's going to get you out of the debt. So you're both financially ruined and also sociologically just less likely to produce a big outcome if you think, or to get out of that debt in a flourishing way, if you think capitalism is the enemy. I think there's this new movement called progress studies that Tyler Cowen and Patrick  you know, capitalism. And so by sort of creating this appreciation for capitalism, for markets, for the power to get people out of poverty, to invent new things, to change people's lives, I think one way I see people doing is really appreciating the tools that are gonna get out on an individual level, but then also being able to tell them a story that once they get out on an individual level, I mean, see all the great things that people like Bill Gates and Elon Musk  Yeah. So, you know, what's interesting about crypto in 2016, 2017, when it was really popping off, you see a lot of the funds that emerged out of it, or even just the people who were leading a lot of the projects is a lot of them were, were young people were people in their twenties, people who didn't necessarily have a lot going on beforehand. And that's not because they're smarter or because they're more accomplished. They're not in fact, but the reason was, was that they were more comfortable taking asymmetric risk because crypto looked stupid.  Mark Andreessen, immensely successful people. Reed Hoffman started a social network dating site that was a total failure, a social net. No one knows about it. Mark Andreessen started ning a social network for dogs, like the total failure. No one knows about it. So you're known for your successes and you want to take big swings. You really have very little to lose if you're in an okay financial situation and a lot to gain. So crypto was that in 2016, 2017 today. What is that? What looks dumb? But if it works, could be  or Village Global Accelerator, I would try to put yourself in networks such that even if your startup doesn't work, you've just built this incredible network. But yeah, nothing is better than doing in terms of learning. So if you don't have to be in college and you don't particularly want to be, and you're compelled by the idea of potentially starting a company, there are communities out there for you that will support it and I would recommend it. Geographies to do all of this. You have spent a good portion of your career  where we are when we communicate with each other. Most of our communication is online. So it's less that San Francisco decreases in power or the rest rises in power. It's just that location matters less and less together, physical location, especially as companies go more remote because they've learned how to do it recently. And what I'm really excited about this is that it's an equalizer. You don't have to move to San Francisco or go to Harvard to get your education, grow your network, or build your reputation. You want to be at the  and fire and you just throw out answers as we go. The first is, I think on a 20 minute VC episode you talked about from no one to VC in that path, what is the blueprint for somebody who is literally a nobody, nobody knows who they are, but then they can very quickly break into venture capital. Yeah. So the first thing, and this is sort of contrary to what people will want you to think, is you have to get numbers on the board. You have to start writing checks and building a track record.  it just sort of becomes true. And so you need to build that early. In basketball, for example, you could find the bronze James at 18 and realize, oh my God, this person's not only going to be incredible, but incredible right now. I can dominate. It's obvious the VC there's no V equivalent of a young person. Yeah. Maybe they have a network and stuff, but you don't really know if they're good at picking for years. So my advice to people want to get into it is find a way to write checks. And there are these things called SAP scout programs where venture capital firms  building the asset, building the reason that you have access for founders in the first place or why they'd want to take your money. And it could be something like product or on deck or some sort of product that helps people get customers, recruit, hire people, get expertise, but it could also be an event series, a telegram group, a podcast. There are all sorts of these little different assets or products that you can build to get noticed and to get respected. You are a very, very big fan of rap.  I've been inspired by agency, just the power to change your circumstances. And I've been inspired by the idea of doing something that people think you have no business doing or don't have natural skillset doing and showing them that through agency and hard work, you can get kind of good at something. And so, Rhett, I'd always been a listener and a fan. And so what I just had the agency combined with, I was a very shy kid in college. I was in school in Michigan, in Detroit, I met my friends in Detroit. And I sort of saw people doing it.  We got the same crew that we were wrapping with in 2013, seven years later, you know, some of them were like 15 at the time, another 22, 33 on zoom every Tuesday night. And it's, uh, it's been, you know, enormous amount of fun in terms of, uh, beat to, to wrap over, um, uh, NAS state of mind is, is just a classic. Uh, but, uh, Drake has a lot of amazing beats. I mean, there's so much, uh, so much good stuff out there. I always joke. I think you're about the same age as I am. And, uh, we used to like run home and watch MTV and like this  who think in public. I'm in some of these private group chats where I would pay so much money to be in them because I just learned so much from them. And I sometimes ask like, why can't this be on Twitter? Like it used to be on Twitter. And for some of them it's for job risk or whatever. And it's unfortunate that it is what it is. But people benefit so much when you think in public and you help them  in public, we don't see the loss. We don't see the deadweight loss, but it's really powerful. Paul Graham had a post on this a few years ago, or maybe it was Jessica Livingston, the sound of silence. And so that's something that comes to mind because I've benefited so much from people I'd never met, Tyler Cowan, who we're now in friends with, but for a decade I was reading Marginal Revolution and just hearing, reading him think out loud just gave me frameworks to think about so many things and inspired so many thoughts. And so I wish others did more of that. It's a great answer.  this fundamental contradiction between the politics of safety. We want ourselves to be safe. We want murder rate to be low. We want people to have comfort, safety, equality. And then at the same time, we're interested in the extremity of experiences. Our media and entertainment is about like 50 Shades of Grey or a serial killer. We're so interested in this phenomenon where the car crash effect. We can't stop looking at the car crash, but we don't want to be in the car crash.  some of the riots like Seattle and protests, you see videos and you're like, wow, is this a Maoist cultural revolution? No, it's not a Maoist, it's LARPing. It gives us the sort of excitement of it without actually having to suffer the consequences. And there's some consequences, don't get me wrong, but it's not what people suggested it is on either side. And the real way you tell is by the body count, like real revolution, real fascist regimes, communist regimes have body counts in thousands, millions. This is just in the low dozen. And most of the war takes place on Twitter.  for centuries and creating new ones. And at the same time that trust in institutions, in all institutions, is crumpled. Do you trust the WHO, the CDC, the New York Times? Who do you listen to? It's going back to individuals. It's people like yourself. It's people who are creating their own realities and communities and almost mini cults. And there's just a huge opportunity right now to do that. And it's more important than ever because there's this explosion of  whether that's communities that are sort of COVID specific that help you do sort of the equivalent of MBA bubble, but in private, I'm looking into that. But then Jesus is sort of like almost new religions. And I don't mean religion and sort of the belief in God, but religion is sort of like a community that helps you make sense of what's happening, gives you a vision for the future, and then gives you practices and rituals around it. And maybe the 1.0 version of that was things like SoulCycle and the