 All right guys bang bang I have the one and only mr. Jim Cramer here what's going on man? I gotta tell you it's one of the most exciting times of my life because why? We have an intersection of sports and of stocks like I've never seen it does seem like every game is a championship game and Every stock day is a day where people reconfigure and say you know what? This is the worst day ever  background. You went to Harvard. You spent a bunch of time as a reporter. Then at some point you managed a hedge fund. Just tell us that story real quick for those that don't know. Okay. So I get out of Harvard. I don't get my degree, of course, because I criticize the guy who gives me the diploma. He just waved me off the stage. My folks, first-generation, my folks are there. They're crying. I didn't get my diploma for a month. So I mean, I got a late start. Then I went home and I was determined to try to get a job. I was rejected by 57 newspapers. I kept every rejection.  by the Tallahassee Democrat because I don't know, it was for $19,000 a year. That seemed like a great amount, which it wasn't, by the way, even in Tallahassee. And I get down there and I'm covering sports and I'm covering the FSU. Balvin had just gotten down there. I tried to do an investigation of the NCAA and how they were handling the grade degradation of the football team. They weren't doing it as well as you'd think. And I realized it to be a bomb under my car.  that were indirectly, oh, check that, directly related to huge amount of drinking. I say that because I had a gigantic size of Greenland Mercator Projector yellow stain, which I thought could wash off, but my doctor, who is a farm worker's clinic doctor, he explained to me, no, Jim, in order to get rid of that, you have to do something that you may not want. He said, you drink, I said, occasionally. And I said, wait a minute, I said, occasionally in the morning, occasionally afternoon, occasionally evening.  made 40 million under management, which was a lot then. Had a partner, we had a tremendous dispute. He left my then girlfriend who only became my wife and then became my ex-wife. There's a journey for you. Started work with me and told me right before the crash of 87 that this market was going to crash. And we went to all the grade readers and they all loved it and said, no, no, no, no, it's great. Market's pulled back in a bite. But we sold everything. And because I was in cash for the crash,  I don't have money, but look, I mean, divorce is something people don't talk about because it's very tough. And I felt very sad about it. And I speak to Cam, spoke in the county today, I spoke to you yesterday. But it is, it's very, very jarring because there's no handbook. I ended up marrying someone. I met on a blind date about eight months after I broke up. There's a terrific article through Google in New York Times. It was number one in the New York Times for two straight days.  In 1991, I helped start Smart Money. And Smart Money then immediately became, what's the name, it was also Jim Stewart, the great writer, James B. Stewart. And we just had an unbelievably good time. It was one of those things where I realized that Steve Schwartz, SWRTC, was visionary and he got us together and said, listen, I wanna do a magazine  You don't need trucks. You don't need dead trees. You don't need this." And they said, that's great idea. We'll buy it from you for 400,000. I said, no. I mean, if you're going to buy it from 400,000, I'll just go do it myself. So I quit smart money. I took the money I was making at the hedge fund, and I started the street with my friend Marty Perritts. And the first thing we did was I said, me and Marty said, let's get the best guy in the world. So I went to Michael Lewis, the great writer.  people all over the place who are high level and are doing great things now where they really got to start. And I was very proud of the fact that even Dan Colarusso, who's our editor in chief worked there. We had some amazing people over the years, came public in 1999, one of those ridiculous moments where our stock opened at 60 and then went to one with occasional moments where it stopped.  that a lot of rancor, a lot of ugliness, not good, a lot of heartache. Was it worth it? Here's what I say. I gave hundreds of people healthcare insurance. And so therefore it was worth it. That's what I did. And I'm proud of that. Anything else? No. I am proud that a lot of people got healthcare insurance and that that is the best sing-pomp that I did. That's awesome.  Again, rancorous, sadly, pre-medication, a lot of rancor. Then I realized, look, if we don't have a subscription revenue based on personalities, you said, we're not going to make it. We're doing real money, which people paid for. None of the venture capitalists want us to do that, but it was only real revenue. I realized I was writing on real money and people kept reading this one column where I was offering action alerts. You get an action alert on real money,  It was a jail where I ended up making a lot of money. I admit that, but it's the subscription business is bare because you got to be there every minute. I'm very lucky to have Jeff Marks, Zepfema to back me up. We turned into a club. That was important because we can't tend to do what we'd like to do because of the restrictions I have for CNBC for the Travel Trust. So we offer a club, we offer different recommendations. You have to know your suitability, but mainly we try to teach you. These people who are Robin Hood people, the 13 million strong, they should all, I mean, I was trying to figure out  of the vast majority of things I learned. And I was thinking to that, I don't know why. I was thinking about my biology class in eighth grade. I mean, you know, we cut up a lot of frogs. I mean, if we cut up a lot of dollar bills, we would have been smarter. It is incredible to me how little people know. I mean, frog legs versus fibers. There is without a doubt a dying desire for people to make money with what they see, whether it be Amazon, whether it be Facebook, whether it be Snap, whether it be Twitter,  They don't know what they own. And I'll give just one really good educational tip that's worked for me. Before you buy a stock, give me three reasons why you would. Now, see what happened is the electronics E-trading made it so that people didn't ever talk about a stock, they just buy a stock. So a lot of people buy the Vaxxarts, whatever it is, the Sorentos, and it was a great city in Italy. And they end up completely getting killed because when the stock goes down, they don't know what the stock is.  I mean, if you're even on Jimmy Chill, you're stupid. I mean, try to be Jimmy Chill. I love Jimmy not Chill, but we'll take Jimmy Chill today. That's fine. Thank you. In terms of the kind of creator or brand as an individual, right? Obviously, Mad Money, people know you. You've on there every single day, punching buttons. About 3,400 shows. 3,400 shows. Wow. Yeah. Hey, I'm Chris. So help us understand, where did the idea come from?  educational piece and then I would do what's coming up today or later in the market. It ran in a whole lot of radio markets, which was a very big success. It started out kind of a minor network and then it went to Bloomberg. You used to run it three times a day, loved it. And then we switched to CBS, which was fabulous. And I did radio and TV. I did real money and then went over to Mad Money until I got nodes in my throat. I was using 15, I was saying 15,000 words a day.  came up with MI Diversified. He came up with the format of this opening, and then he came up with the idea that you have to be educating, educating, educating. So we had that big educating financial literacy block. I like the radio show very much because I happen to love Dave and we had a lot of rhythm, but when I was about to leave CBC, because I wanted to do the mad money and the CEO laughed at it and thought it was stupid, got a new CEO,  I'm surrounded by amazing people. The TV radio is a very solo experience. People don't realize how solo it really is. When you sit in there with the headphones in the mic, but you know, like you're just going. TV, I've got this tremendous supporting group of guys. I got a great executive producer. I have a stage manager. I have all these great people in the control room. I've got all these people on the floor running with cameras, all of whom are of course in my fantasy football league, the Chlompidica fantasy league. And they're all my friends. I've got great, I've got my head writer.  If they decided they didn't want to play anymore, that'd be very hard for me. Absolutely. How important is it that you had the experience as a hedge fund manager for all the stuff that you're doing on the media side? It's evident. Because I know that what I say is based on real life mistakes I made and real life good things that I did. I used to keep a shoebox in my closet of all my bad trades. And every month I would review it and curse it myself.  the losses that wreck you. So you've obviously talked a lot about the things you did wrong. Was this a, hey, we did really well as a hedge fund, but we had mistakes and I talked about the mistakes or is this no, we sucked as a hedge fund and I talked about all the mistakes. Well, we, we, um, we compounded it 24% after all fees versus the S and P being 8%. So we tripled the S and P. I know that there were lots of people who were skeptical about my number.  physical in the way that I handled myself, kind of like an Eagles fan on a bad day. And I was not the person that I wanted to be. And there was an intervention done in November of 2000 by my best friends and my family to get me to quit. I weighed about 35 more pounds than I do now. I was very worried about my heart. I didn't work out. And it was time for change. But we made a lot of money in the interim. And again,  I threw a water bottle at him and told him to get that. Well, I was much more into F-bomb, Sam. Now I'm Jimmy Cho. Throwing water bottles is better than most Eagle fans. They would throw batteries. Yeah, I know. I threw a snowball at Santa, but I didn't hit him. Batteries are very effective. Hey, that which brings me to Dave Portnoy is constantly talking to me about the batteries and thought, give me a break. We threw punches. That's what we were good at and other fans because we're like the  Binkle read the binkle binkle winkle mine. Yeah, they made like a trillion a trillion dollars in crypto And I know that they follow just like the president's son. Everybody follows Portland rates insane and they have him going on the crypto and And put was making a fortune. That's what I understood and then he leaves crypto now, you know crypto what the hell happens so Dave I think is and we'd have to ask him for sure but my understanding is that in 2017 would be  the  the  but when all these assets go up, Bitcoin goes up the most.  from a utility standpoint. Bitcoin is more efficient, it's more divisible, it's more portable. It's got all these advantages. And there's an entire generation of people, 35 and under, 40 and under, whatever, they're choosing Bitcoin because it is a digitally native asset versus gold, which is the boomer sound money principle asset. They're both going to do well. They're both going to do well. It's just which one's going to pop more. You're exactly right. I see the fluidity of gold and gold stocks  If I were more secure in it, I would say, okay, look, younger people, you may not like the analog. You maybe feel more comfortable with the digital. I totally understand. People want to dig a hole in the backyard and put gold. Well, forget it. The guys who cut your lung got fined it. I feel very strongly that I have missed crypto. I haven't missed gold. I have my father buy a lot of gold. You go overseas, you can put your gold.  Also, they tell me that you got to pay ransomware in crypto, so therefore you better find out about crypto. Obviously, there's more uses, but give me a security story. If you think of gold, you can own gold, everything from own Barrett Gold, which is a company that's in that business. You can own gold that somebody else holds for you. You can go own the physical gold and put it in your house, or you can own gold and put it in a safety deposit box and have the most extreme, severe security setup in the world.  then you can actually buy Bitcoin and you can take possession of it yourself. Most Bitcoiners are going to argue that you should take possession yourself. They like the self sovereignty, they like the security, all that kind of stuff. Wait, why don't you get in here? Yeah, well, so you can have a hardware device, you can hold it on a wallet on your phone. Again, there's a whole spectrum of ways to own it. What I always tell people is, if you know yourself and you say, there's no way that I know anything technical, you can just go buy and get exposure in a stock ticker, right? You can just buy GBTC. If you say, hey, you know what, I want to go kind of  here. When you compare Bitcoin and gold, you'll like this, I think, which is with gold, if I said to you, how much gold is in the circulating supply? You'll give me kind of a really close- I think it goes to 1% every year, too. It's incredibly healthy. The shortage of gold right now is extraordinary. Yeah. But you'll tell me a pretty close estimate of what the circulating supply is. You'll tell me a pretty close estimate to the incoming daily supply. I think part of what the younger generation is realizing with Bitcoin is everything is provably scarce. So one of the big differences between gold  50,000 Bitcoin exists in circulating supply and so it's this weird world of like I know that gold is scarce I just don't know like to the T how many ounces exist, right? But he is having that provability I think that the younger generation just because they're digitally native say hey, that's really attractive I can actually point to an exact number and audit it myself because it's transparent. Well, what happened to all the What happened to all the mining? Yeah, which is stock I love  Well, are they jackasses?  gold. I've been a gold bug all my life. Do you think that I wouldn't even be thinking about gold and I would just be thinking I need 10% of my assets in a great hedge against inflation. So I need to be crypto and the gold would be something that actually didn't compute because who wants to have a hide something in some place paper deposit box. It's really an inefficient way to fight inflation. Yeah, I think the first key and we talked about the financial education is people are waking up to just  Bitcoin, while they both serve as inflation hedge assets, Bitcoin has a very, very different return profile, meaning that it's much more asymmetric. So right now, if you look earlier this year, remember, the volatility works both directions. So when equities drew down 30% in March, gold was down 12% to 15%, Bitcoin drew down on one day 50%. I mean, it's just nasty, a rip your face off, right? Yeah. Now, when we go the other direction and asset prices increase, Bitcoin is the best performing asset.  is hundreds of percent, if not thousands of percent. That brings me to, here's the most important thing you've got to know about Bitcoin, the halving. So no one's explained this yet. There's something called the Bitcoin halving, right? And I'm going to tell you why this is important. I publicly, December of 2018 came out and I issued a million dollar, my partners and I issued a million dollar challenge to any manager on Wall Street. They could put any asset, any individual stock, any asset for a decade, Bitcoin will outperform it. Million bucks goes to charity, knock yourself out.  That's what happened with Bitcoin. So in March, liquidity crisis occurs. Government steps in, starts printing money. Everyone runs for inflation hedge assets, Bitcoin being one of a bunch. In early May, there was a drop from each day, 1800 Bitcoin being created to now each day, there's only 900 being created. And that happens every four years. So that'll go on for four years, 900 a day get created, and then it'll get dropped to 450 after that four-year period. So programmatically, what you see  I always go to Simon and Schuster there. I always go to Simon and Schuster and he said, but here's the problem. He said yesterday that in three to five years, we're all going to have to pay for what the government. And my friend, Joe Kernan asked me that. And I said, I have been so possessed by that because I know that we're going to get hurt. So when I go to my inflation handbook, what it says is buy gold, buy masterpieces and buy mansions. Those are the three things that that's  what happened. I think we had to do it to avoid a depression, so I'm glad we did it. But I see the dollar going down, and most importantly, I know that no one wants to raise taxes in this country. And even if we did raise taxes, we still can't afford it. We're not cutting Social Security. We're not cutting Medicare. We're on a collision course, which makes me feel great about the goal I own. But I do feel that it's perfectly logical to add crypto to the menu.  you  I'm not going to. But then I have the gold. I have the so-called mansion, the real estate equation. And what I do is I need, and I'm not a paid spokesperson for why I need gold or why I need crypto, but I just need something that my kids will understand as a hedge to inflation. And they will never understand gold. And the reason why they'll never understand gold is they think gold's dangerous. It's dangerous because it could be stolen. It's dangerous because they don't want to take it out.  those are going to keep me running in place as opposed to pulling off the cliff. The idea of actually making money, well, holy cow, I take a shot at that with 1%. Think about this. So one thing is important, right, is when you talk to your kids about it, you got to make sure it's Bitcoin, not just crypto in general, because Bitcoin specifically has the inflation hedge things that we're talking about here. The other one's advantages, disadvantages, but Bitcoin specifically is this kind of inflation hedge type asset.  downside 200 basis point upside. So it's literally 10 to one in terms of risk reward, right? The key is the standard deviation of risk stays about the same and the sharp ratio goes up over 20%. Really? Because it's a non-correlated asset over long periods of time. Non-correlated asset, you're so right. Now let me ask you a very obvious question for you, but not for me. My kids understand where it's kept.  hold it in a custody solution, right? And then you just gotta make sure that your kids or whoever oversees the will or whatever knows how to get access to that account. Right, so it's the exact same thing. The thing I'm thinking about this is, I have trust with my kids and they're lattered, you know, when they turn 30, when they turn 30, I went 29, 26. And I have stock for that, and index funds, not individual stocks. And I am thinking that when they turn 35 and turn 40, I would look, I hope I'm there, but you never know, right?  get in the account.  Then mention a Gemini. I know you don't take any money Gemini is the one that they're in the think Winkle boss twins that that's their exchange, right? So you don't want to make fun of they're actually great guys. They've won a club that I've worn to and they're incredibly kind and upstairs I see that I don't want to make be making fun of it But if you tell them if you tell them that we talked and you're gonna buy Bitcoin, they'll be your best friend Hey, you know, they like my wife, you know, she's the head of the entertainment committee at the club we belong to  You have stock, you have cash, that's great for your kids. Remember the 29, 26. After what happened during this period, it's not right. I know now I went from being prudent to being reckless. So do I have to go buy them paintings? Again, very hard and subjective, okay? Real estate, again, taking care. I've taken care of that asset. But I think that they will be, by the time they're 35 and 40, much more comfortable owning not the gold that they have,  They will not be scared. That's really important because I was concerned that they would that they're gonna understand it better than you will just because they're digitally native Right, which is which is crazy here. Here's the best part about Bitcoin ready? This is why Portnoy loves crypto in general so much is because not only is the asset great But the community they are the best memes and gifts tweets except on the Internet  I know that I have it in the gold coins when you tell me that you're buying a dollar gold coin for $52. I don't get that at all because I did that too. I bought gold coins. I know it's just incredibly inefficient. I'm possessed by this, which is why I tell them, listen, you can go buy a gold fund, a junior gold fund. I'm allowed to do that. I know that I'm being reckless now. I know that when I saw that we got to talk, I talked with my wife about this.  if I just had that cash in there and some gold, that they may look back and say, what was my father's thinking? Why didn't he know about this? He was supposed to be such a savvy guy. And I think the answer is because I'm scared. But I like this idea that the community is behind you. I like the fact that this Gemini is somebody you trust. And I have to do my work, obviously, and the others. What, of course, would be the easiest is if JP Morgan, which I  to somebody over there who can help you do it. Oh, that would be great. I mean, look, we got a little sidetrack here, but the reason I want to stay with this education, that's what I'm about. I'm a faux educator. If I don't know Bitcoin, you know for a long time, people say, well, how about Bitcoin? I said, well, I don't trade coffee and I don't trade cotton and I don't trade Bitcoin. And that's the fight for a very long time.  pay for Lamborghini. It doesn't work like that. You get paid for the Toyota and you're thrilled. You're thrilled. I would love it if I put insurance on the Toyota and I got the Lamborghini. Of course. With a little bit of downside, maybe I don't get as nice of Toyota. And so this is what I've been, and it's literally what I said this morning on, spoke on the street, which is that I know it ends badly. Not to stop, I can tell you that. I'll find you in the next video, whatever. My kids can't, you know, they do, I mean, they later on they can just  And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm going to do this. And then you're like, oh, I'm  a very good example. You really gotta get out of like Nike, okay? And Nike at the moment was at 118. And then it fell to 115. It was at an all time high at 118 today. Now it's 115 and I would tell people, okay, this is it. Let's say you wanna buy 200 shares of Nike. Buy 50. Now people want to go all in. They wanna buy all. I want to get started in crypto by buying the equivalent of 50 Nike, okay? So the person I deal with,  I would tell people is if you're an accredited investor, you can actually go and participate in the private placement of GBTC. So you can go to grayscale and say, Hey, I don't want to buy this stock publicly. I want to invest in the private placement. You got to hold it for six months illiquid, right? But at the end of six months, you still have the same price risk of Bitcoin, but now you capture the premium rather than pay for the premium. So there's a little bit of premium. Owning it outright is the best thing to do.  fell from 18 until today.