 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Alex here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. Yeah, thanks for having me. Awesome. Let's just start with your background before we get into a bunch of the stories that you've written about. Where did you grow up and kind of what did you do before you got to Forbes? Yeah, so I'm Alex Conrad. I'm a senior editor at Forbes. I've been at Forbes for a long time now, especially for media since 2012.  and passionate about archaeology and history. I realized that storytelling was kind of the only skill from that, that would meet kind of a two requirements. It would keep me fed and, you know, with a house, but it would also allow me to just go deep on a ton of different subjects. And I think for me, that's kind of the way I'm wired is I love to just, you know, learn a ton of different things every day. I'm sure you get to experience that a lot, you know, in your job.  There were a lot of exciting companies popping up both in New York, but just everywhere. So just really leaned into the tech writing back then. Started covering a lot of the startups that were sort of popping up in the New York scene locally because most tech writers were out around San Francisco and the rest is history. I've kind of just grown with that beat over time. It's been 10 years, but it's been a lot of fun. Yeah. So when you say you wanted to follow the Indiana Jones path, what exactly  people like why are there shovels that it was really fun. And then I was also, you know, I studied some Arabic for a couple years, wasn't that great at it, but that was really interesting. Latin, medieval history. And I kind of just envisioned, you know, in some world I would be like in Sicily or in Egypt or somewhere, you know, just like finding forgotten things and then, you know, writing about them and sharing them with the world. That's awesome. I can only imagine the  anchor lists that I oversee as well as a lot of our, but not all of our tech coverage. My specialty is more kind of venture capital and then more of the B2B worlds where it comes from startups all the way to the big companies like Microsoft and Salesforce. I've written cover stories on Satya and Mark Benioff over the years, but then also a lot of small companies I read about too. In terms of the lists, I run the Midas list.  the Midas list. It is one of these lists that it almost feels like the higher up somebody is, the less they care about it. And the people who are on the bubble, right? The people who might get into it or just barely got into it, they really care a lot. And so it always provides a couple of weeks of fodder on Twitter where everyone is debating who got what is that, you know, legitimate or not. How do you think of the Midas list and kind of the purpose behind it?  So it is one where I know the whole industry is watching really closely and we feel a lot of responsibility because of that too. We really want it to be as accurate as possible. In terms of kind of the process, the list is a data-driven list. And I'd say that one of the big complications is we follow it by individual, not by firm. A lot of VCs will say that that is a team sport, which is totally fair. But if Mike Trout ever leaves the Angels, his numbers will follow  don't count as much as a public company because they aren't liquid. But we're looking at basically companies that have raised an up round or gone public or been acquired over the previous five years. That way we don't get long time retired folks. But at the same time, it's not a popularity contest of which VC is meaning the hardest that year. Absolutely. What's the craziest thing? Don't name it any names. But what is the craziest thing somebody has said who didn't make the list in private? Are we talking like angry?  Um, we'll DM me or email me and be like, Hey, just had this exit, probably not good enough to ever make your Midas list where that salt is definitely, um, apparent. You know, it's really not personal and I do feel bad when these feelings are hurt to a degree. Um, hopefully they give me good stories because they're trying to get notice more. So you're saying like in between the list coming out, people will literally send you the deals that they do. So they just to double check that you for sure know that the deal happened.  30 under 30 list because 20 something hustlers are possibly even more shameless. I mean, it definitely is always interesting to see really successful heavy hitters in the BC world kind of taking things personally, but at the same time, you know, it's also kind of flattering. So, so we don't want to like punch down too much. I'd say with 30 under 30, unfortunately, people really get the wrong impression that kind of the more annoying or omnipresent  So, you know, we are taking nominations right now in the fall, and we're especially looking to have like a more inclusive, diverse list. Unfortunately, anything where people are nominating themselves or their friends, it can end up a bit of a popularity contest. And, you know, we don't love to see the same faces over and over. So that is something that we are working on intentionally. That list is nomination based. So people either raise their hand or they raise someone else's hand  every year we have three or four of those folks who are actually evaluating the people. My job is to make a baseball card of each credible person, hype them as much as I can to the judges and then see what the judges think. Awesome. And so obviously you're managing these lists and kind of working through all the nuances there and those are coming out on a periodic basis. But at the same time, you've got what I'll call kind of your day job, right? Or what, at least before the list you were doing, which is writing. I mean, you do a fantastic job of,  They were always able to kind of get in front of reporters throughout their history to some degree because Dustin Moskowitz co-founded Facebook for a while. He was the youngest self-made billionaire in the world. That obviously is going to have some cache. Justin Rosenstein, his co-founder was also one of the sort of key early folks at Google and then Facebook as well. So they had that kind of pedigree and they were on the radar. But it's not in itself as kind of a work software team management company.  going to go public this fall. And so given that every year for the Cloud 100, we like to profile a really interesting company that's doing well on the list, it felt like now or never with Asana. And so I used that multi-year relationship with Dustin and the team there to try to find a way that they could talk to us, even given the IPO constraints, so that we could tell the story and the issue this year.  there was a lot of pressure and not super high expectations among the sort of technorati of 2008, 2009, when Justin and JR left Facebook to build Asana. Peter Thiel, Sean Parker, Mark Zuckerberg, Matt Kohler, all those kinds of big wigs who had made money off of Facebook, or it seemed like they were going to because Facebook hadn't gone public yet. They all put money into Asana, but Eric told me that they didn't  how they persevered there with the huge expectations of having come from Facebook, but without that buzz of a Facebook or a TikTok or something like that. So that would be probably the first one. And then I'd point to one other, which is, he said that the hot companies, this is Dustin, as they were building were kind of like Palantir Dropbox companies like that, at least in his world, they were all bragging about how fast they were hiring. They were bragging about big companies.  state, they brought in executive coaching really fast. Um, so all this kind of mindfulness. And then they also practice what they preach by saying, we're not going to, we're not going to more than double head count in every, any one year period. So, so they kind of like deliberately put these guardrails on how fast they would grow to try to be that kind of like sustainable company. Um, that maybe seems a little cooler now, but especially I think like a few years ago, that was not the Uber approach. It was not the approach.  like they're more open now and kind of they almost are being forced to be more public about what they're doing. I think part of that is Dustin growing as a leader, you know, that I think he's more comfortable. You know, people can follow him on Twitter. He shares a lot of points of view. And I think, you know, he has evolved. He calls himself an introvert and he talks about having an extrovert budget of kind of like, you know, public facing things that he'll do, including an interview with a place like Forbes.  They are like, you know, audience members may know them from their YouTube ads. Like I feel like every other YouTube video I watch, there's a Monday ad. So they've taken like a very consumer approach to getting their word out there. And there are a bunch of these companies doing well, Notion, Airtable. So I think we're seeing this exciting moment for like workflow companies. And if you want to be in that game, you got to be out there. Yeah, that makes sense. You also wrote a story about  was like, I finally got him to talk sort of, which was a fair way to put it. Lee did really well at Tiger Global. They're one of the big kind of growth investors out there, especially in the tech space. And Lee is one of a couple kind of people who were really successful there. They started pretty young under Chase Coleman, and then they became these kind of titans of finance. It's Lee and Scott Schleifer being the sort of  financial firm. And so we has started his own fund addition, billion plus funds where he can kind of groom the next generation and be doing his own thing, investing in startups with like total flexibility, what stage. The coolest thing about that was I spoke to a ton of his entrepreneurs for the story and they had some really good, good stories like John Foley, the CEO of Peloton told me that he only, the only stock he owns is Peloton.  to like everybody you can find in their life to kind of get those anecdotes. And why do you think he's been so much more successful than most? Is it something in terms of the way he thinks about the market? Does he have the ever elusive kind of proprietary deal flow? Like what is it that makes him special? I think, you know, one thing is that Lee is definitely not an ego driven investor. He's not on Twitter. He doesn't want a public profile. And I think that allows him to basically  at spotting market trends. Obviously there are a million people at hedge funds and everywhere who are like reading reports all day, trying to like see where the puck is going. I think Lee just has really good decisiveness where he can see a couple of trends and say, okay, Peloton, you know, like, like he was actually on vacation reading about different exercise trends and options and saw Peloton. And at the time it was a deal that like was very hard for them to do because the number  Is that a trend that you're seeing where more and more investors are kind of blending the early stage and late stage investing into single funds or is that something specific to his strategy? It's something that's hard to do when your firm gets too big. So a firm like Andres and Horowitz will have a crypto fund, it'll have a growth fund, it'll have an early stage fund because if you have a lot of people whose careers are depending on success, I think when you get too blended  move faster because it's just him at the top. And it's just him deciding what is a success and how people should be rewarded. So I think that's where the flexibility is really attractive to him. I would say I think like LPs like universities or the big foundations of the world who give money to these species, they probably see him more as a growth investor. But he would say that some of his early stage wins were actually as good.  everywhere is Canva. And this story is fascinating to me because they're not based in the US, took a very different approach to building that business, but now a multi-billion dollar company. When did you first meet them and kind of what was maybe even your first reaction when you came across the approach they were taking, the location they were based in, et cetera? Yeah. So Melanie Perkins, the head of Canva is one of the most inspiring or impressive entrepreneurs I've ever met.  you know, casually and was like, oh, you know, design software, that sounds interesting. She seems like to have a lot of charisma, but I didn't have any sense of kind of the community and the numbers that they were pulling. Then I watched as they became a unicorn, they hit a multi-billion valuation, a 2.7 billion valuation when I was talking to them. And I was like, okay, what, what is the backstory to this company that is not getting taken seriously enough because  is both. It has a ton of revenue and a ton of scale while also living off of these mom and pop and small type businesses. So we went there, fascinating time for me. And I did have a few learnings from that that I'm happy to share. But I would say overall, the number one lesson was you can build a business like that anywhere with the right ingredients. And so I think being in Australia, they just crept up on a lot of people.  and actually take the plunge to use your tool. So they did a lot of work there. And then they also did a lot of work basically paying it forward with their business where they gave away a ton of their futures for free. And they really didn't stress about revenue early on. Obviously they had to stay very lean to do that. And I think being in Australia, their costs were lower, but they basically nailed this kind of freemium model  white is obvious to businesses especially. And so they enabled people to basically start bikini companies by just having like great designs to show off their products. I actually met an Australian bikini company through the process, but they basically saw that in the Instagram world, brands that did not stick out in more than just kind of their text or their products would not get noticed. And they were like,  And it just seemed like reading through that, you're like every step of the way, they kept that focus. I recently wrote a piece basically talking about this idea of most of the tech companies seem to have been customer or consumer focused for a while now. And that's playing out now and being a huge tailwind during COVID. A lot of the legacy non-tech companies, whether it's airlines, fast food chains, et cetera, I think they always talked about it, but now they're realizing like, oh, maybe airlines shouldn't charge $200  If it's like, how do we minimize our engagement with you so that you don't cancel a company like Canva? I think they just really enjoyed like being out in the community and talking to their customers. And I think, um, especially someone like Melanie, when, when her users felt like they knew her or that, you know, she was one of them, it created a brand loyalty that is powerful because Adobe does, you know, it does have a good leader in its kind of competitive unit and Scott Belsky.  And that's definitely a mindset thing. Absolutely. Let's talk about Zoom. You wrote the perfectly timed profile there and they obviously have become the darling of this entire pandemic. What was kind of your experience writing that one? Yeah. Eric is one of the nicest people you'll meet. I should frame a couple of the emails that he's just sent me, whether it was like fact checking or just feedback, because you can just see how genuine he is.  I would say even when they've had challenges, his genuine self has kind of given them some credibility there to figure things out. But Zoom crept up on a lot of people because it's always been in a crowded market. Video software didn't seem that exciting. And they just decided to build a tool that was a little bit better in as many ways as possible than what was out there. And it turns out you don't have to have the perfect tool if it's just  losing out on features when they can just kind of quickly improve things that become a priority. So like they've been improving a lot of their consumer features right now because they just spent three months focused on security. And I think, you know, their, their competitive advantage is just they know the space as well or better than anyone, right? I mean, it's, it's now been tweeted a lot, but like a lot of the top engineers that work for Eric at Webex, you know,  like don't spend all this at once. And the employee would open it and there'd be like a dollar and they'd be like, thank you, Eric. And he just laughed every time. Like he's a corny dad with like dad humor, but I love seeing that too. Just like the actual joy he had like mixing it up with the employees. And I think they all got the joke. Like if you're a CEO who's kind of not a very nice person and you're going around giving everyone a $1 bonus, that would probably go over very differently.  reputationally a bit, the way that an investor does. I obviously, and for those who don't know, I can't own individual stocks as a reporter. So I don't own any Zoom or any of these companies unless it's in a mutual fund in my 401k or something. But I don't want to spend a lot of time talking about a company being interesting or doing something well if they're not. It's irresponsible. It makes me look like a chump. It makes Forbes look  I think they describe it as a drop-in audio app that is kind of like a conference call with an audience to some degree. Talk a little bit about the absolute chaos around their most recent fundraising round and the competition. Yeah, so I mean Clubhouse had the perfect storm fundraise because it's an app that VCs are obsessed with. And as much as VCs should be thinking about markets that are not themselves, it's really easy to see that  And TikTok was not really like an easy investment opportunity. It's such a big company with ByteDance. So I think there was a lot of, there was a lot of firepower waiting to back a company like this. The founders also had credentials having built social media companies before. It's kind of just like it checked every box. So there was a big war. And we were hearing that individuals were trying to put together AngelList syndicates to give them like evaluation closer to 200,  You can tell me the full story if you want. It feels like a million years ago, but it was just a few months ago that early in quarantine, that app had just struck a nerve with a certain part of the tech world. It's so funny too because a lot of these consumer apps, they naturally want early adopters and beta testers. Who better than to go get people who understand how to build products and do all that stuff, which many of them  a Canva that says, hey, look, we're gonna go after small businesses and kind of as far away from Silicon Valley, that user base is possible. Whereas a lot of these consumer applications, that is who the initial user base is. It just ends up being the people who know how to build products and people will debate whether that's good or bad, but it's just an interesting trend to see. Yeah, I think Clubhouse is an interesting test case where basically they have tried to game the sort of consumer success trajectory in a bunch of ways.  like confirm that energy. So I think Clubhouse has gone influencer first and I don't think it's guaranteed that that'll work. And I do think that of course, communities built around groups that are not obvious could be much more passionate. It's just harder for those of us on Twitter or whatever to find them because we may not be in that community. Yeah, absolutely. Masayoshi, you guys are  in tech companies. That's at a factor bigger than we'd ever seen before. Some of the biggest VC firms in the world, their AUM is maybe 10 billion now. But so $100 billion fund just to invest in these companies, it was just a massive impact, right? And we were talking about it, the whole tech world, reporting world, we're talking about the impact of this fund for good and bad. But talking to Masa, who's based in Japan and doesn't do a lot of interviews was really hard.  So basically what I did is I said, you know, I am not going to be beholden to any narratives. I'm going to hear you guys out. And if there's a way that SoftBank can still win here or that Moss has misunderstood, I will, I take that beginner's mind and I will hear it out and I will try to give you guys a fair shake. And I think my track record and I guess my sales pitch were strong enough that they thought, okay, like we will try to win.  And it's like that is, you know, that's what's made him so successful. But it also is why I think the criticisms can be fair too. So that was, it was a trip. Talking to all the people in the soft bank orbit was a unique experience. It was extremely stressful, but we were really happy, you know, with the story that we were able to put together. And I hope that anyone in the audience who goes and reads that story would think it's fair look at kind of why they're in tough straits, but also how Masa can sort of  Well, first off, Masa is a lot less Imperial than I think he comes off as. Part of that is because he has an entourage. He's based in Japan. You go through so many hoops to meet him, you've kind of built him up in your head, but he's actually a relatively small, smiling, unthreatening, seeming man physically, just in his sweater and everything.  these big picture folks. Like he'll speak in big metaphors. He'll speak in kind of the arc of history. As someone who studied history, I could appreciate that. But some people love that he can just sort of fit together a future, you know, the technological future of the next 30 years into a coherent narrative. And that just really resonates. And then everything he does is kind of fitting the narrative. For other people,  way can DoorDash suddenly beat all its competitors just because we understand that data is important? There are limits to what you can do with data. And in fact, people are much more mindful now about how their data is used. So I think for me, the interesting thing was that he has this 40,000 foot view of the world, and then he's trying to apply it on a company by company basis. And I think that's where things can either go great or they can go really badly. Yeah. Was there any sense of maybe  say, Maso just believes that a lot of markets are a winner take all market effectively. That one brand is just going to end up crushing most of the others. And obviously that's true in some industries. It's not maybe not so true in other industries, but I think that directionally, he's not as crazy as it seems about that. And so are you really overpaying in the short term? If all you're doing is trying to find that outlier like winner take all market, I would say probably not as much as he  is more self-aware than I think a lot of people think. He knows the criticism. He's not some, I don't know, naive person who just doesn't understand what people think about him. I just don't think he cares. And there is something to admire there of just the person who knows that a lot of people doubt them and just sleeps well at night anyway. I asked him, what do you think about everyone just kind of  he's had this very epic boom and bust cycles personally. I think that does probably harden you a little bit. I think it's weird for some investors to have an investor who doesn't seem to be motivated just by hoarding money. I don't know if it's a gambler mentality or what it is, but as you said, he claims to have been the richest person in the world briefly during the dot-com bubble. Everything was so crazy that that's very hard to  And I think that is really confusing for a lot of investors who, whatever they say, are ultimately money-driven. Yeah. It's absolutely fascinating. One other company that you've written about that I think because it's in the enterprise space, people just don't know it as well as Snowflake. But obviously now they're going to go public here and have this big splash. What was your history meeting the company and then writing that story? Yeah. So Snowflake,  that actually could be sold pretty well and then brought in a series of a couple aggressive salespeople that basically run the company. That doesn't always go super well. But with Bob Muglia and then Frank Slootman, they've had these elite people basically brought in as mercenaries to sell their tool to the world. And yet, at least one of the co-founders is still very involved on the deeply technical side of Snowflake. So that was kind of interesting to  this stock? Like, what do I do? You know, it's like, there was a lot in between, right? But I do think that Snowflake