 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Andy here with me. Thanks so much for doing this. Thank you for having me. For sure. So for the like two people who are watching this who don't know who you are, let's just start with your background and kind of what you did before you got to Wealthfront. Okay, well, I was a career venture capitalist for almost 25 years, the last 10 of which I co-founded and  impetus for when you guys started that. Well, I needed a job. That's a pretty good answer. I had the good fortune to have been a partner at another one of the, at what was then a premier firm in the venture business called Merrill Pickard Anderson and I, or it was probably one of the top five or six firms in the business. And two of our five partners had reached out to me and said,  where five of us shook hands to start Benchmark. So it was my partner, one of my partners from Merrill Pickard, Bruce Stenley, VNI, and three other people. The other partner, the third partner from Merrill Pickard teamed up with two other people and started Foundation Capital. And at the same time, another one of the top five venture firms, TVI, had decided, had the same generational transition  I read a book that we were heavily influenced by at the time that we had come together called Built to Last. And so we wanted a name that evoked something that was built to last. We were looking for an architectural term. And believe it or not, Benchmark was initially the high point in a building. And we also wanted something that had a technology connotation. And back in the days of hardware, you always benchmarked your product  firm in the technology industry. And you did it for about a decade, if I understand correctly. What was the fascination or kind of drew you to teaching? I think a lot of people said, hey, that is a natural progression. But what was it for you personally in terms of wanting to go do that? Well, I wanted to give back. I have a life beyond anything that I ever could have imagined. And I wanted to give back to the institutions that made that possible. So I became a  I was a, I TA'd a lot of courses undergrad and grad. I was a guest lecturer for a number of classes and I liked coaching. So it was something that I wanted to try and I absolutely fell in love with. How, how similar was it coaching or teaching students to dealing with founders on a daily basis? You know, founders have always been young,  Okay, so you're gonna continue to teach but you ultimately end up starting a business What was was it just pulling you out of bed every day and you said I got to go do this or was there some other reason to know it was really quite accidental so one of my responsibilities as a trustee at Penn was to sit on the endowment investment board and which I now chair and I was sitting through a presentation on how the Endowment got its great returns. I'm a big believer that the  And I thought, God, if you automate much of what they did, and if you actually implement it in software, you could deliver an 80-20 on the endowment experience. So it isn't quite as good, but it'd be radically better than what the average individual investor has available to them in the United States. And that struck me as an opportunity because when I was a venture capitalist, many of the people that I had recruited  in terms of as you guys got started, I was reading online, I actually didn't know this. The company had a different name at first and then kind of the Wealthfront story started in 2011. But what was kind of the pivot or the name change and kind of how you navigated that? And then what was that initial launch under the Wealthfront naming tells in 2011? Sure, well, everyone pivots. The one thing that most people don't understand is that literally every single successful technology company ended up pursuing  managers from which you could choose who you could access with as little as $10,000 and typically it took a million dollars at least to attract to be able to get into a separately managed account Outstanding investment manager and we use the methodology or algorithms that premiering elements used to vet the managers So what we were trying to do is find people who are likely to outperform and make them accessible that nest the democratic  we were really only appropriate for the US public equity portion of one's portfolio. And when we talked to people who chose not to open an account, the consistent message that we got, everyone used different words, but basically we would rather that you manage all of my portfolio adequately and inexpensively than a portion of its superbly. And that was a lot easier to do. So we skinnied the marketplace down to one manager, us, and we offered a diversified and  But what does that look like in a product format? Well, basically what we've done is taken best practices in the financial advisory world and automated them. There's no proprietary algorithms. There's no quant element to what we do. The way that we diversify your portfolio was first conceived in 1958 and it won the Nobel Prize in 1990. And it's the basis on which all well-managed large pools of capital diversify their homes.  And the problem is that the research is really clear that most individuals buy when the market goes up and sell when the market goes down. It's the opposite of what you should do, but it's what feels right. And nothing about good investing feels right. So if we can keep you invested, then that's gonna earn you another one and a half to three and a half percent per year based on the research of the way individual investors do. So we wanna make sure that we get  deliver a service called tax loss harvesting, which pays for our very modest fee of a quarter of a percent, anywhere from three to 13 times over. So amazingly, applying this methodology that typically has only been available to very wealthy people, it's selling an ETF when it goes down and replacing it with a similar one to maintain the risk and return characteristic  And so it's tremendous value. So we just kept improving it and improving it and adding more features to that to the point that Dave Swann Simu runs the Yale Endowment, who's probably the most famous endowment manager, a large pool of capital manager in the world, said to me, I don't think there's anyone better than what you do other than maybe a few of the top endowments. And we make it available to people with as little as $500.  and optimates all of your personal finances. And then one of our engineers said, well, that's self-driving money. And that's a lot pickier way of saying it. We said, actually, yeah. So the vision is to get people to direct deposit their paycheck with us. We automatically pay their bills and then even pay down their debts and then take the remaining money and invest that in a way that's most appropriate for their situation and goals.  of as a software-based financial assistant that automates your savings. And so we actually are now implementing our vision. Yeah. What's really interesting about this is much of, I think, personal finances, one, people just are very undereducated on it, right? A lot of people just don't have either access to the information, no one sat them down and said, you know, here's the basics. So I think that, you know, obviously being able to kind of impart that information to somebody's portfolio  writing it into code and then preventing people from making all of the classic mistakes, right? That's all we do. It's really, really simple. You know, it's really funny. People, I've seen many people write about us that it's ideal for beginners, which makes absolutely no sense because it's just as appropriate for really sophisticated people as beginners. And as a matter of fact, the early adopters of almost every one of our services are literally the most sophisticated people. So for example, with autopilot, uh, this is a feature of first self driving money  That's what we call an assistant, not an advisor. You're in complete control of this thing. And it basically just automates what sophisticated people normally do. And over time, we'll monitor more and more source accounts, and we'll route to more and more destination accounts in parallel. And the beauty of it is if you bank with Wealthfront, all of this money transfer is immediate. We take all the float out of the system.  do each of these new features that you launch actually hit with product market fit? But where did that terminology come from initially? Well, as a venture capitalist, I always spent a lot of time trying to improve my craft. I always tried to get better. And one of the things that I did is I tried to study my competitors to understand what they did really well. And the firm that I most respected was Sequoia Capital.  you're understaffed. It's not that you're not good. It's just that you have so little bandwidth to do so much, you're going to screw almost everything up. So the pull from the market has to be so strong for you to succeed. That's all that matters. And so Don was famous for asking this question, who cares? Everything he focused on was who cares about your product and why  first digital video company called CQ Microsystems. Don was his chairman. So I tried to learn from him about Don. Couldn't exactly call Don up and Don wouldn't tell you the secrets if you called him. No. But I was on the board of a number of companies. We worked with Sequoia LACBAC in the days when we used to syndicate and I would talk with my colleagues because there was a lot of mutual respect. And so I basically put a name to what Don had been doing for  were based on some of the thoughts that I put together on what was important to product market fit. And so together we really tried to think that through. Mark wrote about it a lot, which is why a lot of people think that he coined the term, but he's always very kind to give me the credit. And about 12 years ago, I started teaching a course on it at Stanford. So every year I try to get a little bit better at trying to understand the issues.  And so a lot of people fall for that. But one of the things that you find if you talk to the premier venture firms is they're riveted on exponential organic growth. And then how about with the enterprise software? Well, there are two things. There are two heuristics that I've come to recommend for them. One of my teaching partners for another one of my courses, not the product market fit course, was a fellow named Mark Leslie, who founded a  and then it ramps very quickly and then it starts to slow down again. And interestingly, the first knee of the curve in that S where things really take off, the sales yield is equal to one. So the sales yield is the contribution margin generated by a sales team as the numerator and the cost in the denominator is the cost to field a sales team.  you know you figured it out. And the paper on sales learning curve, which you can easily Google, makes the point that the biggest mistake enterprise companies make is they ramp up their sales teams before they know whether or not their sales yield is greater than one. And they do it thinking more sales reps means more sales. What does it work that way? First, you have to figure out the recipe and then you can ramp it. And that's where you waste it.  No one ever lives up to that contract. What Doug does is he tells the CEO, pull the trial after 30 days. Now, most companies don't start the trial until one or two weeks into the stated 30-day period. Doug's point is if they don't scream and pay you, they were never going to pay you anyway because if they don't scream, they weren't desperate. If they're not desperate, they're not going to pay you. Pull the trial.  you try to figure out why was that customer not desperate? What are the characteristics that would cause someone to be desperate? And you test the new hypothesis. And that's where you apply the wing startup methodology. Yeah. One of the things that's really interesting, you know, again, you've co-founded one of the absolute best venture capital firms in the world today. You've built a very big business with Wealthfront. But what you're talking about when you're talking about kind of formulas and algorithms  founder of a company, it's easy to focus on here are the important things, right? The existential organic growth is much more important than going and sinking a bunch of money into digital ads, for example. I wish that knowing how to judge made a difference to actually creating a product that succeeded at those things. Those are two very different issues. So yes, I think I have an unfair advantage in knowing what to look for, but unfortunately, that doesn't  Talk a little bit about the impact that that volatility has had on Wealthfront users and then maybe some of the positive things that Wealthfront has allowed people to do that data is suggesting, for example, a lot of older clients in the financial advisor world sold stocks at the bottom of the market in March, right? Because of short time horizons. Let me just talk kind of the macro environment and COVID-19, how that's impacted Wealthfront. Okay. Well, first of all,  product to keep someone from reaching out to them that it is providing technical support, even though they provide great technical support. So the thing that's most surprising about our customer base is our withdrawals are not at all correlated with market performance. This shocks people. Now, I don't know if that's because we offer a passive investing solution, an index-based solution. And maybe to use us, you've already  goes down. So we're going along just fine. I mean, we're growing at our normal pace, but I would say that right now the day trading is exploding. And you see that in companies like Robinhood. Now, every 15 years or so, something happens that causes an explosion in day trading. And then people lose their money and then they learn their lesson.  to trading, which literally makes no sense, but it's what they want to do and they're welcome to do what they want to do. What's so interesting to me is you get the market volatility, right? To your point, there's probably some longer term trends. Just now's about the right time for day trading to come back because people who learned their lesson back 10 to 20 years ago, they've kind of aged out of the phase of wanting to do it. And so there's a whole nother crop of people that need to learn the lesson. Exactly.  and  which led people who had historically reasonable performance to think that they were doing a good job. We were talking about Howard Marks before in one of his recent letters. He pointed out that if the S&P 500 is up 50 percent, the six biggest tech companies are up more and the other 494 companies that comprise the S&P 500  comes from people doing things. So it's like, oh, I see a price movement. I need to buy or sell because that's how I almost convince myself I'm in control. And what obviously all the research shows is maybe being in control is not the thing that needs to happen. We're the boring choice. All we can do is encourage people to limit their play money to a reasonably small percentage of their total net worth. Go have fun.  And Bert said, as a matter of fact, I do. And I also love going to the dog truck. He said, but I consider that entertainment. I don't consider that investing. And I keep it to less than 10% of my net worth. I enjoy it and I do it, but I know exactly what it is. So yeah, that's a great way. We're the boring alternative. That's awesome.  because they don't like the idea that the same principles have worked decade after decade after decade and that's gonna continue. Well, practically speaking, I think the latter. I think that's a very good question. Technically speaking, there have been advances in factor-based analysis and that's led to products like Smart Beta. And there was a Nobel Prize awarded for that in 2019 or 2013. So 23 years after modern portfolio theory,  to have a portfolio with maybe, maybe not 60, 40, but maybe six asset classes in it. And the thing that we can really add value on is the tax savings that a traditional financial advisor can't do because it's too complicated. You know, if you think about all the tax lots, especially with dividend reinvesting from the index funds, that that's too hard for an advisor to perform other than at year end. But computers don't care  the financial advisor charges 1%. And if you outsource some of the portfolio for tax loss harvesting to parametric associates, they charge another half a percent. So people have to justify the fees with more action. The problem is more action leads to destruction of portfolio value, not addition, not creation of portfolio value, but that's not a fun narrative. For sure. And one of the things in the University of  think about that in a world where you can use quantitative models and algorithms and software really to, again, just help people do the good things, right? Not necessarily do anything crazy special, but just the good things. Where do you see the alternatives fitting into that? Well, the dirty little secret is almost no quant funds make money. And by saying almost no quant funds outperform the market. Renaissance  to the premier hedge funds and private equity firms, then there are a few that are too sigma from the mean. In the venture business, something like 20 firms or 3% of the venture capital firms generate 95% of the realized returns of the industry. Now, there've been a bunch of studies of late how they don't represent nearly as much of the returns  investors who when the markets go down worry about whether or not they should make a new commitment. If you can't get access to the premier hedge funds or private equity firms, you shouldn't do it because investing in the others are value-destroying exercises. The number one thing that private wealth managers sell to justify their high fees is access to alternatives. The problem is the old Groucho-Mokes line. Never join a club that would have you as a member.  that that's actually the ultimate goal of this game is that you have to get the money back. Exactly. And markups are great, but you know, there's a lot of unicorns that won't ever return a penny. We've definitely seen that already. And something tells me there are more to come. Talk a little bit about the, there's a counter argument to basically what you guys are doing. There's kind of the critic who would say, oh, there's just this massive passive investing bubble.  something like 98% of the scholars who do research agree that there is a problem with climate change. Now, if you go online, it's not 98%. I remember in John Oliver's first season, he did a bit where he said, all of these point-counterpoint news shows have debates on the subject where they have one person representing each other.  debate among individual investors because they don't want it to be true because no one wants to believe that they can't do it. It's really funny to me that you'd never pick up a scalpel and think, I could perform heart surgery. But you can look at a Yahoo finance page and think I can pick stocks, both of which take years and years of apprenticeship and learning to do exceptionally well. But for some reason, people think they can  total capital past actively managed funds total capital, you know, and that's after and I think vanguard sold their first index fund in 1974 So it's taken a long long time to get to 50% Bert Malkiel's point of view and he actually wrote a blog post about this on the Wealthfront blog was that is that until passive is  price and securities because as long as a security, as long as there is $2 trillion of money chasing it, if something gets mispriced terribly, someone's going to jump in. Yeah. It's funny to hear you talk about the individuals who are debating passive versus active, because I think you are right that it's people want to believe that they can. I don't blame them, but I don't think I can pick up a scalpel and perform heart surgery.  So if you like Vanguard, you'll love Wealthfront. But I let Vanguard do all of that work. I can only preach to the converted. I can't do missionary work. I have to leave that to big companies. And that's not just true of Wealthfront, that's true of all startups. Is that a resource constraint or what exactly is driving? It takes too much time. Time, okay. Time and effort. Got it. Talk a little bit about the fee-based model.  Right. But I hope that your viewers and listeners realize that Robin Hood makes a rather large multiple of revenue relative to us annually. They get more revenue from you than we do for their free trading. And that's just because it's hidden. It's called payment for order flow.  I'm clear. Actually, I've never heard anyone make that argument. It's the idea that the exchange is selling it is the part that you don't like or the part where Robinhood selling it to the exchange or just the whole. I didn't say I don't like I'm just saying that if you call, let's say I'm, I'm a brokerage from, and you say, I want to sell a hundred shares of Netflix with Netflix at $500. That's a lot of money. So I'm just trying to make the  The reason that the exchange is willing to pay me is they then take the data, the information, and they don't know that it's Andy Radcliffe. They just know that an individual wants to sell 100 shares of Apple, and they sell that to a high-frequency trader. If the market for Netflix is a bid-ask spread of  frequency trader, every year they get a smaller and smaller time period to front run your trade. So what's the name of the guy who wrote, Blindside and Moneyball? Oh, Michael Lewis. Michael Lewis. So he wrote a great book on this called Flash Boys.  It's just overt. People don't like overt fees. And as I've said before, we feel good about what we do because the value of our tax laws harvesting more than pays for that fee many, many times over. And the reason that we're able to do this is if you delight your customer, they tell their friends. So we grow through word of mouth. So I was on the board of Reed Hastings' previous company, Pure Software, and he taught me that virality is the greatest form, that delight is the  ratio. And you only do it if you really delight your customers. And the highest valued companies are the ones that do this. For a consumer company, net of churn to generate more than 100% of last year's revenues is exceptionally unusual. Yeah. And is this where you see something like a Netflix, being able to increase the price and not have increased churn? Yeah, because they delight their customers. They give you more and more value.  The same store sales are 1.7x what they were last year. Can you imagine a retailer with same store sales of 170%? They're happy if they get 104%. And so Datadog, something like 170%. Snowflake, which is coming public, is something like 160%. The top quartile of SaaS companies are 125%. And we're at 130%. I challenge you to find another consumer company  automating it by only delivering services that we can automate. We lower the cost of delivering the service and we share the economics with our customer and they really, really value that. So, you know, first we offered investment services and then we offered the fastest, easiest and cheapest way to borrow money with our portfolio line of credit. Our customers who use that are our most satisfied customers. Then we offered a high yield cash account  Yeah, I love that. And the nice thing is the autopilot brings it all together that imagine, you know, you don't have to learn how to drive a manual transmission or a stick shift car before you learn how to drive an automatic. Do you? But you never see anybody online say, well, before you drive any automatic, you better learn how to drive a stick. But for some reason, earlier you talked about financial education with