 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got AJ here. Thanks for doing this man. Yeah, absolutely. Thanks for having me. For sure. Let's just jump right in. Let's talk about your background and kind of what you did before VaynerMedia and then VaynerSports that you're running today. Sure. I mean, it starts with being born in Jersey. Grew up in a small town in New Jersey, kind of on the border of Pennsylvania and  and so entrepreneurship was the driving conversation at the dinner table. And it was interesting because Gary's 11 years older than I am. And so because of that, the fact that it was kind of where my dad had a lot of his focus, ended up being where my brother had a lot of focus, you know, 10, 11, 12, 13, and the dinner table conversations business. And I'm very lucky for that. And that was huge for me. And I was also pretty good with math.  science, which is a really interesting mix. I don't recommend minoring in computer science. If you're going to take computer science, you should probably major in it. I remember I'll never forget I was like a junior and one of my professors, I mean, like comp sci 242, whatever it is, right? One of the professors like so like you learned last year in CS 212 and CS 230. And I didn't take CS 212 and 230. Right. And so that was super tough, but I figured it out. I'm glad I did it.  But where we ultimately landed was VaynerMedia. And the reason we landed on that was because Gary was already doing so much for his personal brand utilizing things like Twitter and Facebook, that he started having people in his network saying, hey, you're doing this for yourself. Can you help me do this for a business? And we saw it as an opportunity to take something that we were interested in, social media platforms. I actually spent a summer in San Francisco  Jersey is actually a very big epicenter for corporate HQs, specifically around consumer packaged goods. We have a lot of big CPG companies that are in Jersey and a lot of those big CPG company executives happen to be customers of the Wine Library and personal relationships with my brother. We just saw it as kind of opportunistic. It felt right given just the economic situation. We also had so much belief in these platforms and how they were working for my brother that we knew brands would latch on.  right? He was kind of really out there. You've obviously kind of taken a different path where you're like, look, that's great for my brother, but maybe not something that I necessarily want to go do. Um, but you guys end up working together. And so a lot of people don't have, you know, a brother, whether that's, you know, either way in terms of a complimentary skillset, but how did you guys really ideate to that point? Was it just like a customer came and said, Hey, I really want you guys to do this. I'll be the first customer. Or was it something where you eventually, Hey, we should do the media side and let's go try to find some of the early  you know, now knowing what he's doing now, that adds up, right? And so he starts Gary Vaynerchuk.com. So he launches a personal website and the website is basically a video blog centered around business, comma, social media and the intersection of social media and business. So he does that. That starts doing really well. He then starts getting asked to do speaking gigs. And so he starts, you know, primarily in the New York, New Jersey area and then eventually across the country. And this is really 2008, 2009.  does like a four hour brainstorm. And then the brainstorm, they're like, that was awesome. How do we actually go do what you just said? And that's where my brother, you know, he's not, he's not the one that's going to create the deck or write up an outline Word document plan. And that's where he's like, Hey, I think I can bring in the interest kind of like the, um, indirect sales funnel. I can start with the big ideas and set the strategy, but I think I need infrastructure built out to actually create  Obviously, he being out there and you not being out there and so much on the social content side, everyone kind of looks at like, they saw the journey, if you will, if they've been paying attention long enough, because they just saw, hey, he was talking at, you know, a thing, a video on YouTube that has 200 people. Now there's 500 people. Now there's 2000 people, right? I can watch his followers grow, whatever. With this entire time, you're basically running the operations of a business that, for those people that don't know, is very large and ended up growing to, you know,  to what it is today. Yeah, I think a lot of it came, you know, I was 22 when we started it, right? And by the time I was 24, I was a COO of 150 person, eight figure company, right? And a very traditional one, not like a tech startup, right? Where that makes sense, right? That, you know, if somebody was super young and came up with this innovative social app or something, this was a very traditional, like, I would show up to the boardroom  What I think helped me be confident and comfortable in the role at such a young age was I was living, breathing, and thinking business all throughout middle school and high school. It's a similar story to my brother's. My brother did it primarily through baseball cards in high school. I did it primarily through garage sales, yard sales, thrift stores, and eBay. I was an eighth grader and I would come home from school and I would literally walk into my bedroom,  serial number, I had envelopes organized by number, by category, and I would come home and I would pull product off the shelves in this bedroom and I would package it all up. And then I would have to ask my mom to drive me to the post office. Cause I grew up in a very rural area and then my mom would take me for like the eight minute drive to the post office. And I would see the post office, uh, men and women there and the postal workers. And it was every day, this little kid coming in, not only was I like in seventh and eighth grade, but I looked like I was in fourth or fifth grade, always looked young, I was always small and young looking.  You know, web design, you know, Photoshop and CSS and HTML and primarily relied on WordPress. And then, you know, was taking computer science. So I was learning a few other things that I could do a little bit more advanced work with, like, PHP aspects of WordPress. You know, never to the point where I was building anything beyond building on top of existing platforms like WordPress. But it was enough. And I was building websites and I was signing up local businesses in Massachusetts to build their website and improve their SEO or get their adwords running and buying domain.  I always had my business partner. It was very good that we were 11 years apart because it was very clear he was a CEO and I was a COO. It helped that he was one and I was two. Having your business partner and brother also be your mentor helped me tremendously through those times. I've got four younger brothers and I always tell them, I trust other people, but there's just something about your brother. You can think back to when you guys were fighting as kids in your living room all the way to all the good times as well. For whatever reason, you trust them. Absolutely.  that hasn't been the greatest run. Chet's been better than the Knicks, but I kind of miss the glory Knicks. I was there, but I was too young for those early 90s teams. Being five, six, seven, eight, I remember it, but I didn't really live it. So I was always a big sports fan. And then just like my two biggest passions are business and sports. And so the sports business side is that intersection. So for example, I loved the NFL draft growing up. Loved. I went all in and would learn all the college  of  We did it more for fun than anything. It was a small check for both of us and agencies don't have the biggest multiples, don't have the biggest upside, but we just were genuinely interested in the space and we thought it was fine and so we got involved. When I ended up leaving the media company looking for a new challenge, I originally left with no plan and that was important to me. I was always the kid that had a plan. I got in early to Boston University. VaynerMedia started before I even graduated from Boston University.  So I started kind of going into the portfolio and just catching up with companies. And after like another month or two, I realized that I probably had between my own personal investments in the fund that we did, there's probably like 80 companies that were active. And I found myself gravitating to the sports agency, even though objectively, it probably had the lowest upside. And that's all I really needed to know. And I thought that from having previous experience with a few athletes,  because at the end of the day, even though the clients are very different, there's a very big difference between like a Pepsi and a Leonard Williams, it's still client services. And so, yeah, that's what led to it. And so what was the differentiation, right? So I think many people don't even understand like how a sports agency works. So maybe just kind of go through like, Hey, here's the business of a sports agency. Here's how they make money. And then when you guys stepped in, kind of what was your pitch to, you know, really the athletes in terms of  of those providers have a very narrow point of view and level of expertise. And so what ends up happening is the relationship is transactional. So one of the biggest things that I saw that is the most common theme throughout the industry is that the agent and the player only have a relationship as long as that player is still providing a commission to the agent. So if a player goes pro, signs with an agent and falls flat on their face, you will find countless stories of the agent  So that exists. That also operates where it's like, hey, the marketing agent or the publicist is either on retainer or on a commission basis. If you're not driving revenue, you're not being serviced, just like an accountant or a lawyer, right? And so we came in and we looked at that and we said, okay, we have a background in marketing. We have an interest in this contract representation side, which basically requires negotiation experience and things of that nature. We're going to come in and combine the two. And that concept isn't novel.  background. And we're integrating that in a world where I feel as if athletes are craving that more and more every single day, every single month, every single year. And so that that stemmed from, you know, like I said, we had some exposure to athletes and we're, you know, was fortunate enough to, you know, share dinner conversations with guys like Draymond Green, Carmelo, Anthony, etc. entirely from the lens of investing, right? But talking to them and learning more about how they're moving and how their agent does and doesn't play a role  and various conversations talked about this idea of kind of an evolution. So whether it's an athlete, a creator, whoever, right? Basically it's like you do what you do. So if you're an athlete, you play a sport. If you're a creator, you create content. Then eventually it got to the point where maybe I don't want to take the advertising dollars of a sponsorship. Maybe I'll just take like half an equity, right? So I'll earn equity. Eventually that became, okay, maybe I should actually put money forward and invest. Now what we're starting to see, I think is more and more creators and athletes and people  an athlete manager or sports manager, and it's more of like a business confidant or a business partner to some degree. Is that fair to kind of categorize it? No, I think that is fair. And you know, something I touched upon in that prior topic, we just talked about that speaks to this is partnership. And the fact that when our clients are done playing, our job is not done. So, you know, we're a young agency, so we only have so many players that are done playing, you know, but, you know, guys,  And so, and the idea is that what we're trying to do and what we're trying to incorporate is that the best time to network as a pro athlete is when you're playing. The biggest mistake that former players have made, and I've had numerous conversations like that, is that they assumed that they could get to the business stuff when they were done. The problem is when they're done, depending on how their career went, they're just not as relevant as they once were. And Gary and I talked about it, like Gary,  you're gonna have a great career, but we can't predict that. You might shatter an ankle, something may happen, right? And so we're always encouraging our team to be active and network and increase their exposure to things while they play so that when they're done playing, they can really go full steam ahead and not have to start from scratch. How much of the kind of sophistication that you guys have on the business side ends up actually informing or changing the way that you negotiate contracts? So for example, for an athlete that says,  our business experience and things of that nature. But I will say that the collective bargaining agreement limits some things that we can and can't do. And that goes sport by sport. Got it. That's fair. And I don't know if you maybe you don't want to name names or something, but maybe give like an example of when you guys talk about what you do with the athletes outside of those player contracts. Like what's an example, whether it's through an endorsement deal, an investment, a business, just to give people a sense of like, hey, this is what  He was a former first-round pick. He signed a nice second contract. Years 8 and 9 were accelerating the idea. He had already started exposing himself to more. He got his MBA as part of a program that Miami offered. He had done some private investing. That made it self-selecting why we were such a good match for one another. I think him partnering with us was, yeah, maybe I'll do one final contract. Maybe I won't. Let me ramp up while I'm playing and still  was kind of settling in. She wanted to take the bull by the horns and build a personal brand around her cooking and her vegan lifestyle. And so we helped Charity launch her personal brand, designed her logo, built her website, got her up on Instagram, walked through content creation strategies, this and the other thing. And Charity has done extremely well. And we helped her get it started, but she really ran with it and saw the opportunity. And then Derek, when looking for endorsement,  his kids, he's not taking their $10,000 easy check for an Instagram post. So I took that to heart. And through a network that the Morgans had, through a network that we had, we circled beyond me as a perfect opportunity for both Derek and charity. And so we did a deal there. It was not a cash endorsement. It was an equity-based endorsement over a period of time. And I think where that really worked out well was I sat in the driver's seat with them negotiating the paperwork. And I think  it was beyond meat continue being successful. They eventually IPO'd and the Morgans did a lot better taking equity as opposed to a small cash deal there. I actually remember when I think he was with the Tennessee Titans, like at one point his wife by accident, I think had convinced like half the defense, right? They were basically eating, you know, vegan. And there was articles literally written about the fact that, you know, here's one of the biggest, baddest, meanest defenses in the NFL and nobody's eaten any meat.  Yeah, that's awesome. And then you're, you're understating the performance of Beyond Meat. It was absolutely exploded in value. It's one of the best IPOs of the year that year, right? Yeah, absolutely. Talk a little bit about the impact of COVID. Obviously, there's certain sports that have kind of been postponed or shut down in the middle. Obviously, we'll see kind of what happens with the NFL and their plans to get this going. But just how have you guys seen the athletes specifically or  that was different. But as far as material changes, the NFL really only started experiencing those material changes over the last few weeks once training camp got up and running. And so it's been different for all the obvious tangible reasons. And I think Hard Knocks, the HBO show that's following the Rams and the Chargers right now, does a really great job showing how different the NFL is right now with COVID in terms of protocols around COVID.  players that need the oppo the field and show what th on the flip side, I think players, it's benefited t because, you know, there's it's a next man up type bu there's a new pool of playe job. And so if you're an you know, it's really hard to take your spot. And s it's hurt the young and t helped in terms of secur  That's for sure. Yeah. I actually didn't know this. One of my brothers was telling me, uh, at one point there was this like clause where, uh, I think it was any player that opted out of the season could get $150,000 stipend and, you know, I maybe I'm off on the number or whatever, but, but the whole idea was basically, you know, if you're a rookie and normally you would go to training camp and maybe you're kind of on the cusp of will you make the team or get cut or, you know, whatever, uh, it actually may be more financially savvy to take the money. Right. And then kind of live to fight another day.  our client Geronimo Allison, a wide receiver for the Lions. If you look at the most common thread of the opt-out, so there's two aspects. One, one point on addresses and it's a misconception. It's not a stipend. It's actually a cash advance against your salary. And so for example, for my client Geronimo, he got 150,000, the number was right, but it's an advance on his contract. He signed a one-year contract, a little over a million dollars. So if he comes back and plays next year,  And then the next most common thread was young family. So many players opted out. My client included had just welcomed a new baby a month, two months, three months prior. And so that that comprised the lion's share of the players that opted out. And for the most part, maybe there was one or two guys that did it. But that concept of, hey, if you're a football player that probably won't make the team, it's pretty financially savvy to take the hundred fifty K. That barely happened. And I think the biggest reason for that is  I barely anybody took that route, maybe a few. Yeah. Well, everyone, nobody believes they're going to get cut either. Right. That's the whole other. You need that belief in that's, and you know, people, people like to throw around the term that this player stinks or sucks. Right. The end of the day, if you're wearing an NFL helmet, you are an unbelievable athlete and you are an unbelievable football player. You just might not be as good. You might just not be one of the 1500 best in the entire world, but if you're the 1600 best football player in the world,  There's not a single person that walks into the octagon that wouldn't send me straight to the hospital in less than a minute. Yeah. And so talk a little bit about, um, you guys have gotten into MMA, you've gotten into baseball and also, uh, gaming. Talk a little bit about, um, starting in NFL and football and then kind of expanding into those other sports and kind of why the desire to do that. And then how you guys have actually executed. Yeah. Um, always wanted to be a multi-sport agency. Um, I think that a strong  I probably get five to 10 emails a week from somebody in an industry saying, let's expand. We turned it all down for the first few years just because we wanted to make sure that we maintain a focus to ensure that we actually delivered on our words. We have this belief, the conversation you and I had a few years ago, we had a plan and a vision, but talk is cheap and we wanted to walk the walk. So we wanted the first few years to make sure that we got our offering right and got the flow right.  so that we could build around that marquee client and then build the business off the great work that we do there and the case studies and the reputation. And so for the three sports, we brought on Greg Genski. We merged with his company. Greg and his team have an amazing track record, decades of experience in baseball. Greg has negotiated $4 billion worth of baseball contracts. He's done record setting deals for guys like Cece Sibathia, Vernon Wells, Karl Crawford, all record setting,  for us to get into MMA rather quickly. And so check again, the partner box and then the gaming box, because it's a younger industry, you don't really have the most established partnership opportunities. But we were able to bring on a bug, one of the the four night champion. So we were able to bring on a gamer such esports athlete who literally is the best at what he does and for night being one of the biggest titles in our country. And so again,  And what's the same or different, just given kind of it's much more marketable, if you will, and kind of more of an international appeal. Yep. So I think the most analogous example for Kyle, AKA Booga, is a golfer or a tennis player, right? It's an individual sport. And so we're not actually negotiating anything from like a team perspective, so to speak, right? Meaning he does not play for the New York Giants. He does not play for the Texas  and brands direct. And so it's, you know, I think anybody that says an e-sports athlete isn't a real athlete, you know, I have empathy for that argument, but at the same token, in my eyes, it's just the modernization of sports. And I think there's a lot of things that people in our generation, except as sport, that maybe a hundred years ago, people weren't seeing as sport and humans evolve and things evolve. And, you know, at the end of the day, it requires a skill set and talent. It requires a lot of hard work and practice.  growing, you know, merging with other companies and agents and kind of, you can see like, okay, this is something that is very scalable across sports and also kind of vertically, you can go very deep in certain sports. Like how do you see this playing out or what's kind of the vision in your mind in terms of where you guys are now to 10 years? Just more of the same. Honestly, I think that, um, you know, probably the most interesting aspect of it is just understanding how it best fits within the entire  building these deep, deep partnerships with our clients so that they are, you know, it'd be amazing if we could have clients that are more successful in their post-career than their actual playing career. And so I think, again, you know, I can't have, nor does he want to, nor do I want him to have Alan Robinson retire right now. But I know the Zoom meetings and the things that we talked about this off season, he's going to be able to put into practice whenever he's done playing the game of football. And I think the more  For example, Derek has a fund focus on opportunity zones, and I'm an advisor to that fund. So I think that will naturally happen. And so more sports, more clients, and more post-career opportunities together. Yeah, one of the things from the outside, I think just your entire family, right? From your father, your brother, to yourself, is you guys always seem to kind of understand, okay, here's where the world is going, whether we're right or not. We've got an opinion and kind of position ourselves there.  is probably one of the most important things you actually did, right? No, that's a great question. And I love that. And it's so true. I think part of it, part of the answer is not having a fear of being perfect. I think what holds people back too often is they're too worried about the scoreboard or what it means or what if they're too early, what if they're wrong. You know, the way Gary and I always describe it, because we talk about this topic a lot, is we look at that type of  important to make the overall skill work great is removing your ego and knowing when to cut bait. Knowing when to, I'll give you a good example. Anybody that's following my brother right now knows he's obsessed with sports cards, right? And so right now there's a real time and a place where sports cards and collectibles and things like that are having a moment. And who knows how long that moment is? That's another skill. But we've, like you said, we've thrown ourselves into it. To my brother's credit,  sports cards, collectibles, et cetera, we missed. Our overhead was too high. The liquidity of obtaining the inventory was too illiquid. It just didn't work. And it didn't have a moment. People didn't suddenly become obsessed with that type of inventory. And so we missed, but we cut late quick. We never even really made it very public because we knew it was experimental and we wanted to see how much it worked or didn't  division. We actually started a co-working space. We were moving offices so fast. We were growing. We were conservative because we said to ourselves that if we outgrow this office before our lease is done, this is a champagne problem having this lease. On the flip side, if we overextend ourselves and get too big of a lease, and we don't do as well, we'll get crushed financially by over pursuing our lease. In New York, we moved five times in six  but was more like a traditional shared office space. And they had a line in their contract that said that no other company in that building could compete with them. They told the landlord, they shut us down. We took the L, right? But constantly willing to try, constantly willing to innovate. And like, I think the key thing that you said is like, we're never halfway in or out. Like we're passionate, we have conviction, we have confidence, and we maintain the same level of confidence no matter what the end result is.  time and energy and I'm intrigued, but what do I do? Both you and Gary have been great operators. And so for you, like, how have you grown from a management perspective from an operator standpoint? And, you know, I'm assuming that now you deal with different problems, but you're able to go from kind of zero to 50, right? And it's more muscle memory in this new industry rather than having to start all over again and kind of start from scratch. Yeah, I think that I love this question.  If you've been doing something for 20 years, you probably have more experience and you're probably better at what you do than somebody that has five years experience. I completely disagree. My mindset is, to your point, the things that I deal with operating, we're a small company, we're about 20 people, but things pop up and deal with different problems. My ability to work quickly and efficiently and do those things well come from the fact that I don't think I have 11 years of business experience. I truly feel like I have 80.  something that I face is that, you know, if I'm walking in and recruiting a young athlete, that's a question that comes up. You know, I've only been in the football, I've been only an athlete rep for like four years. I've been in business for 11, I'm 33. You know, how can I make somebody feel comfortable? How can I make the kid or their family feel comfortable that they're in the right hands with me? And part of it's like, I try to use like sports, like I love Carmel and Anthony, right? Carmel is a great, great player, Hall of Famer, right?  years that it is. My father once said to me, and it just was like seared in my brain. He said, uh, some people get 10 years of experience and some people get two years of experience five times. Right. Which was just like, you know, some people are, Hey, I've done this for 10 years, but really you only learn things for the first two years and then you just repeated it over and over again until you got to a 10 year market. You somehow think that that is 10 years of experience. It's really not right. And I think that's kind of your, your point here is exactly right. And it also feels like the skill  mentorship versus just kind of trial by fire. And what I mean by that is there's obviously a lot of people who have done the business that you're in today for a long time. So they've got some value just because they've literally survived, right? Let alone drive. And then some of it's just, you got to learn on your own, right? And you want to do things differently. So how do you kind of find that balance between taking stuff from the core skill set of people who've been around for a long time versus, Hey, we want to do something different. We think that's actually where the innovation and disruption comes from.