 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Keith here. Thanks so much for doing this, man. Thank you. Thank you. I'm looking forward to it. Absolutely. For those that don't know you, let's start with where were you born? Where did you grow up and how the hell did you end up in media organizations? Sure. So I was born in New York City, as I was telling you, whereas you know at this point,  and then ran Ars Technica and then went over to Bloomberg Media and became ultimately over time the global chief revenue officer and then joined Time. I had a brief stint in between, but Mark and Lynn Benioff, Mark being the CEO of Salesforce and his wife bought Time as a private asset. Their vision for it was that it's a challenging time for  year, right? You know, we had just moved into a new offices in Times Square, but I've been in the industry for, you know, close to 20 years now. So your background is not in journalism. You've always been on kind of the business side. And many people are more familiar with the journalism side, just because that's what they interact with. They understand, you know, generally that there's writers and that content is what they're consuming help people understand  it out. My first reaction was that's a business and I couldn't believe it. What I learned very quickly was there's a few different ways in which brands that produce content actually can monetize themselves. They can do it episodically, which is either marketing support, so a big marketer comes in and says they want to buy advertising and some sort that goes alongside the content.  We have an annuity stream with the print subscription of Time Magazine, but we also have an annuity stream with Time for Kids digitally, and we'll have another annuity stream with Time as we continue to evolve the digital infrastructure of the brand. That's really the two big ways in which a media company makes their revenue. And so obviously, there is this seismic shift or transition going on. Most businesses were, you know,  you've been inside the machine. And so how do you think of kind of that shift or that transition as it's been underway? Sure. So God, how old are you? Can I ask that question? Is that a fair question? Can I ask that? I feel like we're not a job interview, right? This is, this is a podcast. How, I mean, how old are you? Do you mind me asking? 32. Okay. So you're 32. Um, you have to say how old you are now. I'm 40. Right. And, and, uh, but I'm like Benjamin Button, so I like age backwards. So I'm like a 90 year old. Okay.  and then plus or minus five years, right? Most people have a relationship with the experience that they have, right? So you say TV and you actually just probably mean viewing video on a screen, right? Like you don't have a relationship with what the platform is. And instead what your relationship with media is, is it's viewing and listening and sharing and touching and reading, right?  than the way that media had historically been set up and structured. So it used to be that, like if you looked at Conde Nast, for instance, where I started my career, they were so dominant in magazines, right? Physical magazines. And there's moats in physical magazines, right? Like there's barriers to entry as it relates to printing and distribution and securing of these paper costs. But what's fascinating about the digital revolution is  With the exception of it becomes extraordinarily paralyzing. Right. And so then all of a sudden what happens is in the world of infinite choice, the advantage comes to the content creators that have established trust with their consumers. Right. So like you, for instance, have a tremendous amount of trust with your, your fan base. Like I saw that yesterday when you tweeted out to them, what should we be talking about? Right. Like every time you and I interact with you,  that they're gonna get a certain type of experience. And that's not just for time, it's for any brand. And so I think that what happens is that in a world of infinite choice, it actually is a very paralyzing, it's like euphemism, it seems so amazing, but it's actually a very paralyzing existence. And what has to happen is brands exist to sort of curate and reduce and create filters. And so in that world, obviously time is a great example where  new to the user, but new for time as a business? So it's really interesting that you asked that question. And I appreciate, you know, one of the biggest challenges I think that I face at Time is the evolution from Time magazine to Time, right? And the reason is that, and it's not to dismiss the magazine, the magazine's a platform within the overarching brand, but the reason is that for 97 years, essentially the brand  to look at where we could develop. In the first year, what I've really focused on with the team has been building infrastructure and productizing existing areas where we know things work well with our audience. So to give you an idea, when you think about the overarching ecosystem of time, it reaches about 100 million people a month, right? Time magazine only reaches 1.6 million people.  but it's only existed as a classroom product. And that classroom product was print only. And when the pandemic occurred, what we looked at was, oh my God, there are parents that are gonna be at home. And for the first time ever, they're gonna have to homeschool their kids and they need a product that they can trust as it relates to age appropriate sort of news curation. And so we digitized time for kids on March 23rd, right?  right, since March 23rd. And what we did was, and the way that we really thought about some of our evolution during the pandemic, which sped up every plan that we had for this evolution of this. But what we did was we said, what are the real areas that people are suffering or need help in? Like where can we really help people with? And we found that it was parents and teachers and children. So we looked at time for kids. It was  partnered with Red Ventures to launch Next Advisor as it relates to personal finance. And so when you think about all the launches that we've done in the past 90 days to 100 days that I alluded to in my note, they were all based on looking at huge societal trends and then leaning into that. And that was where we looked at our communications. Now, along that way, we launched other things too at varying degrees of success. We saw that when we did Time For Giving, theoretically,  that we already have, or we can create something new. What exactly is it? Who are we going to target? And then it's actually getting it out from a distribution standpoint. Many people who see this, they say, oh, of course time can do this, right? They've got tens of millions of people who follow them on social media. They've got the time brand. Like this is a walk in the park for them. Obviously, in past conversations with you, I know that that might not necessarily be true. And so talk a little bit about how you think of like the product creation,  businesses through the lens of a challenger sort of lens. Is that a correct statement? And I think that one of the advantages Time has as a brand is it is a very well-known brand. It's a very famous brand. I've yet to come across somebody who doesn't know the brand, but everyone always says Time Magazine. And slowly people are beginning to see other things, other areas  to do was be as scrappy as possible. We didn't launch time for kids after six months of market research. We just felt in our gut that this was the right thing to do. It was like, we weren't going to miss this opportunity. We found a partner that was willing to distribute quickly. We promoted quickly.  I like that. I mean, I, you have to remember, like you asked me where I was, where I grew up. Like I'm an erotic Jewish male, you know, who grew up in New York city believing that the world was always going to end. Like I was made for this moment in time, right? Like, but like I looked at it and, and, you know, we were very fortunate that we had great owners. We have great owners that allow us to think long. And as we started to see success in time for kids,  plan until they get punched in the mouth. And it was like we had these gigantic plans set forth and of how we were going to evolve the time brand. And Q2 came about and it was like a huge wake up call. And it was like, what are we going to focus on? And we had to really go straight down to core sort of roll up your sleeves, brute tactics. And so everything was launched on minimum viable products. Everything was  and then there are other things that we did that just failed. And then what you have to just do is you have to just say, okay, what are we gonna stop doing and forget it? And like, we tried it, great, move on. And I think part of the lesson here for people is like having a brand can sure, it can help in some cases, but it doesn't absolve you of all the challenges of building a business, right? Now, you know, at the end of the day, we had huge successes for the last three years.  successful. What the magic is about the brand is that we have established trust that people are willing to at least give it a shot or look at it. Right. And that's where, you know, we have to lean into and that's sort of our advantage in this moment in time. Yeah. I think there's a lot of people who are in the startup kind of technology world and they generally write off the incumbents in any industry, you know, media or otherwise. And they just say, look, they're so out of tune.  from your vantage point, how you evaluate these trends and then the pros and cons as you see it. Sure. If I can, I'd love to step back and just very early in my career, I was very extreme in my viewpoint of things. I always thought it was either black or white, left or right. I realized things aren't that extreme. David Pogue back in 2010, 40 left in the year  And you look at this and like, you know, at the end of the day, you could give sure a lot of counter sort of examples of the areas where things did kill things, right? Color TV definitively killed black and white TV. The camera in your phone definitively killed point and shoot cameras, but it didn't kill DSLRs, right? Like certain things evolved out. And so I think that the reason I bring that up is that there is value to incumbent friends regardless of who you are.  was originally primarily a print business and it's a technology brand. And we diversified it into becoming more of a digital brand than a print brand. And we really built it up from the 18th smallest brand that come in as to the fourth largest brand made back every dollar and was the first brand to cross that chasm of 50% or more revenue being digital. And part of it to me was just educating myself  and I said, I know exactly we're going to navigate this moment. We're just going to operate on the simple question of, is this a good deal for us? And we're going to shift the way that sellers are compensated so that way they're not protecting a CPM, but they're working in conjunction with what clients needs were. And also, you know, how they can work within the marketplace with maximum fluidity in every place I've ever gone. The first thing that I've done is shifted  it doesn't make a difference. And most incumbents don't want to change the way in which they're accounting and doing their systems and thinking that manually about human behavior, right? And success. Because the second you shift the way a seller goes into the marketplace and represents your brands to represent the interests of the marketplace, then you get a better outcome than the seller representing the interests of the brand itself. And you could work with the biggest issue at hand, which is the innovator's dilemma and win with speed.  50% of your time is on calls trying to raise money. I don't spend 50% of my time raising any money. I spend 100% of my time thinking about how to make time a better brand. That is discounted tremendously because people can't see brands being able to do stuff like that because they think it. Then there's also the allure of the new. People just love the new. I bring all this together because I'm not defending  that view because it's not as exciting. It's actually quite boring. Yeah. What do you think are the advantages of these creators and these platforms that are the up and comers? So most of them will die, but some will thrive. The ones that do end up thriving, what do you, not jealous of in terms of the advantages they have that you might not, but more so just you recognize that here is an area where they are better than us or have a structural advantage that you don't.  I've been an entrepreneur my entire life that works within big companies. When I was in high school, I had a computer consulting company. I like the idea of controlling my own fate and destiny. I think that what a lot of these content creators all of a sudden realizes is unbridled by a larger mechanism. They could be more of themselves and they could find an audience where they  I was just petting my dog before I came in here. So let's call it like a dog lovers United or whatever, right? Nobody would care like that, that I was doing all of these new innovations. And so part of my brand gives me permissions to try certain things easier. And then part of the reason that the brand is successful is because of the individuals that are there. When you're a creator, you could try whatever you want. You have no sort of limitations,  people to identify or explore them. And so, I mean, does that answer your question or I feel like you're probably there. I apologize. No, no, I think that's great. And I guess as part of that, you know, there's an argument to be made of kind of the unbundling of media organizations, but there's also an argument to be made that many platforms are simply just rebundling all over again, right? It's kind of like you're almost unbundling under the current brands and then  again, this paradox of choice, right? And you unbundle, and bundle, and bundle. And then the consumer has infinite choice. And ultimately, the consumer just says, God, I just want it easy, right? And so that's why the rebundling occurs. And I do think that what happens in the unbundling is the crap gets dismissed, right? It gets sort of pushed aside. And I do think that one of the things that's really  You didn't know what you were going to read on the next page. You didn't know what was going to be put together. And like the editor's jobs were to curate like a selection of ideas for you. And some of them landed and some of them you didn't agree with. Now where everything can be so personalized, what you actually get is custom tailored information that almost puts you in your own little unique filter bubble and divides people further from having any sort of common truths.  There's a really interesting, I would say fallacy that happens with transitions most of the time, which is as these transitions take place, most people think that the old manners in which people consume or pay for content or engage with a brand can be applied to the new technologies, right? So like if you take the Alexa or your iPhone,  world. And so they think about it through the lens of marketer support or subscriptions. And if you think about what I was saying in the beginning is it's either it does fall in the camp of either episodic or annuity, right? But it doesn't fall into marketer support or subscriptions. Like marketer support subscriptions are sort of subsets of either episodic, which is what marketer support would be, and subscription would be an annuity. And here's like a real example. Like, look at  the ships to streaming, the streaming wars are on, what's happening here. And that's very real, right? Like I've never owned a landline since graduating from college. I assume you don't have a landline with Polina in your house, right? You just have two cell phones. And I'm willing to bet that my six year old daughter doesn't have a cable subscription when she graduates from college and gets her first apartment. These are generational shifts, right? Where they go.  But today, we have the ability to create content for the networks, take airtime from the networks, and split ad revenues with the networks. And that's a business model that never existed before, where it's like all of a sudden, I can look at a television network and say, I'm going to take my brand and create content for your network, so I'll fill an hour of your airtime. I've now saved you the content cost per year.  on the 22nd of September at 10 p.m. following Dancing with the Stars. Now that's a business model that a year ago could not exist, but the pandemic opened it up. And so I think that what people should always do as they look at any business or as they look at evolving a business is always ask why. Why can't we do this? Why are we doing this? And if you can't get a rational answer, or if your answer is just because that's how we've always done it, then that's the issue that's going on.  just going to stream it on the internet. So that's kind of one option. The second is on television. And so is it a attraction because of the audience size? Is it an attraction because of the partner? Like why go to television versus digital? I think it's a prime example of these situations. So we do a lot of digital distribution and we have a lot of success. You know, we do the Time Under Talks with who launched in Q2, not as a virtual event, as a television show. We do it every week and every week, hundreds of thousands  of that. I think that what a lot of people tend to say when they look at sort of evolution is, is, um, forget, forget targeting this person. Let's target this audience. Like this is useless or this was the old, let's go to the new. And I'm simply saying like, you can't discount anything. Like half of the time, 100 this year is going to be digitized, right? And it's going to be streamed over on site and over Twitter and through those feeds. And a portion of it is going to be broadcast, right? And I don't think  on the year. But he made a comment to us, to Maya Drazen, who's now with me at Time, she's amazing, but she made a comment about he didn't come and speak to the Wired Business Conference for the 400 people that were in the room, right? Like there were great 400 people that we curated. He spoke at the Wired Business Conference for the distribution that the Wired brand gave him to the entire ecosystem that was outside of the room. And I think that  that reaches digitally. Speaking of digitally, time is already going through this transition. You have drastically grown the digital revenue. Is there a world where it is 100% digital, right? And kind of you do all the things that you do today, just bigger batter, there's more revenue channels, but the legacy stuff kind of just erodes away, not because you guys want it to, but just that the trends forced that to happen?  and in Q2, and we grew print revenue 6% against the projections that we had. So like in the most challenging quarter, we found that there still was a large consumer demand for print. And what I would say is this, think about courses for a second. I bet you never thought you'd talk about courses on those podcasts, right? But like back prior to trains or cars,  Right. You can see that we're coming and the affluence, right, collectors. And I think that print is going to fall along that same spectrum. Like, I don't think in my lifetime or in your lifetime print is going to disappear. But I do think that the value proposition that it provides is going to get continuously defined by the audience that it wants. And then all print products are going to have to choose.  is to see the ongoing conversation of the internet, not to compete with it. And then ultimately, if you look and you'll see very subtle cues with it, we're slowly like we increase the paper stock, make it a slightly better product. And you think about it from that perspective. And so I think again that the people who think that, oh, print is dead, well, yes, in the marketing sense, print is seeing the fore drop very quickly. There's still business there.  In the challenger case, though, for many creators, they are the CEO, they are the head of editorial, they are the operations person, the accountant, kind of everything. And so without speaking to the editorial sex thing, that's kind of very case dependent. How would you, if you're in their shoes, think about building a business, right? As a challenger in terms of where are the things to think about? Where are the places to spend time?  at it and business if the business side understands the importance of that sort of mandate, which is if you violate trust, and in this world where there's cancel culture and where anything can sort of, you can make a mistake and it can be over very quickly. If you violate trust, you're dead, right? And in that sort of equation, my advice is  for one of their series that outperformed every editorial piece on Wired for the whole month. And it was an ad that we had built together then as a custom continent, query stated advertisement, probably 50 different ways. And the reason is, is this, in analog world, edit exists in one bucket and advertising exists in another bucket. When it's digitized,  a content provider is because that content provider has trust already in their trust. Plus the marketers trust creates a really good association altogether to ultimately move product. My only advice would be never, ever, ever, ever, ever violate trust. If you don't believe in the product, don't hack the product. If you think the product is amazing, then stand by the product. Um, don't leave the product into something unnecessary, right?  Yeah, so wait, before I leave, I have a question for you. All right, you get it. Well, hold on. I asked the same two questions to everybody, and then you get to ask me one at the end. Oh, why did you get two? I get one. Is that you negotiate with Paulina? I'm going to send her an email. No, no, normally it's the opposite. Okay. Usually she gets 12, I get zero. Okay, awesome. Okay, so what are the two questions? I should go back to prep for this, because I have no idea what these questions are going to be. What are the questions?  called A Force for Change by John Kotter, who's a Harvard Business School professor who, he wrote the book in 1988, and it's the difference between managers and leaders. It's a really interesting book. Most people don't distinguish between the two. And after I finished there, I wrote him a note and I said, I loved this book. I think I was the first person since 1988 that wrote him this note, right? And he wrote me a really nice note back and I have lunch with him. And I asked him the same question  tanks throughout the world from schools, from educational institutes saying that South Africa was going to go into war and famine and that there's going to be chaos and that it was the end of South Africa. And you know what happened? I said, what? It was none of it. I go and I look at him and he goes, you know why? And I go, why? He goes, great leadership. Picture this. You're in jail for 35 years. You get out and now you're in charge of the people who put you in jail and you don't actually take, you don't actually go after them.  center to believe that the universe is as big as it possibly is and that we're the only possible living entity. Now, I don't believe that aliens are green figures with big eyes or whatever, but I can't possibly rationally believe that in this entire universe, and I don't know if you've gone to the planetarium at the Natural History Museum, but it's pretty big when you go into it and you hear Neil deGrasse Tyson talk.  The conqueror or the explorer usually ends up being the more successful, at least in human history.