 All right, guys, bang bang. I'm really, really excited to have Chris here today. So thanks so much for doing this, sir. Thank you so much for having me. Paul, I'm excited to be here. Absolutely. I have been drinking athletic greens now for a while. And as people who listen to the podcast know, I almost never, ever talk about anything that I put in my body other than the Domino's every Saturday.  I'll go with Kiwi. And it's stuck particularly in the North American environment. I'm from New Zealand. My parents are world travelers. I had seven years in Japan growing up. I'd been to 43, 44 countries by the time I was 12, 13, traveled the world. But had most of my adolescent years growing up in New Zealand and went, had an obsession with being Bruce Lee sport. All those typical fun things you do when you're a teenager and ended up going to Auckland University and studying for a Bachelor of Science in Sport and Exercise.  I was up to date on the health and fitness piece and ended up really sick. I was a pretty competitive rugby player, played sport to a reasonable level. I was no great athlete by any means you far exceeded me man if you were playing college football, but you get the piece was just living what I thought was the correct manner and applying sort of a 90, 10% rule to how I was living, which was a 90% do everything right. And in theory, the other 10% won't matter. And I got really sick. I was continually sick my whole life growing up. I was having three or four doses of antibiotics.  people running tens of thousands of dollars a test on every blood test, stool test, saliva test that you can imagine. That was about 2008. And on the outside of that, ended up on a customized by blood chemistry, $100 a sort of supplement regime. And it turned out that I just wasn't absorbing nutrients properly. And it does really challenge a lot of my assumptions around what is good health? How should we be eating? How should we be absorbing nutrients? What does it even look like?  that I originally wanted for myself. So it's been an interesting journey. For sure. And I guess part of this is I'm fascinated by people who travel a lot. Right. And so when you were young, you kind of are in this weird situation where your parents dictate where you go, right? What you eat, where you go, everything about your life is these people's responsibility. Yours took you around the world, right? For all intents and purposes in terms of a lot of travel. Talk a little bit about  be grateful to the phenomenal nuclear family I have and their desire to expose us to different experiences. Luckily for me, my dad ended up getting an opportunity to go first study and then work in Japan. So we had this experience living in a completely foreign culture at a time when there still weren't that many foreigners there. If you went to the boonies, you sort of pointed at and stared at and laughed at. I was this random blonde head kid back then. And you just get an idea that we are part of a global citizen  experiences with cultures and places like Kenya and on some parts of like Cairo in the Middle East. It was it was really amazing and it does open your eyes to the commonalities and it also made us really good. All of us are making friends like everyone in my family is amazing at making friends. We're just interested to see where the commonalities instantly and my mother is probably the world's best report builder and I can't I can't say enough the importance for young people to be exposed to foreign cultures and a  I was walking back a hundred years in the course of a hundred meters. But I stopped on the side of the road and asked two young girls for directions. And my girlfriend at the time sort of said to them, how do we get from here to there? And they told us and they looked at each other and they just said, we'll show you. So these two girls jumped in the back of our car and we're driving towards this. I think we're going to a train station and they're like, where are you staying? We don't have a place like you have to come to our house. So they'd gone out and bought one breeder. We didn't know it was to feed the whole family. Demander that we come to their house and it was kind of on the way to visit.  meal to be cut up. Like a loaf of bread with Nutella. I didn't know I was allergic to wheat then I smashed the Nutella. And then I started realizing these guys have literally given us everything that they were tending to eat tonight without a thought, without knowing us. And it would really touch me, man. And there's this lovely old guy living there and just had this amazing cultural experience and just realized the hospitality of these people is just like nothing else. So the next morning, woke up, took all these amazing photos on  That's an awesome story. It's also this thing I think of just, it's really cool to see humans who don't really speak the same language, come from different cultures, just genuinely want to help each other. Right. And I think that's part of the story. Yeah. Well, I don't know about yourself, man, when you've gone traveling and you've done a bit, have you had some of those experiences as well? Yeah, that's pretty crazy. All right. Let's get into athletic green.  my body, sleeping, drinking water, kind of all the like really, really basic stuff. Uh, and I, the way I tell the story now is like just sleeping alone, right? Just sleeping eight hours a night, completely changed everything. Just drinking enough water, right? Just cutting out some of the garbage, like each one of these like very small, um, changes had a massive impact. And so maybe talk a little bit. I've heard you say before, like the importance of the food specifically, right? And kind of how that's the,  habits have led to a compounding effect. I have a couple of frameworks that I look at health and wellness. There's two different pieces really. One, if you consider an old-fashioned green to red needle meter where you have dark green on one side and it certainly gets lighter green, yellow, then to bright red on the other side. You can put on the dark green side, youth and lack of insults and then amount of time that you've been doing all the other things correctly that are in line with the way  A lot of people don't truly realize the impact of cumulative insults where we're doing things that aren't quite right and the cumulative impact of repetitive habits, relatively small things, but the few things that ultimately move that needle are done continuously. And you have everything from sleep, stress, light exposure, vitamin D, movement, outdoor activity, how much you socialize, your sense of community,  health piece and you have your micronutrients lined up in such way that you're absorbing or putting into your mouth what you kind of need to function properly and then you have the inflammatory pieces which is where you're either not eating or eating sufficient things that lead to a healthy inflammatory environment. So for those kind of things in mind you then say okay how does what you eat really impact and you might say well if you're continually screwing with your your blood sugar and you're eating things that tear up your gut  or isolatedly the various micronutrients, the vitamins and minerals, and that just kind of smashing and hodgepodge is fine, is being thoroughly thrown out. And I think the understanding is much more around, look, you need to kind of reduce the insults you make here while maximizing your body's ability to work properly for an extended period of time. And where athletic greens comes in, and sort of this idea of whole food based nutrition comes in is one, without screwing the pooch  any one of those three, and I think most people, particularly if they have those other different sort of buckets misaligned, will be way off in a modern lifestyle and nearly all of those three. So there's this principle of, it's a long-term principle of synergy and the understanding of, I think a guy called Bruce Ames has a theory on triage, which is if you're short of certain things or some parts of your body aren't working correctly, you are prone to strip and pull from other areas to ensure your body's  Holy Grail food is first. You got to get everything lined up. And then what you've learned is that you actually need to line up all these other buckets at the same time. So I'm just very, very quick to point out food is first on your lifestyle pieces. There's no magic silver bullet. And with that underway, um, you can look to move from thrive, sort of surviving to thriving to really optimizing whatever your outcome is. It makes sense, man. It makes a ton of sense. And I think part of what, um, you know, it is always so funny  is how do I actually attack the social health or mental health stuff? How do I attack the nutrition side? How do I track, attack the exercise side, the sleep? Like there's all of these different components and where I think the world is going, and you guys are obviously a leading example of this, is helping people do this stuff easier, right? So there's a lot of people who sat down and spent hours and hours and hours and hours  that people don't even have to think about it, right? It's just, we know we're delivering it. So maybe talk a little bit, not so much about like the formula, but this idea of building a product that regardless of what's in it, you can actually make it usable for people and kind of ensure that it's not a, okay, I'll try it one time and then I give up on it because it's just too difficult or too much friction in my life. So it's a good, well, it's a good question, man. I can talk to that. There's a couple of pieces there as well. So talk about your buddy who probably  the subsequent sitting down all day, not good. The staring at the screen until late at night, not good. And I think that it's one of the elements, I think that it's important to understand that getting your health and your health span or your performance kind of ducks in a row requires both a basic willingness to take ownership of the outcome and then the daily habits that actually make a difference. And it's not really a case of  on solving corporate problems. And if you walk into a Whole Foods and look at a shelf in the so-called supplement section, it's like 400 things and you have no idea what you should probably be taking unless someone's told you to go in or maybe a friend of yours said, hey, go and take this stuff. And Whole Foods, the world's come a long way in the 10 years since we've been in business in terms of getting better and better quality nutrients more readily available in the supplement world. I mean, it was serious, utter rubbish for a long time.  This principle of nutrient density is important. It does as many good things for me as possible in one go such that if I wasn't going to do anything else, supplemental to my food and just take one thing, it would be this. And that's what we built. And that's why, I mean, we have different groups of people who love us and some of the high performance or the athletic population, some of the go forward achievers who frequently are essentialists, but kind of want the best. And the other is the health or health spending.  daily habits literally drive success and everything and health and nutrition is not an exception. Yeah. Well, one of the really interesting parts of health and nutrition in general to me is it seems like there's fads, right? They come, they go. Many times their ideas that are not new, they've just been repackaged under a new name with some new leader who's kind of pushing that thought process. But as we know with let's say diets, for example,  they either work or don't work and why they attract people and kind of capture the attention and really kind of permeate through society as you know, whether it's keto or something else. Yeah, so I think if you look at any diet du jour, there are commonalities and typically to some degree, there's a short term result that can be felt or achieved if someone adopts it so they get that early dopamine hit.  you know, man, this is scary. And people will send me those all the time and say, could you debunk or back this up? But I think it's that desire to be on top of the next best thing combined with the people who typically popularize not all of those eating formats are trying to monetize or build a sort of a following around what they're doing. I think that's the real catch, particularly when one group or other begins to polarize politically against one of the others, which is just absolutely nuts. If you actually look at  no idea and it's quite frustrating in a way. Some of these items get politicized and people start going at each other's throats when it makes no sense. But one thing on your point about people deciding I'm going to go to wedding or I'm going to go spring break. I think they take ownership of their health and particularly as it represents their own physical appearance in a way that they may not otherwise. But what they do in that short period isn't effectively sustainable for them. So I think embracing this principle  you're lining up those different buckets. And just like you're saying, the sleepy eight hours, the drinking enough water, the consistent bed, just ownership around eating a bit more cleanly, still have your beloved dominoes, but maybe it's not dinner every day. And maybe it's just on the weekends. These little things are done consistently add up. I mean, no one gets to 70 and dies because of what they did when they were 69. It's the cumulative insults that are just part of the continually man. So I think  That means owning some of these different pieces as opposed to just saying that maybe they're important, actually taking steps around ownership of the different pieces. So I applaud you, man, for moving from the Biernberger-only nutrition piece to like focus, I mean, sleep's the big daddy man as well. Yeah, it feels like there's also this desire to go from, if you use that spectrum or that kind of,  of athletic greens and kind of transform over time, how exactly do you see the most successful people? Like the people who really do make kind of long-term sustainable change and go from really bad to really good, what do they do? Like what can people do at home in terms of affecting that change? It's a good question. Typically it comes down to which three key groups of where someone more aligns in that effort.  simple, they want to understand it. They typically are the crowd that are looking for the hack or the secret source that allows them to continue to be maniacs in their life, but do as little as possible. And I think as they take steps towards a healthier outcome in one area, they tend to consistently take one or other or more steps around other areas. And one of the coolest things I've seen is groups like that sort of hard-charge  taking the deposits out of the bank account just way too much. And then the last group, the health group, typically these folks, they could be anywhere in this journey from, I just want to not feel sad every time I walk past a mirror, which is something like I was a personal trainer for a while, this is brutal, but it's also amazing when you get someone to look in the mirror and go, I'm really happy with how I look in the mirror. It's one of the biggest confidence turnaround  really struggling with body fat, massively inflamed, don't move enough, is do something that makes you feel in control and empowered, drink water, go for a walk and try to get an hour's more sleep. And I'd just start with those three things. And if we're part of that, great. But I always tell them, if you have the choice for budgetary reasons or whatever other reason, then focus on food first, like get the whole food in first. Got it. So that middle bucket, the kind of, you know,  on trying to measure like the really finite stuff when people are still missing kind of the big picture stuff. Like how do you look at those as ways to augment change for somebody? I think to the degree that it gives, if you're going to do any of the quantified self pieces, I think ultimately it needs to empower you and people can go down a rabbit hole pretty quickly. And it should also give you information that you probably, you may have understood it to some degree without it, but it does give you action  I would love them to be tracking their sleep, not because I think that they needed to track the sleep, but the degree of ownership and responsibility that they will take when they start tracking their sleep, it'll be slapping them right in the face that, hey man, you sit at that screen, you crushed two glass of red wine at 10 p.m., looked at the screen till 11 and woke up at 5.30 or six, you compare that to the day  go way down the rabbit hole, man. And they're always looking for the little, the little, the different hack, the different this, the different that. But I think the key around this piece is taking ownership, making some things non-negotiable. And even for me, I am definitely in that category as well. And just over the last three or four years, I've just made the sleep piece non-negotiable. So obviously if you're flying or doing something else, you try not to get on the red eyes, if you have to, so be it. But just start to build in this  rewarding yourself to some weird thing. Obviously every Saturday, I'm eating Domino's, which is kind of like literally I look forward to Saturdays for that specific reason. But talk about in general, you know, is this a, you gotta do the core things, right? 50% of the time, 75% of the time, 100% of the time, like how important is it to be perfect all the time versus, you know, kind of pre-planned diversions from the plan as long as you get back onto it?  might be a few of these pieces that are getting crushed, that are pulling down the rest of the ship, so to speak. And I think when you start to consider that red or green, that needle marker, as we discussed earlier, if you are consistently getting crushed in any one of those areas, you need to go really clean and beautifully in some of the other areas. So to answer your question about what's it like to have this thing to look forward in the cheat meals, I'm quite pro the cheat meal. I'm not pro when it gets  I'm really allergic to wheat, it turns out. So I have to always search the world for the best gluten-free pizza, but it used to be a pizza. My Saturday, it was both carb-free feed, typically, unless I was training really hard, in which case my carb bolus during the week was much higher, but typically, I tried to combine a so-called cheat day with a carb-free feed, because I was going pretty low carbohydrate the rest of the week, and I tended to feel miserable for days and days afterward, but my two nemesis foods were the pizza,  this is that 90-10 principle that I mentioned. So if all your various buckets are kind of more or less in the green, occasionally going into the red is no real big deal at all. I'd almost suggest that you do so much in the green so often that you don't even worry about planning the cheat meal. Like when it happens, it happens. You don't worry. You just enjoy it and just get straight back on the wagon. That would be a much healthier adoption of this piece. But take for me,  things are in green and when you're stepping across and you're having things that aren't necessarily like in green in that bucket at that moment, it's not real drama at all. For someone who can tolerate it, man, that might mean you toast the total the pizza or whatever and there could be a social dynamic tied to that, that net is so much more positive than the little bit of insult you may do for you with the pizza, whereas I would do a lot to make it completely worthwhile. I think that social piece is, and maybe it's something that happens when you go outside, the drinking may  One of the areas I'm really interested in is obviously with the COVID-19 stuff. There's tons of talk about drugs and vaccines and kind of all this stuff that may or may not happen. And I'm not a scientist. I kind of just say, look, we'll see what the scientists come up with. But there are things that it appears that people can do to boost their immune system in general, right? So not necessarily saying, hey, we're going to prevent the spread of a virus because I boosted my immune system, but just general good health  kicking in as we had five or six generations back to back. And rather than pat ourselves on the back and go, great job, we just realized it's people taking more ownership of their health. And one of those pieces obviously is the immunity piece. And hopefully, you know, there's a silver lining in some of the COVID stuff that people taking, there's more awareness about metabolic health and the daily inputs and habits and things that ultimately drive a healthy outcome. But from an immunity piece,  something like our product, you don't want to promote it too much, but it does a great job of covering those bases. And then the vitamin D piece, and we provide a vitamin D, but I much like this oral, there's benefits to oral vitamin D, but I much prefer folks at this time of year, there's no excuse unless you just locked in an office and can't get out to get your vitamin D from sun exposure. And that's not saying you go out and turn yourself into a red lobster, right? Or like the French call the English roast beef.  I would much, much rather from all the different health elements of being outdoors, getting a light in your eyes, the photosensitivity, the immune boosting benefits are massive. And that like that bucket, just put that one solidly in the green, particularly in the middle of summer, man, there's no real reason why you shouldn't go and do that. Yeah, makes a lot of sense. Let's talk a little bit about when people take athletic greens, what exactly are they putting in their body?  with and in the forms that your body, things that will help you absorb it. So that's everything from we have probiotics, we have digestive enzymes, we have prebiotics, we have the various cofactors and other things that are present in food that your body recognizes inbound vitamins, minerals as food and sucks them over. So that's the in the, in the tube and then absorbed piece. And then we have gentle touches that sort of have secondary effects on improving bodily function.  It's what you absorb that really matters. It's how you use it and it's healthy cells is the outcome. And that is something that consistently just a habit piece against day in day out consistent, give your body a caress, put a deposit in instead of withdrawal into this spectacular machine that is your body and just do it consistently. So that, that is kind of how it works, man. It's, it's a, it's a plant based product, but it's just got so much nutrition in one place that it sort of acts as a  to what it is today.  But it was uniquely designed ultimately to be sold around a subscription direct to consumer model and literally having run out of money and sleeping on couches and parting ways with my then investor and having a pretty challenging time emotionally, just dealing with feeling sorry for myself that your life is kind of crap. I went all in on this focus on, look, when do I have the biggest impact in the universe?  and stick. So it would be really, really hard to require the right customer. It's very hard to do so profitably at the best of times, but hard for us because we don't really have the margins. But when the right person comes, they tend to stay with us for a long time and they trust us to continue to keep up to date on the science and everything else to evolve this. If you're going to take one thing, make it this thing. And we're on the 53rd edition of this product, which is about to come out.  they stick and that allows us to make a business work that wouldn't have worked under any other condition because of the margins. So I look at what some of these folks are doing with various D2D companies where they're trying to just throw money into acquisition and feel like they can sort of buy themselves a weight of a brand without ultimately solving problems for customers that customers want to be solved. And I think the investment world is waking up to maybe this wasn't such a good idea to spend a dollar and get