 All right, guys. Bang, bang. Jeff is back for round two. This time, we don't get to do it in person. Thanks so much for doing this, man. My pleasure. Good to be back. Absolutely. For those that didn't watch the first time you were on, maybe give us a quick 30 seconds on your background and a little bit on Bedrock and what you guys are doing from a venture standpoint. Sure.  stuff as well. Before starting bedrock, I've been a partner at Founders Fund for a number of years where I led early investments in companies, including Lyft, Wish, New Bank, Canva, and a number of others that have ended up being really successful. My passion in life is finding these counter narrative companies, these companies that are somehow overlooked or underestimated by folks that determine what the popular narratives are and backing those  a lot about recently is this idea that all tech is good or all tech can kind of build a better world. Talk a little bit about why you put that in the category of kind of being a narrative violation and what the implications of that are. So actually did not say that all tech is good. So what I said is that the popular narrative. So the thing with narrative violations is they exist on this time scale. And so basically, there's a moment that these narratives can go from being very popular  leading up to probably all the way to sort of 2010, 2011, Google is sort of categorically perceived as the don't be evil, very good company. You had sort of the myth of Steve Jobs. And so there was this sense in which Silicon Valley technology was like, they were the good people in business. That was sort of the good hearted, well-meaning, saving the world way to be in business was to do something in technology in Silicon Valley. And that became the narrative on Silicon Valley.  The problem for Silicon Valley though, is instead of sort of all along being like, actually things are more nuanced. Like, Silicon Valley is not definitionally gonna save the world. Like tech could be good or bad, just like any other business. Silicon Valley writ large, bought into this, yeah, we are the way to make the world a better place. And it was complicit with the narrative gatekeepers on the propagation of this narrative of  practice? Well, the easiest way to do it is to be what I call digitally disengaged. The easiest way to do it actually to be just not engaged digitally. Obviously, the ship has sailed for you, Paul. The ship sailed to a much lesser extent for me or your much bigger digital brand than I am. But certainly the obvious way to do this is simply not  well is to certainly win in a fund manager context. And even in an entrepreneurial context, there are a lot of phenomenal entrepreneurs. There are a lot of extraordinarily successful fund managers that just don't have a public profile that just issue all press that don't are not on Twitter and on social media. Like you, if no one would know who they are and they do, they do phenomenally well. I think there's a lot to recommend that in a world where these narratives are, are, are forming so quickly  building relationships, getting access to opportunities. Probably the same is true for you. And so there are a lot of benefits to it, but then there's always this way in which you're exposed to the mob in all of these ways. And I think that the NAMMA just intensifies more and more going forward. For sure. And part of this is you said that Warren Buffett, we have more to learn about the narrative than  that'll last for decades. So this two-dumb to fail strategy with enough capital to go get these really meaningful positions or own these businesses over many decades. That to me is sort of a two-dumb to fail strategy. So credit to him for pioneering it. But then I think more impressive is A, how he popularized and became synonymous with that strategy. Frankly, it was a pretty obvious investment strategy that a lot of folks pursue at subscale.  more, which has a very populous type five to it. But the more impressive piece to me is how he's managed to brand himself as an everyday Joe who just wants to give away all his money. And if you Google Chuck Bezos house, you'll see like 50, 60 pictures of various 30,000 square foot plus mansions in cities around the world, LA, DC,  that lives in Omaha. And there's lots of pictures of that house. He always mentions, he drives, he's known for being just very frugal and living this very modest life. That is a narrative. And the Giving Pledge, which Buffett co-founded with Bill Gates, again, credit to them. I think it's great that they're giving away, pledging to give away the vast majority of their net worth during their lives. I mean, that's a wonderful thing.  brand yourself as sort of not like the other billionaires, super generous, you know, just lives a really frugal life. You don't really care at all about money. I think that is like true narrative mastery and then profits achieve that. Yeah, one of the institutions in society that is very dependent on the narrative and the confidence game is the Federal Reserve and kind of this belief in money, belief in their ability to be able to manipulate interest rates and  this as any sort of expert, not an expert on this stuff, but I have a few thoughts. One is we just had the announcement today from the chairman of the Fed, Jerome Powell, that they're now targeting higher inflation for the next five years, I think, than historical. So certainly the Fed now is explicitly, now just today, there's now a major policy  away. It's like, oh, cool. That's helping us out by increasing inflation. Certainly we want to be a little bit skeptical about that. The fact that they felt they needed to make an announcement about it, to me means that it is just going to be this extraordinarily inflationary environment. Because for years to come, because there really is at this point, no other option. The money printing that's gone on, the  In theory and in practice today, in a hyperinflationary environment where digitization trends are being accelerated by a global pandemic, the macro would point to, you obviously can't be in cash in a hyperinflationary environment. So you want to be in the equities that are most linked to the future and have the most expected value  a lot of these highly valued SaaS companies. So excluding the e-commerce stuff, I think the e-commerce stuff, things like Zoom is an exception to this on the SaaS side, social media, all of those are probably just phenomenally accelerated by COVID. But on Enterprise SaaS specifically, I think the upticks in churn have really only started to hit these companies over the past few months. And ultimately you're gonna see the SaaS,  how you think that they're going. The first is the death of Dr. Lee as the Franz Ferdinand moment in society. Yeah, so in World War, so there was in, so it's early where I'm at, I think it was World War I, yeah, Franz Ferdinand. So in World War I, retrospectively, the historians looked at the assassination of this Austrian, Austrian duke  sort of December between Christmas and New Year's, he was sending warning messages. He saw, he was alarmed by some of the cases that he was seeing, even as just an ophthalmologist. And he was sending WeChat messages trying to warn people of this as being a very serious risk of pandemic and ultimately contract the coronavirus while treating a patient at his hospital and died. And I believe that that  being underplayed by the Chinese Communist Party, Dr. Lee trying to warn about it, dying of the virus he was trying to warn about. The virus then escapes from Wuhan, spreads globally. There's questions about whether the virus was actually a bat-borne coronavirus from a wet market, or was there a lab leak?  that  So what reality is, I think it's been somewhat fractured by the global response to the virus over the past seven or eight months. So yep, still stand by that one. Hyperinflation, and maybe caveat this one with US or not US and any sort of idea around timeline. So we're already seeing inflation. So we're not at hyperinflation, we're already seeing inflation.  And, um, you know, there's all these Southern European countries that, that where, where it should be a lot worse. The number of these developing countries, they'll probably be worse in other places than, than in the U S. Uh, this one is fascinating to me, which is remote work as a narrative mirage. Yeah. So, um, so I don't know like what it's going to look like, but I don't think this like working from home indefinitely thing.  And I actually think that there's something fundamental about building a company where you kind of have to have some real sort of in-person interaction. And so I think maybe the one way in which this prediction could be wrong is if VR just gets so good on a fast timeline that we have these immersive virtual offices that we all just put on our headset and we're in this immersive virtual office. Maybe that's the way in which the prediction could be wrong. But if that doesn't happen, I predict there's some  white collar, Zoomer jobs such that just, you know, you're still going to need a plumber, you're still going to need a landscaper, but you're not going to need a, you're not going to need a, you're not going to need an accounting clerk. And all of those Zoomer white collar jobs are just going to go away. They'll be automated. That's one way in which this remote work thing's a narrative mirage. Two is, I don't believe it's a just permanent change. So I think once the pandemic is solved, which again, I think it's going to take  that Zoom is Yahoo. I look at Zoom as Yahoo. Yahoo was like the breakthrough web portal and search engine, and then it was disrupted by Google. The main thing with Zoom is that I think it makes, at least I feel like it makes me look really ugly. I don't like to do the Zoom things. I think it makes my room look ugly. It makes me look ugly. It's not a very good... It's quite kludgy. That's a word we use the technology of.  believe in technological progress that there will be other iterations that are improvements. Now, that could be from Zoom or could be from other companies, but it just feels like sitting and staring at each other on video while we type on our computers probably isn't the solution if remote work ends up being the standard. Yes, I'm inclined to agree with you on that. All right. Number five, serological test agreements, which sounds like it's out of a sci-fi movie, but  that you had antibodies to the coronavirus or had recently tested negative for the coronavirus. I actually think that companies, not governments, are just going to scale up the rapid testing. Now that we have these rapid tests that you get results in five minutes, I actually just think that to go to any workplace, you'll have to do a rapid test before entering. So you go to reception, you do a rapid test, you self-administer it. Maybe you have to have a medical professional for the first  come online to do that. And then ultimately, yeah, maybe it does transition to more of a, a, a serological task agreement, which is what I predicted. Yeah. One of the things I keep thinking through is just if this is persistent, um, what are the other changes to society that happens? So if you go back, like taking your real estate, for example, uh, there was immense capital inflow from international investors in like the mid 2010s builders saw this, they all got super excited. They went and started building a bunch of stuff by the time they actually got the buildings built, there was more capital  may be on the tail end of it. And therefore, it's kind of a lot of motion that ends up not actually leading to progress because you almost got to revert back to the world, you know, pre coronavirus, right? Yeah. So your point being a lot of these changes, it just ultimately just reverts back. So it's sort of pointless forward motion. Is that sort of the general point? Well, I think that you're basically trying to make permanent changes for what is probably  And then in 18 months it goes back. Can you actually get back to the norm kind of as fast as, as you made the change? I just don't know. Right. Okay. So now I get what you're saying. So, um, so here's what I'd say on that. So I think there's a sense in which that's the exact right frame. And so I think there's a, there's a sense in which if, if, um, uh, there's a sense in which that's the right frame. Um, and, and, uh, because I don't think it changes things in the way that people think it works.  You'd have to sell them for pennies on the dollar, sell it for pennies on the dollar. The obvious moves just financially don't make sense to make right now. But then I do think there's a, I actually, I don't agree with you that it's, I don't agree with the assertion that it's a temporary problem. I think that plagues, if you look, there's certain moments in time where you actually have to really look back thousands and thousands of years and see how things have played out in historical context. And with plagues in particular,  And there are all of these knock-on effects, second and third and fourth order effects of these plagues that only become clear retrospectively. And so I would imagine that 100 years from now, again, people will be looking back and like, yeah, sure, the coronavirus, Manhattan, yeah, people started working in Midtown again. And there are all these other ways in which  by government agencies and sort of Albany extends to Manhattan and sort of AOC's office is in the penthouse of the vampire state building or something. I don't know, but I think things change just not the way we think they will. That would be epic. And I don't know if a good way or not. But in terms of going back to the technology world, pro startup anti-big tech, that is a very, very popular  to get coding something up. And it's really just a bet on the people and the idea and the market opportunity. And implicit in doing that, you have to believe that it will one day be a big tech company. And so implicit in doing the early stage startup investing, in order to have that be a profitable endeavor, one has to believe that some of the companies that you're investing in, when it's just a few men, ladies, whatever,  who are just categorically, like we have to break up all the big tech companies, all the big tech companies are evil, but make their livings by investing in these early stage tech startups. That to me just seems like an incoherent position. And there actually are more than a few. Again, I don't view myself as a venture capitalist. I'm an investor. Some people get to self-identify as VCs. I just self-identify as an investor. That's my personal identity and I'm weighing claim to that.  kind of thing that people forget, which is that every challenger or disruptor, if successful, becomes the man. Right? So I think it's kind of your point here. And we're seeing this play out perfectly with Apple versus Fortnite. And Apple is, you know, they used to be the people in the garage, right? They were the ones who were going to go disrupt the tech world and kind of the computer science and software world. Now, everyone's pointing the finger saying you're the big bad person who's  Yeah, I mean, it was a brilliant move by Fortnite. You basically have this situation where you have Apple. You have Apple has been this just really important distribution channel for these companies, these games, these businesses. And the reality is that...  all these different paths. They've got consoles, they've got other mobile devices, all sorts of ways people can engage with Fortnite. They are not completely path dependent on iOS. And so there's a sense in which my partner Eric Stromberg has this, my partner Bedrock has this great website, ScreenshotSays.com, and he would sort of, I think, term the app store, like it's becoming more of a  And it's very obvious. They had the lawsuits ready. They had the marketing video ready. Everything was lined up. And they went ahead and they just said, we're going to do it anyways. And then I didn't know this until recently. They actually sent an email to Apple saying, we just did this. So they didn't even wait for Apple to go find it. They basically said to them, we're putting the middle finger up. Apple took them off. And then that's when they unleashed everything. And look, that's something you would have expected from Apple 30 years ago. That was a very Apple-esque move. But today, they're just the man.  of violation and will kind of come back down to reality or is that a change that is likely to stay? I think that that is a new reality. So I think like, whereas before you would have opened up a, you know, you would have opened up a coffee shop or some sort of, you know, a comedy club or something like that in a city, these businesses are just going to be built online. And so the new way to build a small business is online.  And now there's a new set of platform dependencies. If you're doing a Shopify store, or if you're doing a rolling fund, or if you're doing any of these new podcast business, there's a new set of platform dependencies that you have as a solopreneur, whether that's Shopify, Plaid, Stripe, distribution for a podcast, Spotify, App Store, whatever. There's a set of platform dependencies.  that you're not overly dependent on one platform for distribution. So Fortnite was able to stick the middle finger up at Apple with this ad because they know that they can survive without the apps or distribution. You never want to make a threat unless you're actually willing to follow through on it. So they know they can survive without it. So there's a lesson for every solopreneur from that Fortnite position where you never want to be too dependent on one of these platforms. Absolutely. And do you feel like those platforms  I need Stripe, I need Plaid. I kind of need all of these different pieces to build my platform rather than just I can go partner with one and just use that one platform. Yeah, I mean, I'm not sure. I think the reality is that it would be better for the, well, it'd be more work and annoying for the solopreneurs to have these different platforms that have to work. It's actually better for them because you're not giving anyone  There are lots and lots and lots and lots of banks in the United States with total assets that are over a billion. There's something like 40 banks that have over a billion dollars in total assets in the United States and lots and lots of banks with a multi-billion dollar market caps. There should be lots of these enabling. If you're a small business owner, you typically would only work with one bank.  in the defense sector, just given our view that globally things are becoming more unstable, it feels like there's more room for innovation in the defense sector and that we sort of do need new technologies. That's an area that we've recently become more active in. Another one would be, we talked about one of my predictions was surgeons of religiosity. So given we have a prediction there, people are more interested in faith and meaning, trying to find it  any app to let you connect your bank account. I think these sort of core infrastructure type things, there are more opportunities for that. So we're always interested in these new areas that are going to be core online infrastructure going forward. Got it. And then in terms of the current portfolio you have, you've got a bunch of businesses that end up appearing at least from the outside to be well positioned for a digital first world that we've moved to. So things like Lambda School and Education Space or the athletic on the content  So, for example, let's take the athletics. You have a shutdown in sports. So right now we've got the NBA bubble, right? So it's a sports subscription media site. And then there's no sports. So there's a sense in which that's not great for the athletic as a business when there's no sports. Now, all of that said, what I've been shocked by  There's like there's going to be, there should be like unlimited demand for like a product that enables you to, you know, you don't have to spend anything upfront. Your risk is that you're putting in your time and they only succeed if they help you earn a lot more money, if they accelerate your income. So in theory, like if they can actually deliver on that promise, like to a mass customer base, there shouldn't in theory be unlimited demand for that. Again, they still have a lot to prove.  Zoom, and we have a company in our portfolio, RigUp, which is one of our largest investors, is a platform for those workers that matches them with jobs, provides them with a suite of services and benefits, a two-sided labor marketplace for skilled trade workers, renewable and renewables, construction, defense, energy, et cetera. And I'm very bullish on that area because I do think somehow it's easy to forget about all those folks  you can't operate your business, you don't have big reserves, small businesses, they have basically like three weeks of cash on average and all this stuff. Venture capital businesses are capitalized in a way where sometimes they're going 18, 24 months with burning the cash that they've raised. And so in some weird way, they were actually set up to withstand it a little bit better, right, structurally. But obviously, if you cover sports, the sports are gone, that's not good either.  The world's too dangerous for hot takes right now. It's my hot take. You're not wrong, my friend. You're not wrong. Where can people find you or find out more about Bedrock if they want to get in touch? Awesome. I have this, you know, definitely try to get subscribers for this nascent YouTube channel that I just launched a few weeks ago. Jeff Lewis TV, Jeff with the G, GEO app on YouTube. Subscribe to me on YouTube. Follow me on Twitter. Justglue, J U S T G O.