 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Ben here with me. Super excited to do this. Thank you so much for coming on. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. So Ben is one of the rare people who gets to write about the NDA all day and spent his time learning about that. He also, for those that are watching this rather than listening, wrote this awesome book, The Hot Hand, that we'll get into. But maybe, Ben, before we get into the  I was hired on a full-time basis a few years later. And then I started writing about the NBA in July 2014, which I remember very specifically because it was the day before LeBron James chose to go back to Cleveland from Miami. And to this day, I'm pretty sure it's because our sports editor looked around the room, realized that we did not have a full-time national NBA reporter at the time and thought, oh my God, we have nobody to write this story tomorrow  year was Toronto and we've seen sort of a reshaping of the league this season before the whole league shut down. But it's, it's, I sort of couldn't have had any better timing and it was by complete chance, like total coincidence, nothing to do with me. And I've just sort of been trying to ride that wave ever since. I love that. So was the first story you wrote for the wall street journal in terms of like on the actual national basketball beat about LeBron James going back to Cleveland in that new job?  for a bunch of different reasons. I think all of those guys are really interesting in their own ways. And they sort of reveal a lot about where basketball is today and where the league is going. But to watch a revolution in real time and to sort of have an excuse to write about what is happening and just the incredible shifts in the way that basketball is played and how like 40 years of orthodoxy can get thrown out the window to the point that the way that the game looks now  What are maybe the pros and cons or how you see that trade-off? The way I think about it is that my best stories, the stories that I really like doing, have to appeal to people who know everything about sports and also nothing about sports. Ideally, if I write a story, it would be interesting to someone who has read every story that's ever been written about Steph Curry. It would also interest someone who doesn't even know who Steph Curry is or why The Wall Street Journal is writing about him.  explaining the value of Steph Curry, for example. It turns out when you write about the same teams over and over and you're looking for new ways to explain why they're good and how they're good and what made them good, you have to look for all types of different directions. But I think you're exactly right. Writing about sports and writing about the NBA for the Wall Street Journal is just totally different from doing it just about anywhere else on earth because there has to be some sort of quantitative backing to almost every story that we do.  What made it interesting was that this team was so transcendent that the only thing they could really find to complain about was not having peanut butter and jellies on the team plane. And so that's cool for me because I always have to be thinking like, is this interesting to me who spends all day on NBA Twitter and listening to NBA podcasts and talking to NBA people? And is this interesting to my mom, right? Who only follows the NBA through my stories. Yeah. And the whole idea of like this is that  team in the league could have had him and every team passed on him. He signed a two-way contract. So he was in the NBA and he was in the NBA G league. And he ended up, you know, signing this new contract with the Thunder right before the playoffs that pro rates out to $155,000. He's an NBA player who's paid like a first year lawyer. There's like no one in the NBA who makes less money than Lou Dort. And he finds himself with the hardest job in the NBA, which is trying to stop James Harden in a playoff series. And so  every time these guys take the floor. It also explains that both of these guys in a funny twist are more valuable than their contracts. Every NBA star on a max contract is technically underpaid. He would make way more money on the open market if basketball were like baseball and it had a free market, but his salary is capped and his production is far greater than the $38 million that he makes. But Lou Dort is also valuable because he is playing this really  who is making no money for an NBA player end up with the most important job in the NBA playoffs. And so that whole thing, it's a story that could appeal to someone who doesn't know who Lou Dort or James Harden is because it's really just a story of a guy who finds himself in this very odd, peculiar position in front of the world. But it's also a story that hopefully, if you do happen to know who Lou Dort and James Harden are, you could look at it and be like, well, I don't know how he got  in the NBA and probably the most interesting guy in the NBA the way that he thinks. What Darryl would tell you is that the way to win in the NBA is to just reap value wherever you can. You get value from your max players because if you could pay LeBron James whatever you wanted, he would make far more than the $40 million that he makes. But in a salary cap league, you also have to go searching for ways where you can find value in guys that anybody can get. James Harden's don't grow  There are people on that roster and probably people who are producing, um, you know, far above their contracts that explain why they are good. So walk us through like that same, uh, thought process for somebody like the Golden State Warriors when they go on this like Epic run. How do you think about applying that, uh, mentality to that team? Which part, like, how do you find value or how do you find stories that people want to read about them? So the value. So like everyone knows that obviously Steph Curry, right? There's like the players that top that everyone knows of, but how do you look at like,  But when the Warriors present him with this contract, a four-year, $44 million offer, they both think they can get value out of that. It's life-changing money for Steph Curry, and it's not yet clear that he is worth more than that. But it's also a pretty big risk for the Warriors because if his ankles don't hold up, then they are overpaying for a guy who can't play. So what happens over the course of those four years? Steph Curry becomes a revolutionary basketball player. He becomes an MVP in 2015 when the Warriors win their first championship. He becomes the first unanimous MVP in the history of basketball.  contract that kicks in where suddenly every team has a pile of cash that they can spend however they want it because the salary cap shot up by 35% in one year. Instead of being smoothed in over a certain number of years, there was this spike. And how does every team spend this pile of cash? Well, they all want to just lavish money on the top free agents. That happened to be the summer when Kevin Durant was the best free agent on the market. And which team suddenly has the money to afford signing Kevin Durant, the golden  still think there is nothing more magical than watching Steph Curry play basketball. But the whole thing has this odd financial underpinning that you wouldn't really find unless you knew how to look for it. Like they don't exist if not for this trick of financial accounting in this very strange way. When when people talk about the Golden State Warriors and kind of they were playing just that style of basketball. It reminded me of the equivalent being the greatest show on turf when the St. Louis Rams were just you know  2008 until 2012, which is that NBA teams appeared to find the right equilibrium. They had settled on like 22% of shots were three pointers and it stayed at almost exactly 22% for five seasons. It was as if they had all realized, okay, like one out of every shot, one of every five shots on a basketball court should be a three pointer. And then like something happened that they all just realized, Oh no, like that's wrong. Like we need to be taking more three  And teams took a really long time to figure it out. And what's changed in the last five years is that every team wants more shooting. Some guys take lots of threes. Lots of guys take some threes. The best players, the ones who have changed the game are the ones who have figured out ways to take new types of threes. So Steph Curry shoots off the dribble and James Harden shoots while stepping away from the basket. And Damian Lillard pulls up from 30 to 40 feet and makes enough of them that it's a good shot for him. I mean, this is really crazy.  are efficient for these guys. They are such good shooters that they get value out of that. Like last year, the isolation play in basketball tends to be among the worst plays. Like you don't want to go one-on-one and take a contested shot. You especially don't want to do that while you're 25 feet away from the basket and your body is carrying you even farther away from the basket. Like when James Harden shoots, he is stepping away from the basket. Like that's never been done before. And yet last year, James Harden isolating was more efficient than the most  objectively chasing the same goal, but only one of us is going to achieve it every year. So one of the things around the three point shot that you as a former Duke fan will appreciate that I don't think it's enough credit is when JJ Rettick was at Duke, he completely changed the way that I think people in college looked at a shooter, right? It wasn't this kind of, let me spot up and shoot. Like I literally remember him running last.  it's actually top down where the NBA game evolves and then it kind of trickles down to the college game. Yeah, colleges were ahead of the NBA on this. And I've actually talked to Golden State General Manager Bob Myers about this. And Bob has a really interesting connection to the three-pointer. When Bob was in college, he played for UCLA. He walked onto a team that won the national championship. And he is famously on the cover of Sports Illustrated, like hugging Tyus Edney after his coast-to-coast layup that won the championship.  back and looked at that game and studied the box score, it became very clear how they lost. Princeton took more than half of their shots that night from behind the three point line. Their coach, this guy, Pete Carrille, who is sort of this Yoda of basketball, was one of the first people in basketball to realize that, Hey, maybe we should be taking more of this shot that is literally worth more than the other shots on the court. I think he once said, like, they're going to give us one more point. Like we should take more of those shots. And so it was always sort of an underdog strategy to launch three pointers. But, um, one of the things  the baseline and coming around screens and launching from 28 feet and swishing it, you're just like, what do I do with this guy? And, um, I, I do think that there is something to that. It's not quite the same as like a guy making a mid range jumper or driving to the basket for a layup. When a guy makes a three, especially a big three, especially when there is momentum on the line, like that's when coaches call time out and they're like, let's stop the game for a second. Right. It literally is, uh, the dagger, right? That that's why they, uh, they referred to it. Uh, you,  a few years ago about the Hot Hand and the search to figure out whether or not it's real and whether we should believe in it. And usually what happens when I write a story for the journal is that by the time it runs, by the time I have come up with the idea and talked to people and written the story and gone through edits and it finally sees the light of day and people can read it for themselves, I am so sick of that story and I do not want to think about it anymore. And the opposite happened with the Hot Hand. I could not get the Hot Hand out of my head. It was a story  to many different directions that I could not have anticipated when I decided to actually do this. I don't want to give away anything that you don't want to give away. So maybe how much do you want to say about does the hot hand exist? Even if there were spoilers, I think that whether or not the hot hand exists is kind of in the eye of the beholder. I think there are really smart people on both sides of this debate. And it really depends on what situation you're in.  at the end of it, you're kind of thinking, well, I've toyed around with this idea and where do I land on it for myself? And, you know, part of this book is looking at those studies over the years, the last 35 years, but also like being able to enjoy the stories, the people whose lives kind of help illuminate this academic phenomenon that some of the smartest people on the planet, economists and statisticians and mathematicians and psychologists have spent  the creation of NBA Jam and it's about the hottest game of Steph Curry's career. And that was kind of my rooting in this book, right? Like, you know, I have written a whole lot about Steph Curry and I played a whole lot of NBA Jam and it kind of makes sense that it starts there, but it goes into crazy directions very quickly. I mean, that's the first chapter. The second chapter is about Shakespeare's plays in a play here, which I wrote long before 2020. And it's about the making of the Prince  able to figure out what happened to him. And there are stories about a lost Van Gogh painting and baseball and auctions. And I mean, it goes in there. There are lots of stories, but the making of that BHM and what happened that changed Steph Curry's life or are some of my favorite stories in there. So my favorite is the one that you start off with, which is you basically tell the story of how you had the hot hand one night in high school. What does it say about me that that was not my favorite story? Tell just kind of the high  basketball. But in one quarter of one game, I scored more points than I had in my entire career. I think it was like 16 points I couldn't miss. Like I just I kept throwing stuff up and it kept going in. And I quit playing basketball not long after that game in part because I realized that I was putrid, but but also because I realized that, you know, never again, I would I ever achieve that state in basketball. But having the hot hands stuck with me for a very long time. Like I had plenty of reasons to forget about  sending our place in the world, whether it is at an office or whether it is in a JV basketball gym with like eight people in the stands. And I wanted to know more about that feeling and why it's such a contested, disputed, sort of devilishly entertaining phenomenon. And, you know, when I started reading about it, you know, what shocked me was the highly counterintuitive conclusion of this paper that was published in 1985, this real  There are hundreds of papers about the hot hand since then because of that really incredible finding that started this whole field. And so once I, once I dove into that literature, I, you know, was just sort of swimming around and, and, you know, refused to come up back to surface because it was so interesting. I love it. Where can people go find the book? Anywhere, everywhere books are sold. All right. So the hot hand, uh, I rarely give book recommendations, but this one makes the cut. So well, you did a fantastic job. I'm so glad.  with my stories and, you know, help explain what just happened on the court. So that has been a challenge for sure. But it's also just weird. Like we have, there have been basketball games on from noon until midnight playoff games. Like that doesn't happen either. So it's a really strange environment. And there are just, there are kind of interesting stories wherever you look, because all of this is happening so quickly and in such an odd environment. And with so much at stake, like what is going on in the playoffs now?  I think it'll be interesting to see what happens when the games really matter going forward, when we get to the conference semis and the conference finals and the finals. The thing that's really been surprising is how high the quality of play has been. These guys were off for months. Some of them went the longest stretches in their lives without touching a basketball. And you wouldn't really know it watching the game. Like, even though there are no fans, even though they're in this environment that is unlike anywhere they ever played basketball before, basketball is pretty good.  you might not think from watching him because he doesn't look athletic, right? He kind of moves slowly and deliberately and he changes speeds a lot, but all of that is intentional. So I wrote a story a few years ago. Luca was 16 years old, this Slovenian teenager who was playing in Spain when he decided to spend his summers flying halfway across the world and coming to this small performance laboratory in Santa Barbara for a couple of weeks at a time. He was a kid who was  And once you understand that, you can kind of see how, um, his game opens up from there. So his step back three pointers, it's all because of his lower body strength, his ability to sort of like weave and snake through the lane and try to find angles where they may not exist. It's because he has these biomechanical gifts that are invisible, but, um, but, but open up everything about him. So, um, so that is interesting to me about Luca. And then the fact that like several teams passed on him is crazy. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and  The sons passed on him after hiring his Slovenian national team coach. The Sacramento Kings passed on him for reasons that I still don't understand. The Atlanta Hawks traded out of the number three pick and they got another draft pick and they drafted Trey Young, but that allowed the Dallas Mavericks to come in and swoop up. Luca Doncic, who looks like he is the cornerstone of a franchise for a very long time. And so one thing I did right before the pandemic was I actually spoke with a bunch of his teammates from rail Madrid who saw him when he was  And I was watching him grow up and we were just astounded in every practice and every game. And like, I would just tell my friends like, you'll see like this kid is astonishing. And we're all seeing that now. I saw a video, uh, recently on the Mavis Twitter. Um, and it's Luca, I think it said it was, he was 14 and he's basically in a gym. He's tied to one of these like strength ropes, like the farther you get out that the more it gets tension on it. And he's basically doing it.  I don't think I understood until I saw that video how much work at a very young age he did and what I would consider a much more kind of professional art. Right. This wasn't somebody who just like was good at basketball and just happened to make an NBA. It looks like this was very intentional expenditure of energy and focus in order to be the best in the world. Right. And why was he able to do that? Because he was paid as a professional basketball player when he was 14 years old. He was not an amateur. He had no interest in going to college. He was part of the Real Madrid system.  and watch him play for a few minutes and you will just be drawn to him. He's magnetic, right? He is a really compelling force. And the best players on earth are the ones who sort of pass that alien test where you can just drop anyone into a gym and say, who interests you? Like if you watch Steph Curry, you cannot take your eyes off of him when he is rolling, right? You just want to be like, who is that guy? And like, why am I so drawn to him? And I think Luca is like that. I mean, he's 21 years old. He is doing things.  infamous opening night pitch where he, I don't know how to even describe it. He just didn't have a good pitch. I guess this is the best way to describe it. Talk a little bit about like, what's the fascination there and why I find him so interesting. So I thought he was really interesting in like January and February. I was sort of hanging out to his every word before most people even realized who he was. And so on March 11th, which most people remember for how it ended, right? That was the night that Tom Hanks has deposited Rudy Gobert has deposited in the NBA shut down.  is the Ivy League overreacting or is the NBA underreacting? And Tony Fauci said in front of America, like it's time for the NBA to start playing in empty arenas. Like the NBA is not the one that's in the right here and they need to respond. And that was really interesting. Right. And so a few hours later, of course, the whole season gets shut down. But I just thought, well, who is this guy who is like telling the NBA to stop playing? And of course, he is the nation's top expert on  leadership. And they all remembered this one game that they played. They were a terrible high school basketball team when in his senior year, I think they were one in 17 and they went to the Bronx, they packed into a subway car and they rode to the Bronx to play their rival, a school called Fordham Prep. They were Regis High School, this free Catholic school in the city. And all of them thought they were going to lose. The best player on the other team was this guy named Donnie Walsh, who would play at the University of North Carolina. He would play in the NBA, he would coach in the NBA. He would run an NBA.  story. Um, and I said, listen, I got to ask you, um, I talked to eight of your teammates, all of them were swore that you would remember this high school basketball game from 50 years ago, were they right? And he was like, are you kidding me? Of course I remember everything about that game. Like he was like listing players from the other team. He was like, nobody talks about these guys anymore. It's like, well, yeah, nobody talks about them because they were high school basketball players in the 1950s. But, um, it sort of goes to show you that you can lead the country through Ebola and anthrax  trusting to lead us through this crisis now. There is a straight line there. This guy has been the leader of a team that everybody else has looked to for his entire life. That's awesome. Before we go to wrap up and do rapid fire questions, Bitcoin, what's your position? What do you know? What do you not know? Give us some insight. I know almost nothing. One of my best friends from college is worked at Coinbase and is into it.  be my education. Well, if you got a friend who worked at Coinbase, I'm sure that you've gotten the hard pitch of you got to pay attention to this. This is the future sounds like they even tried to like overwhelm you by sending you some to really make you pay attention. Yeah, well, I just dismissed him as my idiot friend from college, but that sort of goes to show you how much I know. Trust me for every one of our idiot friends who sends us a good idea, there's probably 100 bad ideas that they try to shove on us, right? Yes, and I've gotten plenty of those too.  the revolution that that has incited that book, what it captured. I mean, it's just a brilliant book in addition to finding this incredible story. It's, you know, just every sentence is hilarious. The story itself is remarkable. And I think that book probably did more to shape the way that I see the sports world than anything else. I love that answer. Aliens, believer or non-believer? So speaking of idiot college friends,  was that everybody got an A at the end of the semester. And he was like, yeah, that's what everybody always does. But part of that class was every everyone had to give a presentation about whether or not aliens exist and is there life on other planets? And I did not give the presentation. And there's a chance that I may have slept through part of the presentation, but the parts of the presentation that I remember were very convincing. So I do believe in aliens or life that is not on Earth. But my convictions are not super high.  And every single person pretty much says like, I'll believe it when I see them, like why can we discover them? Right. So it's just like a, like prove it to me type of mentality or some variation of that, except for Josh Brown, who is a, a guy who runs a kind of a wealth advisory service on wall street. It's on CNBC all the time. He, for some reason, randomly blurted out and said, what are you talking about? Ghosts are more real than aliens. I was just like, I love it. I was like, do you have evidence of the, you know,  people conflate a lot UFOs and aliens. So like the Pentagon came out with UFOs. So like, if you go out on the street, my guess is that most people be like, Oh yeah, the Pentagon already like admitted that. And you're like, wait a second. Like, no, they didn't. Second of all, you're you think that the Pentagon admitted that there's aliens, but you're not worried about that. You're not talking to me. Like, it's like this weird thing. And I also think people want to believe like that's the other aspect, right? It's like, there's a TV show about that. I don't know if you heard about it, but the truth is out there. And it's called the X files. It was  sort of applies to life. Is there any sort of hot hand effect in Bitcoin investing or how you see that market? I mean, just investing in general, I guess there's a lot of people who kind of will get sucked into every investment that I make, goes up in value, right? So kind of this idea, especially if you're like a day trader and you kind of get on a roll. Investing, I always talk about like, whether you're buying stocks, you're buying crypto, whatever, like it's basically just a legal casino, right? In terms of  Right. Because that's actually where people end up losing a lot of money, right? You basically, you keep betting, keep betting, keep betting, and like, oh, I'm going to, you know, for sure hit this next one. Let me really, you know, make a big bet. And then as soon as you lose discipline, house wins and like, you know, get back that regression to the meme type situation. I think with Bitcoin, it has shifted people's mentality a little bit, at least the like what I call quote unquote true believers, where it's like, don't spend, right? Don't consume, just like do everything you possibly can to hold. And almost like this holding as a use case.  was one quarter of one g