 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Ryan here. Thanks so much for doing this, man. Yeah, thanks, man. I'm really excited to be here. How are you doing? I'm doing fantastic. For those that don't know you, let's just jump right into your background. You've done a bunch of awesome stuff, built some pretty large companies. Maybe just talk about where'd you grow up and how did you get into the business world? Yeah, so I'm from the DC Metro. I'm from Maryland.  and did a whole bunch of deals there. I was learning a tremendous amount. And then while I was there, I started doing real estate deals for my own account on the side. And I was reading this newsletter called BizNow, B-E-I-S-N-O-W, which is this father and son duo had co-founded Mark and L.A. BizNow in DC. And I essentially cold approached them and asked them if I could buy a big chunk of the company. And I ended up doing that.  a little over 20 million top line and sold it to a private equity firm in 2016. I replaced myself with kind of like my protege, if you will, who became CEO of the company and he's still there. And so at the same time though, in 2008, Elliot Biznow and I co-founded this company with a few other friends called Summit or Summit Series, which is basically like this kind of community or gathering  $4,000, $5,000 on average. And we'd have all kinds of amazing speakers and personalities there. We've had Bezos and Branson and Shonda Rhimes and Jessica Alba and Reed Hastings from Netflix, Ted Turner, Brene Brown, Al Gore, all kinds of really interesting people who would come and inspire the community and many of them were part of the community. And then in 2012, we bought a 10,000 acre ski resort. It's actually the largest ski resort  It's still open to the public, but there's also an element to the community that's like a membership as well. And so we've sold about $150 million worth of real estate here since 2012. And it's been kind of an interesting way to think about extending a media brand or a community brand into a real estate project. And we started a $30 million venture fund at one point called Summit Action, which invests in startups and started a nonprofit called the Summit Instinct.  community building and you've just got a lot of what I'll call kind of practical experience and expertise. So throughout this conversation, I think we'll kind of talk through a lot of just like the lessons you've learned from the operator seat, but maybe talk a little bit. Let's go back to business now and talk a little bit about like tactically, you know, once you bought the business, what was kind of the state of the business and what did you do to actually grow it to a 20 plus million dollar top line, seven million dollars in profit? What were those steps that you  was by market. So, you know, I'd go to New York and crash couches with friends and hire our first writer. And then I would make the first sales myself selling advertising and get it up to break even. And, you know, one thing that we would do is whenever I'd go to a new market, I would go to all of the top firms in the space and say, look, we're only going to have one law firm on all of our advertising for a year. We're only going to have one accounting firm and one lender. And I'm talking to five of you and one of you is going to get it.  through this kind of like profitable sales method. And then, you know, once we got, you know, maybe, I don't know, five to 10,000 subscribers in the market, we would start producing our own conferences. And the conferences would bring in ticket sales through our website. And our sales team that was selling the ads would sell the sponsorships to it. And we would do an event pretty much every month in every market, and eventually even as much as like three events per month per market. And we became, you know, obsessed with data  you know, real estate in Midtown Manhattan. So like really, really super niche was kind of, you know, like our belief is that there is riches and niches and we could deliver like this really specific audience. So that was like part of the methodology. I think one other thing about it too is I think we learned pretty early on that if you're going to produce 300 events a year and publish 28 newsletters every single day, five to six days a week, it's all about systems and making it replicable, which initially we were terrible.  not gonna necessarily be that dynamic. And maybe it's that they don't have enough equity, I don't know, but it was hard to get these people. So I ended up studying this company, it was called IIR, that had hundreds of conferences and figured out, oh wow, they break it down into an assembly line. And so we basically had a programming department that gets all the speakers, a production department that handles all the coordinating and all the contracting and details and shows up and actually executes on the event.  So you just described kind of the buckets, but maybe walk through. There's a lot of people who run a business and human capital is the solution to every problem, right? They just throw bodies at something. And for many people, especially kind of small business owners, they throw themselves at the problem. You were able to kind of at different points in that business build systems so that you didn't have to write every newsletter, do every sale, kind of all that stuff. But then also eventually on the transition, when you sold the business, you were able to  You know, we write headlines that look like this. We write this many words, typically. Our photos should never look like this, but they should look like this. And it definitely was far from perfect. It's not like I just handed this manual and people just instantly could write it like this. But over time, we managed to train people and then put in place a certain amount of management and culture that people could replicate the writing. And the same thing on the speaking. We're like, you know, we need a certain percentage of the speakers to look like this and a certain percentage like this.  And so we had to basically build training programs. And also I found that people forget like 80% of what they learned in the training program when they join. So you basically need to have like a continuing education where you're just constantly every week, getting people back together and teaching them and going into the field. And then another thing I think we learned eventually was hiring multiples of people at a time and hiring full-time recruiters. If you have a lot of great talent coming into the company, you can put pressure on the people  as the CEO, I should never be doing it alone. I need to have at least two to three people learning it with me as apprentices. And one of those people is gonna end up being outstanding. One will be kind of so-so and one will probably have to let go within a year. And so I used to hire one person at a time. I started trying to hire at least three at a time for any role, especially when you're growing. If all three of them are amazing, great, you'll find a place for them. So I think some of those things were key. And yeah, investing in  a couple of buttons and get an email out to them. And so that made it a lot easier as we got, as we got scaled. Yeah. And then these training programs, I think, uh, probably if you ask most entrepreneurs, what are they really bad at? It's like onboarding training and that continued education. Uh, you spent, um, what seems almost like an inordinate amount of time, money, resources, mental energy on these, uh, kind of supporting actions of the system. So you got to design the system, you got to implement the system. And then like, it's almost like garbage in garbage out type.  new people are, like I said, they're like, they have fresh eyes. And so we were constantly refining. We had a manual for editorial. We had one for producing the event, one for contracting the hotels, whatever it was. And then when people would join, we'd put them into like a four to six week program where we'd have someone in that department and sometimes even myself for part of the time or my COO go in and actually train them. And then we'd bring them into the field and actually we learned that just telling people  as well as you might do yourself as the founder. Like there were definitely tons of times where I'm like, Ned, I think had I shown up at this event, I would have done the chairs this way. I would have gotten the speaker. Oh, I would have made this sale, you know, 7,000 instead of 5,000. And I kind of had to let go of that in order for us to grow. And that was challenging initially, because I definitely was like, you know, always wanted to like fix and optimize everything. And other times people would way exceed my, you know, they'd make like mistakes initially. And then they would learn  route to one that doesn't involve outside capital. Yeah, I mean, I've been kind of like an evangelist recently of trying to persuade more and more people that they don't need to pursue venture. I just, you know, having worked at Summit like you, I think we've both seen so many entrepreneurs in the venture space. And I just see a lot of them suffer from a tremendous amount of anxiety because they've got to keep hitting these growth numbers because their only opportunity to make any real money besides their salary is to sell the company generally.  And so, and most of them aren't big enough to go public. And so, and, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so, and so  your region so that your competition doesn't have our products. It was like a packaging product. And you're going to pay us an exclusivity fee. And then they use that fee to pay for the tooling and the initial prototyping of the product and got them off the ground on any outside capital. And one thing I love about this is if you sell a company for 50 million without venture, that's the equivalent of selling your company for like 2, 3, 400 million with venture capital typically. And so you don't have to scale nearly as  hoping and praying that like Salesforce requires them or you know, whatever, you know, Shopify buys them or whatever it might be. So yeah, and I, one other thing I'll say about that is I think part of that comes down to the ideas that you choose, the business ideas, if you're going to get started. For every market that you're interested in, that you're excited about, maybe you're excited about crypto or excited about, you know, whatever it is, there's a continuum of like capital intensive businesses to capital light businesses. And I would suggest for many people, they start capital light,  initial business model. So yeah, that's the kind of thinking that I love to spread more out. And I think that as you do this project selection or market selection, it's a huge determinant of whether you're going to be successful or not. And your point about based on what market you choose can determine a lot about, do you need tons of capital or can you kind of bootstrap and drive some cash flow? One of the things that you've done over and over again is you take these like, I'll call them highly  going down in order to get to that goal. Yeah. So like one thing is we, I like the idea of, of not worrying too much about a massive total adjustable market and said thinking about a minimum viable market just initially at least. So like, you know, maybe I want to build, um, you know, take the real estate example of business. Now, like maybe we want to build the largest commercial real estate, you know, news and media business. Um, but, and then we even want to eventually get into software and do other things or provide a ski resort.  from that. And then we formed another joint venture and a separate LLC. And this is one that I love to think about is how do you structure separate, separate LLC so that you can, if you don't want to dilute your initial company, you can still do ambitious new projects. So like, you know, maybe you get like the pop brand going and you've got this, you know, profitable engine and you decide like, you know, you want to build, I don't know, the pop hotel chain. And, uh, that appeals to all the kinds of people who, you know, are into the pop brand. Well, you could start another joint venture.  initially get some cashflow going in and a brand coming in and how do you hire those first five employees? And one other thing I'll say is I was talking to an entrepreneur last week and he was going to start like a new kind of like a community for techies and he was going to raise a million bucks and I asked him like, well, how do you know how to price this? He was going to charge like 300 bucks for this product. And he was like, Oh, you know, it seems like the competition is like, you know, this much. And so I'm going to charge, you know, 3300 bucks to come in a little cheaper.  It's not like, you know, by accident. So yeah, I don't know that those are a few thoughts on that. And so one of the things that you've talked about in the past and I think just really nails at home is like, what's the purpose of all of this, right? So the systems, the operational efficiency and excellence, the bootstrapping versus venture, like it's this idea that you've talked about where entrepreneurship gives you the freedom  A lot of people not super happy working in banking and private equity was working these crazy hours and was found it just not as rewarding as I was hoping. I was on this track that it was super appealing that everyone wanted to get into in college and I finally arrived at Carlisle. It's one of the top E firms and I really wasn't that satisfied. I didn't see my family a lot. I couldn't pursue my hobbies anymore. And I wasn't really working on something  is not just about getting rich financially, it's also about gaining freedom, the freedom to self express, the freedom to set your hours, the freedom to pursue your interests and have time for family and friends as well as your business and your team, the freedom to work with people that you love working with. And so I think entrepreneurship is this amazing vehicle for being able to achieve that sort of freedom. And I think the key is to avoid some of the traps of growth  Like, am I going to have enough to pay the bills as I'm building this business? Can I take care of my family that I hope to have in the future and retire? And all these questions that plague all of us. And so I was very focused on like trying to mitigate risk as I grew the business and try to ensure that we would have enough cash to weather storms and things of that nature. And so you've obviously spent the last number of years building businesses.  it seems like, or there's now more of a gray area because you literally own Powder Mountain and you guys are selling real estate there, but just talk a little bit about capital allocator versus operator. Yeah, I think there's a tremendous amount of power and being able to, if you really understand both, and I think a lot of startup people don't really understand private equity, and a lot of private equity people don't really understand startups. If you understand, if you consider the intersection of those two things, then you can do some really powerful things.  equity firm, he takes the brand and he builds a hotel brand using the Baccarat name. So buying the Crystal Company in itself was a good buy. He bought it at a decent valuation. And then if you could grow that brand over time, as more and more consumers in places like China are becoming middle and upper class, Baccarat is going to grow. But at the same time, he took that brand and did something new with it. So he launches a new vertical that's a hotel brand.  the brand and the license. He's making money for the private equity fund on both the Bach company and the new hotel development. He's got a partner who's handling the day-to-day of building that hotel, so he's leveraging his human capital, so to speak, instead of having to build all that internally. He's playing in all the different components of this. He's able to do that because he really understands everything from brand and design and operation to also understanding capital markets and structure.  And then the brand of the mountain strengthens the brand of the summit community and the summit events because more people hear about the mountain, more people want to come to the events, more people hear about the events, more people want to buy a piece of real estate at the mountain or just come out and ski. And so you're kind of starting to leverage all these different things. And so I think that's a really, there's interesting ways to approach like, you know, building businesses in this way. Yeah, it's really interesting when you start to think about the importance of IP,  and leverage that brand to make money in a whole new way, in addition to having all their multimedia platforms. I think a lot of people could do this. Even on a small scale, I spoke to a guy recently who was manufacturing pickleball rackets and selling them on Amazon. Nice profitable company, doing a half a million a profit. It's competitive on Amazon, so he was growing, but it's hard to grow. There's more and more competition every day.  again, leveraging your brand and your operational expertise to play. He could also do that in a separate LLC. He could join venture with another entrepreneur. Let's say he doesn't have the time to build and manage a new company. Well, another way to go about it is he joined ventures with someone else and they launched that and they run and they've got skin in the game and they pay him a royalty or they give him 30% of the equity in the business. I think there's a lot of different ways to skin the gap.  you do and kind of how do you think that business could be improved? Yeah, so I love Tony Robbins business and I went to my first Tony Robbins event last year. Super impressive, incredible business, huge following, you know, diehard fans and you know, it's largely monetized through conferences or root seminars, you know, where thousands and thousands of people gather for five days and they learn a tremendous amount and you know, but one thing I noticed is they just kind of go home and they listen to free stuff that he puts out and  a support group for one another to help each other achieve your goals, both personally and professionally. In the case of Tony Robbins, maybe even spiritually. I think that could be a super sticky product. His audience would pay at least five grand a year for a product like that. YPO costs 10 to 20 grand. These are like 30% EBITDA margin businesses. Vistage does over $100 million in profits, sold to private equity. That's one extension that he could sell as people are leaving the  of mental wellbeing. And then people end up on those pages and he could be an affiliate marketer where he's driving traffic to different products around that space and taking a cut through Leijo. He could build a premium subscription newsletter like you've done, of course, and an online community, kind of like Trends by the Hustle where people meet in a private Facebook forum as part of that premium subscription and share tips and share notes on how are they getting and managing life.  not only does it have like a radio station, I think XM Sirius and of course, his concerts, but he started a senior living development brand where if you want to live the margarita lifestyle as a retiree, like, I'm sure tons of people would love to live that lifestyle, you can move down to Florida and live in one of his senior developments and live in this like really cool culture. So I think Tony Robbins has this huge following  a way of thinking, a way of life, right? And they feel part of their identity is attached to that. And when you reach that point, you can apply it in so many different ways from a business perspective, right? Yeah, I think someone smarter than me said, focus on psychographic instead of demographic. And we've certainly seen that with Summit. Like we have people who are kind of like gray hair millennials, if you will, who are 65 years old, but when Summit's coming in,  and get a lot more out of it, out of your following. For sure. Another business that you've talked about is VaynerMedia, which is different but has some of the same elements as a Tony Robbins type business. What are the thoughts around something like a VaynerMedia or media agency? So agencies are traditionally kind of like, they're challenging businesses, they're lower multiple businesses. They only grow through adding employees typically, because every time they get a new customer, they need more bonds.  they should have been hoot-suiting. I'm sure still come out with a great software product and just leverage their huge brand and following. But another thing they could do too is launch a venture fund. I think Hawk Media did this in LA, our Kubermans company, where in addition to having this agency, they have access to so much deal flow. They're seeing so many problems that need to be solved and they're helping so many startups. You can launch a venture fund with a group  get the best SEO for those sites, you might as well buy those sites and roll them up. If you roll them up and take them public, you could even take advantage of the public markets right now where multiples for public companies are higher than private, typically, with specs and everything. You could have an amazing outcome rolling up blog sites, let's say, if you're an SEO specialist, or if you're an e-commerce agency, you could do this where you're rolling up e-commerce companies like Thras is doing.  What company has a thousand people internally like Vayner that's got all these experts that they could deploy and leverage? I also love events, obviously in a post-COVID world, I think Vayner could create a huge social media agency. I love how Salesforce launched Dreamforce. I used to be so jealous of, I'd go to Dreamforce and be like, you're kidding me, this software company is a more successful events company than my company and I'm a full-time events company. I forgot what it is.  using them to kind of scale. So I think one of the disconnects is like, oh, if you're in the agency business, like then most people think you just have to stay in software, right? They don't understand, you know, actually, and Gary's kind of done this a little bit, I think, in terms of he's bought some companies, right, and then try to use the expertise they have online to scale it. We see guys like Tyler as I listen, I recently listened to him, Sam Parr and Sean Purry talk through. Basically, he's just buying up peer-winding, poor stress bar, whatever. And he's like, hey, I'm better at the internet.  go buy a physical product that's sold on Amazon, sold through Shopify and Ecommerce, and leverages not only his following, but he's got this sticky, diehard psychology around what he's built and he could leverage that to promote a brand. I think someone who does this really, really well is Golden Hippo, Craig Clemens' company. They fly under the radar, but they are this holding company that is behind a lot of direct-to-consumer brands.  customer service and build the freight formula. Maybe they buy an existing cardiology product that's already out there and they use this famous brand and then they spend a bunch of money on Facebook and build that brand even further. They've absolutely killed it with this strategy. They don't all work. I think they're almost like an incubator. Some of them fail, but the formula works. I think a lot of people could do it. Obviously, you see the Kardashians do this. Anybody who's got a brand  I've always wanted someone to create this. I love what Walt Disney did with his brand. I mean, it's just insane if you look back at what Walt Disney did, it's just so inspiring to take a cartoon brand and think, oh, I'm gonna go buy thousands of acres near Los Angeles and then eventually in Florida and build a theme park. And I think Disney's a great example of all these things. They bought companies, they spun up other brands, they leveraged their brand,  that most Americans aren't as familiar with. And it's like this really cool experiential theme park where there's just tons of tour buses showing up every day with tourists who want to go see, how is mozzarella made? And how is beer brewed? And so you can imagine a huge theme park like that. Maybe they put it in Orlando or outside of Vegas where there's already a lot of traffic and they get this awesome culinary experience. And I think Whole Foods has got the brand to do it. I think other free brands do.  maybe Amazon is playing this game of vertical integration. They just came out with a wearable, you know, last couple of days that is going to check your health and fitness and all this kind of stuff. And like, I mean, it's not hard just for them to immediately now start to hook that in with what food you should order. And then through Amazon Prime, it gets delivered. Like you just start to put all the pieces together and almost feels like some of the larger companies are doing this. Does that take away the opportunity for smaller companies or is that just a sign that like there's so much opportunity that, you know, whether you're large or  And so, you know, there's this huge moat that you're building. You know, Buffett says, you know, buy moats, don't buy companies. Like, you know, Apple has got this amazing moat. Amazon has this incredible moat. You know, Salesforce is doing the same thing. They're buying all the companies that they can kind of channel right through their software, right through their sales team. And on top of it, they've got, like I mentioned, the trade show. And so, you know, you turn to them for everything CRM. And next thing you know, they launched customer service and you know, you're immediately going to look to them for that.  someone else say and I think it's in a really interesting space where I've been spending a lot of my time recently. There's all these companies out there that are like 300,000 or I always say 50,000 of profit to two or three million that for the most part the big PE shops or even the mid-market PE shops, they really can't spend their time on these. They just don't move the needle for a fund. But they do move the needle for an individual entrepreneur who's trying to make a half a million, a million a year, two million a year.  And so, one nice thing about buying companies instead of starting them is you get the advantage of the leverage. The power of leverage is, as I know, it's enormous. The returns that you can make under capital when you only have to put in 10 to 20% of the equity. And I think one thing people, a lot of people in the startup world don't really understand is joint venture waterfalls. What is that? Explain that to people. Yeah, so instead of thinking of pre-money, post-money, convertible notes,  Then I, as the entrepreneur, who did all the work, found the deal, put it together, worked in the company day to day. I then get a kicker. I get a sweetener. Somewhere between probably 20 to 50 percent extra percentage of every remaining dollar of that business. If you buy a company and you hold it for 10 years and you buy four times multiple, in the first three to five years, somebody on how much you grow the company might even only be  you know, you can even put all that into a holding company, which then has, you know, enterprise value across all of these things. You could take the holding company public. So anyway, there's a lot of things you can, there's a lot of things you can do with structuring that. But, and I'll say one other thing about this is, uh, there's this concept that there are the largest generation in American history are the baby boomers and they're retiring right now, right? Like my parents are 73 years old now I'm 37 and I'm the first year of the millennials. I was born in 82, I think maybe I'm a second year.  So there's a ton of opportunities now to buy these baby boomer businesses. And the other benefit is a lot of these boomers, they didn't really understand online marketing. So maybe they're running an HVAC business in Ohio. And they've had a reputation with their customers for years, but they've got almost no presence on Facebook. And so you can buy this company, which has a great reputation, great employees, maybe even has a bunch of good surveys on Yelp, but they're not