 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have Morgan here. I'm extremely excited about this mainly because I don't think there's a single thing that I've ever read that you've written where I've been like, wow, that wasn't worth my time. So thanks so much for doing this, man. Well, thanks for having me. And maybe that's a dare. I can try to see if I can write something next week that would be below your expectations. But thank you. Just waste everyone's time.  childhood, particularly in my teen years, because myself and a lot of my other ski racing friends that I was growing up with, we didn't go to high school. We did this independent study program that was designed for juvenile delinquents, which we were not. We needed the time during the week to ski and to train and to travel to races. So we didn't have any high school. The independent study program was like, I took a couple of tests. And when I was 16, they handed me a diploma. I did nothing for it.  start at ground zero in college with the most basic. The first math course that I took in college was literally like, this is a negative number. And when you add a negative number to a positive number, it was the most basic you can get. So that was a struggle for me. But I still just grinded it out. And it took me six years to graduate college. So I was older than my peers, which I think was good because I took it more seriously. And I always knew throughout that time that I wanted to go into investing. Investing just fascinated me. I didn't know  banker. Of course, that's not true, but that's what it felt like to me. I quickly realized I got an investment banking internship in my junior year, and I realized that it was just pure hell. It was just awful. The culture of it, the hazing aspect of it, the shut your mouth and work till 4 a.m. aspect of it, it was so antithetical to everything that I wanted to do, but also the culture in which I'm able to do good work in. That quickly ended, and then I needed to do something else in finance.  10 years and just fell in love with the process of writing. I've always been fascinated in investing, but writing was something that my first year or so at The Motley Fool was the writing part I didn't like. It was hard, it was work, I wasn't any good at it, but I just slowly started falling in love with the writing part of it, not just the investing, but just the process of sitting down and thinking through a topic and being like, what is a unique point that I think is interesting? How can I explain that really quickly in a fun way with a story? How can I get my point of  I'm a writer now, but I aspire to do something else. I didn't really know what it was. Many years ago, I started out to get my CFP. I didn't get it. I abandoned that, but it wasn't until the last couple of years that I've embraced with both hands that I'm a writer. And this is what I want to do. This is what I love to do. And it's what I'm always going to do. So a lot of people are probably not familiar with The Motley Fool. I grew up in North Carolina and so ended up meeting a lot of people who had worked there or kind of new people there.  fall in the dot com crash, but they survived. By the time I joined in 2007, it was very much an established 13-year-old corporation with several hundred employees. It grew while I was there. I think today, it's maybe approaching 500 employees, something like that. I won't get into the business metrics, but it's bigger than you think. That's what I'll tell most people. It's a thriving business. The whole business is newsletter subscriptions, subscriptions to stock picking products.  in a place that has a culture of stock picking or a bent that leans that way, and that's not your game. How do you navigate that? How did you find what you thought was your angle on finance investing in the markets? For me, it actually meshed fairly easily because to me, my whole investing, what I'm interested in, what I think is most important is investing behavior. Just your ability to think about risk and greed and long-term thinking  was applicable to everyone. So even though I may have seen like kind of an outsider there, I think the stuff that I wrote about, it was still hopefully helpful to other people who were, who were investing in a different way. So you mentioned the psychology of money, which is a amazing softball for me to bring up. You wrote the book, the psychology of money. Um, I've read, uh, almost two thirds of this already. And, uh, this is the only book people have heard me talk about books on here before. Uh, one, I don't really like reading physical books. Normally I usually do audio books.  question because I wrote the book in the same way that I write that I write on a daily basis. When I first started to set out, when I was first outlining the book, it was going to be 10 chapters, which is kind of a normal length book. And each chapter would be four or five thousand words, which if you're not familiar with word count, a normal blog post is probably 800 words. So four or five thousand words is that's a lot of it's a lot of material. And it's and four to five thousand words is not a length that I have a lot of familiarity with. I don't have a lot of experience with that length. So it was  50 pages about this one point and keep making repetitive examples of it. And I just wanted to abandon that. So rather than writing 10 chapters in which I would ramble on, I said, let's write 20 chapters and I want to make my point quickly. Like since it's a book, there's more depth than a blog post. There's longer stories, there's more research and information, but I really want to make my point, make it as succinctly as I can, and then get out of your way and move to the next chapter. There's one chapter in the book that is 400 words, which is like one page. And I think that's probably my favorite chapter in the  It's very concise and kind of jam packed with information. The topic, the psychology of money, timeless lessons on wealth, greed, and happiness. Why that kind of focus versus the plethora of other ideas and things that you could have written about or that you have written about in the past?  like what we can do about it in the future, like what were the causes of it? What were the incentives of it? And to me, the causes of the financial crisis cannot be found in any economics textbook or any financial textbook. They're found in psychology textbooks and sociology textbooks and history textbooks. Like how people think about greed and fear, that kind of stuff, that is not something that lends itself to the analytical side of finance, where all the attention goes, the analytical side of economics. It's just a, it's this soft kind of mushy topic  lose your mind during boons and busts. That's why the psychology side of money is not the only important part, but I think it's the most important part because it can neutralize all the other analytical parts of investing. To me, it's always been the most important. I also just think it's the most interesting. It's not just a bunch of dry numbers and charts. Its story is about how we behave as people, which applies outside of investing. The introduction of my book is called The Greatest Story Ever Told.  I'm pretty sure the data has come out now that most of the people who panicked and sold were older folks, right? Who basically were trying to protect their portfolios and all this kind of stuff. And they basically sold at 15, 20% down. And then also the market turns around and kind of rockets through. One of the things that is kind of a consistent theme, I think, in your writing is basically like almost preventing yourself from yourself, right? Or protecting yourself from yourself. Talk a little bit about kind of the psychology aspect, you know, just like you are  questions. Is this stock a good buy? Is this asset allocation smart or not? Obviously, everyone has completely different expectations and goals and whatnot. If you watch CNBC and they're talking about, is Microsoft a good buy? Is this a stock you should own? Well, are you a teenage day trader? Are you a 90-year-old widow? It's completely different. We rarely talk about finance like that. It's always spoken about one answer to things. You could even bring this down to, I think, one of the  Well, maybe they know something I don't. So maybe I should go all in to these ridiculously inflated stocks or any other asset, real estate, whatever it is. And then long-term investors start taking their cue from short-term traders and then everything goes to hell. And it's not until hindsight that you're like, look at the people, like let's take housing for example, let's not talk about stocks. But if you look at like condos in Miami in 2006, a huge portion of those were just being flipped every 30 or 60 days. And so those were just short-term traders.  telling you. Well, if you're playing a different game from other people, then this, the signals it's giving you might be perfectly rational and good information from one person and completely dangerous nonsense to you. And it's so hard to separate that in real time, but it's so important to understand what your own goals are, what game you are playing and try to only take cues that are relevant to that game and those goals. I love it. Psychology of money, timeless lessons on wealth, greed and happiness. Uh, one of the most popular questions I got when people knew you were coming on is,  And then it goes through like the process of getting it printed, getting inventory sent out, getting everything like it goes from the printer to the distributor to the bookstores to Amazon. And like, it takes a while to get everything turned around. Can people go to Amazon and preorder it now? Yes. Okay. All right. Everyone go preorder. It's a fantastic book. Highly suggest. Uh, before we get into more of the kind of free stuff, I want to thank you for coming. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here.  is  so much feedback and I had so much volume experience, I was doing it so much, that I think that's the best way that you can learn is when you have a lot of repetition and a lot of constant feedback, you put those two things together and then over the course of 10 years, of course you're gonna gain some sort of skill. If you have those two things and you don't get better over 10 years, then there's something wrong with it. So that's where I learned to write. I write a lot less now. I only write one article per week now. And the process now is,  That's 90% of the work is just kind of aimless reading, aimless going for walks and thinking, sitting on my couch and thinking about things. It doesn't look like work, but it is. It's trying to piece things together so that by the time I actually sit down and write an article, that's like maybe 10% of the actual work. It doesn't take that much time to sit down and write it. And the other thing that's true about the writing, and this is true for I think every writer, if they're honest about it at least, is that when I sit down to start writing an article, I really don't have much of an idea of where it's gonna go.  Writing is the way that you think. Writing is the process of getting your thoughts out there and crystallizing these vague thoughts that you have in your head. So that's really, there's not much more to it than that. It's just a lot of reading, a lot of thinking, and then just kind of grinding through. It doesn't get any easier over time. I think the actual writing, the actual clicking the keyboard gets easier over time. Crafting a sentence gets easier over time. But piecing things together is, I don't think I'm ever gonna run out of material, but it doesn't get easier over time.  that I want to put together in it. Does that help you kind of avoid any sort of writer's block or do you still get some of that? The most important part about writer's block for me is this. If there's one metric that I know of which is going to predict whether an article I write is going to do very well, it's how easy it was for me to write the article. If I sit down to write an article and it just comes out so easily, I just hit the keys and like first draft is perfect, those are the articles that are going to do really well.  And I think that's a really important thing versus just struggling and working so hard on a piece that you know is going to suck. And then you put it out there and it's going to hurt your reputation. No one else is going to do it. And I think that's a really important thing. And I think that's a really important thing versus just struggling and working so hard on a piece that you know is going to suck. And then you put it out there and it's going to hurt your reputation. No one else is going to do it. And I think that's a really important thing.  I think people are really just looking for recommendations in terms of what does Morgan think is high quality content that maybe I could read as well. Let me start with what I pay for. I pay for Wall Street Journal, New York Times, The Economist, The Atlantic. That's it. Yeah, that's what I pay for. Those are great. Those are great for news, like capital and news, journalism, which is really important, but you're not going to get the really nuanced take from that stuff. Those are good to get your facts about the world. The takes I get, which is the really important part, virtually  I read books about all kinds of topics and I read articles about all kinds of different fields, not just economics and investing, but politics and biology and history and biographies, like all kinds of different stuff, a really wide filter, but then the type, sorry, a really wide funnel, but then the type filter is again, just like writing, I think I can triage really quickly when I start reading something within a couple sentences to say, nope, nope, this is not, this is not for me. I'm out of here. It's either bad writing or it's about a topic that I just, it's, I'm not interested in.  as I possibly can and move on from that stuff as quickly as possible. I love that. You mentioned earlier investing in index funds while being in this culture of stock picking. Maybe talk a little bit about how you think about your portfolio construction today and how you choose to get various exposures just so as we talk about more of the nuanced financial topics, people understand the perspective you're coming from. Yeah. I've written about this a little bit in the past, but my entire net worth  that if I dollar cost averaging the index funds and I leave them alone for 30 or 40 or 50 years, I'm going to hit every one of my financial goals and then some. Therefore, to me, that checks all the boxes of what I want. I don't aspire to be the world's greatest investor. I aspire to be a great writer. That's what's important to me. For me to go out and beat the market averages this year and maybe I can keep that going for a couple of years, that's just not important to me. It is important to a lot of  I've just embraced just as part of my personality that I have a lower risk tolerance than a lot of people would for my age and income and net worth and I'm okay with that. I don't try to fight against that or try to you know, change who I am. This is who I am. Like for most people or not only about most people, but a lot of people are age, Anthony, would be what matters to them is like swinging for the fences, making a lot of money. And what really matters to me more than anything is that I can go to bed every night and look at my wife and look at my children and say,  actually not debating. We just have completely different goals that lead them to a different area and they're playing a different game. I think that is a very rational view of the world and one that is missing quite often, especially in, was it 240 characters? That's right. Hard to share that nuance. Talk a little bit about, you have relationships with, and one of the impetus for this question was, you know many of the best investors in the world from a pretty objective,  One is, to me, there's really not a lot of temptation because of what I just said about what is really important to me is just thinking, if I can dollar cost average for 40 years, then every one of my financial goals is going to be met times 10. For me, there's not a lot of just temptation of like, oh, I can go do that. To me, the idea of, hey, if I invested in better funds, I could earn higher returns this year, to me, I would almost put that in the bucket of, yeah, if I got a second job, I would have more income this year.  goals, then why would I want to do something else that's going to be more complicated or more risky? I think maybe that's a big part of this. If there's one part of my and my wife's personal finances that I'm most proud of, it's that we have gotten the goalpost of financial success to stay pretty stable over time. I think for a lot of people, the goalpost is always moving. When they have higher income, better investment returns, they get a big windfall. If the goalpost moves in tandem with that, then you never feel like you're getting ahead. For us, the goalpost  my great investing friends to try to get ahead. But since I don't, it's just like what I do now checks all the boxes that I need to. Yeah, it's pretty interesting. Like if you almost think of it like a percentage basis, the difference between 120 and 130% of your goal, just how much extra effort would it take to get that extra 10% seems to almost not be worth it in some cases for some people, right? Right. I mean, I'll give you one example. I won't get into the details, but we got  the board that doesn't. And I love that moment because that was the best indication of like our goalposts has stayed steady in a way that we're totally content with. It's not like we're holding ourselves back and saying we would rather go out and spend our money on this, but because we want to be frugal, we're going to, we're going to deny ourselves that pleasure. If we can actually legitimately remain comfortable with the goalposts where it is, I think that is how you gain actual happiness with your money. Cause now everything that we save, since we're not spending it on stuff, every dollar that we save is just like a little bit more  kind of think through financial planning, right? There's a bunch of people who've come on the podcast in the past and one person in a relationship is well-versed and spends all day and kind of like, it's almost like their occupation or related activity, the other does not. And so kind of how do you think through almost this arbitrage of information, right? It's not even education as much just like somebody's reading all day about something and somebody's not. So how do you kind of, you know, fit that into the model  life and the number of spending disagreements that we've had. I'm sure there've been a couple, but I can't think of any. It's always been really pretty eye to eye. That's a huge component of our personal finances. The other component is that she is much smarter than me. She has a high school diploma. She went to high school, unlike me. But just like leaving that aside, she's much more analytically intelligent than I am, but she has no interest in our finances whatsoever. To the point where like once a year, I have to sit her down and walk her through where we keep everything  So after, so there's no like, okay, we're going to spend X and save Y. We spend on whatever we want to, but what we want to spend on is not a huge portion of what we take in. So after we spend whatever we want, then a dollar cost average into index funds, the same amount every month, max out retirement funds. And then there's been some differences over time. My wife was working for a long time now, she's staying at home with our kids, so that income went away and then we just bought this house. So there was a big  kind of the Fed and a lot of the quantitative easing. You tell me kind of maybe how you just holistically look at there was this public health crisis. Obviously there's a government mandated shutdown. Kind of a lot of uncertainty and chaos in March starts to ensue. The government steps in. How do you look at from once they stepped in to today? Like what's transpired and maybe kind of the frameworks you use to just think through this? I think I mean, I'm surprised as much as anyone  market. We're talking about indexes like the S&P 500, which are heavily concentrated in a very small handful of stocks that are doing very well right now, because even with the pandemic, their businesses increased. Amazon, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Apple, those companies, even though we're looking at a diversified index, that's everything. That's all that matters over time. If you look at certain industries that are much more tied to Main Street, small companies in certain sectors, they've been demolished. As you would expect to happen during a  going to look more appealing at ridiculous interest rates today with 0% rates than they did 20 years ago when you could earn 8% on treasury bonds. Of course, that's the case. That's why value investing hasn't worked in the last 15 years is because when your discount rate is so low, then what a company is going to earn this year does not make that much of a difference. It's what the company is going to earn over the next 20 years. That really matters. That's why even this year, where if S&P,  2008 and a lot of the repercussions that were so obvious to people that have always been just around the corner have not played out a collapse in the dollar or hyperinflation right around the corner things that made a lot of sense to really smart people in 2008 haven't played out and I think if people are not honest with himself about asking why did those things not have not played out why have we not turned into Zimbabwe like it seems so obvious in 2008 then if you're not asking those questions and I think you might be missing a big part of of Fed mechanics  It happens after wars when their factories have all been bombed into rubble. It happens in places like Zimbabwe when the government confiscates all the productive assets or Venezuela when the government comes in, the only productive assets in the country, the oil fields, the government confiscates them, runs them into the ground and they can't produce anymore. That's when you get inflation risks. And I bring that up because 2020 is the first time that we've seen in a really long time, maybe the first time in modern American history that we've seen industries  have a ton of demand and not a lot of goods because the hotels are, I've gone bankrupt. Airlines aren't flying like they used to. That's when you could get legitimate inflationary pressure. So it's not just about what the fed is doing or how much money they're printing. It's about the fundamental health of the economy. And the fundamental health of the economy is more broken now in 2020 than I think it's ever been in our lifetimes. How does something like this morning, Jerome Powell gave a speech that pretty much people, I think have been rumored to have  Or do you think that it always stays as a relationship between the demand and the goods?  You can't just bring all those workers back. You just have a higher structural level of unemployment like we did in 2008. So is that gonna, is that, like that would of course lead to like lower demand, but now you have both the Congress and the Fed, I think learned after 2008, what you can do with stimulus and whatever limits they thought there were to stimulus before 2008, kind of like the Milton Friedman era of like of, you know, low government intervention, you know, Fed needs to, needs to be careful.  totally different view. Same with the Fed. When Ben Bernanke was cutting interest rates in 2007 from 5% for 4%, people were saying, he's being reckless. He's being reckless. Now the Fed is out buying corporate bond ETFs. It's a totally different world. I don't know if we can look at the new world. I think people need to accept and acknowledge that that is a new world. Policymakers have a totally different view of where the ceiling is than they did even a decade ago.  then goes to shit. So who knows what's going to happen from there. But maybe we have, to some degree, we have knowledge now that is going to allow us to better manage declines than we have before. And maybe the cost of that, the risk of that is we're going to have more frequent recessions or deeper recessions when they happen, more damage. Of course, there's going to be a downside to that. But I would not rule out the possibility, just from what we've seen in 2020 so far, that we are living in a completely different  Obviously, the ding against 6040 right now is that the 40 in bonds is almost certainly going to lose money to inflation over time, which of course, that's a big factor that we shouldn't just poo-poo. There's two important counters to that though. One is that if you look at the long history of 6040, and you're looking at 100 years of data where the 4% withdrawal rate rule came from in a 6040 portfolio, all of that data set includes a period right after World War II going into the  years, but there's a long history of that. The other thing that's important is that we probably got spoiled in the 80s and 90s and early 2000s with this idea that bonds were a place where you can earn a good income, not just a little income, but a great income. 30-year treasuries have outperformed stocks over the last 30 or 40 years, a long period of time. People probably got this idea that the 40 in your portfolio, the bonds are also an income generating, wealth creating engine.  you are pessimistic over time, that you're pessimistic about where the economy is going to go and you want some diversification. To me, it is actually like why you have that is because you are so optimistic about your stocks. You're so optimistic that your stocks are going to compound over the next 20, 30, 40 years that you want to make damn sure that you never have to touch them. By having 40% of your assets in bonds or cash or paying off your mortgage, like having that as the equivalent, just makes it so that you are lowering the odds that you were ever going to have to touch your stocks. Charlie Munger says,  the long run and live through the long run. And the way that you're going to do that is making sure that you have enough safety and cash and liquidity to get you through the short run. The short run is always a chain of decline and disappointment and loss and businesses going bankrupt. And every year there's a huge news story about something going wrong in the world. Every 10 years the world breaks, whether it's COVID-19 or 2008 or September 11th, every 10 years the world comes to a screeching halt and things start falling apart. But over the course of  for a long time, like almost by definition, that's the reason that you do that is to avoid some of the bigger mistakes. But before I started doing that, I, so here's one that I think is interesting. I read like a lot of people, Ben Graham's the intelligent investor over time. And I think the first edition he wrote in like 1934, the last edition was updated in like 72, something like that. So let's say the latest edition is like 50 years old, something along those lines. And in his book, a lot of the reason the book is so popular is because he gives practical  where Buffett's early gains came from, this finding stocks who are trading so cheaply, they're trading for less than their net cash value. And so I started doing that when I was a young investor and none of it worked. Most of these companies went bankrupt. It wasn't that they didn't perform well, they just went poof. And I just realized a lot of what was going on is that that strategy worked during Graham's days. It worked during the 1950s. It does not work anymore because during Graham's days, you had good, high-quality companies,  for timeless wisdom, a lot of the things that he believed and practiced during his day don't apply anymore. And it's hard for people to accept that because we want to think that investing is like physics, like how the world worked a million years ago is exactly how it works today. But investing is not like that. The strategies that work over time evolve. And it's hard to balance this idea of, am I just falling for the latest trends or have trends that did work for a long period of time