 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Mark here. Thanks so much for doing this, man. I'm super excited. Thanks for having me on the show. So I'm Mark Nadal and I'm the founder of ERA, which has about 30 million monthly active users on our decentralized database and cybersecurity protocol called Gun. We got some pretty legendary investors behind us, Tim Draper and Mark Benioff of Salesforce, as well as  talk about your background and kind of where did you grow up and then how did you eventually get into technology and what you're doing today? I've had the bountiful privilege of growing up in California, San Diego. So I've never known what bad weather is like. And that has given me a very different view thanks to just the affluence of the area of post-scarcity. So I do look at all of the existing models of money, finance,  The power of the internet is to connect to people who need to be connected, ought to be connected, and should be connected, but are distant and apart. So the internet is this kind of vital transition, and that's kind of the evolution I went through in myself personally. I was focused on ideas and philosophy and mathematics, but without being able to apply it, I couldn't have any impact on the world. And so I jumped into learning how to code, and very quickly, we got some publicity and press, and my centralized subscribers fell apart.  to power that system. And so I got interested in decentralized technology for the sake of resilience, efficiency and scalability, but it's also been a wonderful journey of discovering all these other perks and benefits and, you know, censorship, resistance and components. So that's kind of in a nutshell. I could do hours of talking on just that transition and growth, but it's why I'm passionate about the internet. I think it can impact humanity and why it's extremely important, not only for financial reasons,  database would be an important piece of infrastructure. Whew, that was about a decade ago. It was a collaborative web design tool called Excelsior. There is an old all things digital interview of me showing off the technology. So you can see my transition from then to now. And these days it's called low code, no code. It's a very popular movement. And I'm kind of a little bit jealous because it's like, oh, like that,  that it's 2010, 2011, and you would think we can auto scale, right? No, no. Just having 300 signups on our website crashed our MongoDB database instance, web scales, developers call it. And I just spun up a huge machine for the in-between to make it last, but those sleepless nights of getting pager calls at 3 a.m. and debugging what's going wrong,  And I couldn't agree more with you in terms of the positive impact and kind of net gain that the world has had because of the internet and kind of the everything from increasing the rate of communication, increasing the connectivity of kind of the human nodes in the globe, to literally just making us more efficient and kind of better informed and all these things. But there are problems, right? And so maybe talk a little bit just about how you see the, I'll call it the legacy centralized internet and kind of what those problems are  And the handshake problems is a step back and then I'll apply it to the internet and your question is when you're at a business meeting, how many individual business cards get exchanged at that conference? Such that you're only exchanging one business card for each person that you're meeting. And most business people will know there is a high advantage to kind of speed dating, right? You want to get as many cards as possible to see what the opportunity is. So that way then later you can follow up with a particular value add or proposition.  unless you get people who bump into each other and they discover they have similar competing ideas and they're able to engage with each other. So before the internet, you only could bump into people in physical meat space, right? And that's why a lot of people are attracted to cities. In fact, like you literally have a geographic density in order to increase people as particles bumping into each other to get this type of spark. Hopefully that rather than  industry of what computers were supposed to be into things like Uber and Airbnb is happening because Airbnb is saying, you know, the value added is not in the taxis that we actually own. Okay. It's in our ability to do a matchmaking algorithm across the network. So there's kind of two trade-offs. You have venture capitalists who have a large network that's very  quick, rapid economic transformations that different markets Uber compared to Facebook, but that are almost a threat to the overall capital allocation is the company is saying, hey, what if the value is our network itself and how we recombine it to find and produce more value add for everybody in the community. And I predict actually, and I'll end this in my ramble,  there for it and all the rest of my thoughts. Yeah. So as you kind of think through that, right, there is an argument that the lack of ownership by a single individual organization is no longer a nice to have, but has become a necessity in this new world across different applications. And what I mean by that is I continue to think a lot about this theme of centralization  to the market. There's the consumer market, there's the lobby market, and there's the nation state market. So depending upon where you care to invest or put money or think about, they definitely have different scales. So I want to first state that we're still transitioning into the internet era. And that means that like any money and investment still put into, you know, fame, it's still a lot of the world that we're transitioning just onto the cloud and centralized internet style.  an intended pair transition that only innovative organizations are thinking about. And it's important because you got consumers all around the world and you did get the coordination consistency of having Google fame, being able to centralize things. But now most of these companies are realizing, Hey, like the only way for us to compete in the market now is to just like have slightly faster websites than our competitor. Cause that's going to explain this because I think there's a lot of people who are listening who  billing users eventually trickled back to that server that then processed information, saved the data and pushed it back out. So this can be seen incredibly with big frustration when you're traveling at an airport. You go up to TSA and to print your ticket and it's like, oh, enter your flight number. And it's like, oh, let's wait 30 seconds. We're like, oh, shoot, good thing I have  and security reasons why you might do that. But that doesn't mean you can't say, hey, we know somebody who's gonna be faking your passport is not gonna be coming from Australia if you are flying out of JFK, right? So edge systems is about saying, hey, well, we know that we can actually push that processing, that logic down to that terminal in JFK itself, or let's say a data center that's running in the back pipes somewhere  everybody else in the market that they're competing with. And they have slightly faster experiences that whether the user is cognitively aware of it or not, psychologically adds up over time to creating the retention that sticks them on that app rather than others. Would it be fair to classify or kind of describe edge computing is obviously got some aspects or elements of decentralization to it, right? You're literally pushing it away closer to the end user for performance  in operation. Effectively, every single block, there's the winner that controls that block. And so that means you still have to be connected to the internet, to the network, to the blockchain in order for things to resolve. So blockchain doesn't necessarily resolve that airport example that I was getting. However, it does resolve the ownership or the equity or the financial side of the equation, which is incredibly, incredibly important. So there's decentralized  I.B. and Oracle, these SaaS services, these internet as a service, these are just taking our code and racking in millions of users and making money. And so then it transitioned to, oh, we own the gateway. And one of the brilliant thing about Satoshi is he came along and said, actually, if you own the seed to the network, you get the benefits of both without the operational complexity of either. And that's fundamentally profound from an ownership  then it doesn't matter if people fork your code or spin up a competing Bitcoin, like nobody's going to use it. It can be completely open source. You can literally shovel the source code to your competitors and it doesn't matter because it's the network that is valuable. It is the network that's valuable. So talk to me about this idea of resiliency versus efficiency.  it expose a US-based company to less resiliency because obviously when a global pandemic happens, the second that other countries are affected, you now don't have control over your operations. There's all these issues. One of his main messages was, hey, we are going to go back to a more balanced view of we need efficiency, but we also need resiliency. It can't just be all efficiency, no resiliency or all resiliency, no efficiency. There's got to be some balance there. How do you think about that when applied to the decentralized  not even necessarily product efficiency. It would be a lot more efficient, right, to have the market that you're selling to, let's say primarily the US historically, and London, Europe, selling your market, but the product's already there. Because then it's just more cost efficient in terms of you don't have to ship the items or the damage that happens in that logistics process. But that was the kind of the win for Apple is they realized  that claim the regulatory gain, that lobbying market and the kind of government level is more about resilience than it is about efficiency. But that kind of just depends upon what your scope you're dealing with. So maybe maybe I should just skip past and tell me the question again. Yeah. Talk a little bit just about the trade off between resiliency and efficiency, especially when it comes to the decentralized web. And the perspective here is there's a lot of people who say, Hey, it sounds great to have a decentralized internet, but isn't that going to  But if you want a master planned economy, like, okay, I can't argue against that. But in all other categories, like down to the physics of biology, ecosystems, the universe, mass distribution, markets, free markets, business operations, and the efficiency and resilience is just the way that the universe has played out and how humans, like even your brain  company is more efficient and less resilient? What is the end goal? It only has to do with what the goal we're trying to attain is. So if it's profit, no. No. Hiring engineers in San Francisco is expensive. And the COVID transition is certainly showcasing that. There's plenty of extraordinary talent that's been around for a whole  which means they're definitionally not the cult. But I, sorry, I'm probably throwing you. I love it. So yeah, the question, I don't even know how to start because I so fundamentally disagree with the basis of the question that. So tell me about in terms of the decentralized web, right? Why is this important? Okay. First of all, I want to start with,  kind of creates a lot of like political, ideological, and religious division between people, which we can go into if you want, but that's very philosophical. I think what's gonna be more applied is talking about the market transition. And the internet originally was founded on this idea of academics being able to collaborate from afar, which think about that, like that's almost a dangerous idea because  that going, thanks Tim Berners-Lee. But suddenly that exploded, right? Suddenly that exploded to businesses realizing that they could collaborate online and then humans realizing a corporation is just a body of humans, literally from the Latin. So then people from a social standpoint realized that like they might get along with friends on the other side of the planet rather than in their neighborhood. That goes back to my kind of bully comments from earlier.  Over history, there's like RSA animate like one of those Ted Really cool. I recommend people watch it. So but again, that's like more the philosophy stuff and the transition between Ideologies and nationalism and religion and philosophy over time. Um but now right like we just take this for granted which is We have friends from around the world because we might get a better relationship with him because we vibe with him  and how there's these onboardings that happen of larger and larger populations anyways. So I'm always trying to appeal to this historical narrative and understanding the transition. So the importance of the decentralized web is the exact same thing that's playing out in the case of like the governments and the corporations and individuals, okay? Where value is going to accrue and build  system. So the importance is primarily the humanitarian transition of us being able to empathize with more and more people over time rather than bipartisan byproduct competition that capitalism and socialism kind of drives this this this forcing function this winner takes all which then ultimately boils down to two competing factions that then drives  capitalism, there is competition of that monopoly and it boils down to two companies. And then also same thing happens in politics, boils down to two sides because that's the fastest way in a zero sum system where you have this kind of balanced lever going back and forth, they can do it out with each other. It's the most efficient way. But unfortunately, both sides are fundamentally playing the same game. They are on the same side.  want to go against the system, flip over to whatever the opposite is. But what a lot of people don't realize is that the opposite side as a company is usually owned by the same parent company as the monopoly. And then the same thing with the government and politics stuff. Like it's all voting extraction in the same way that money is money extraction. And what's the answer? What's the solution? Yeah, the answer is these network effects, which is you don't want to reward people based off of  non-zero-sum economic model. And it honestly, this happened with the internet, but nobody knows how to measure it. And the way you actually measure that Ibita or the value of a company, I argue, is looking at the handshake problem and calculating the handshake of that network effect. That is the maximum potential value that can be unlocked from a network if it is utilized. However, most of these companies  efficiency, resilience, it's everything. As a young kid growing up in the 90s, I was sad that I wasn't born a little bit earlier to partake in the internet revolution and be one of those pioneers. But now I'm realizing that the most exciting transition that humanity is going forward was that the internet was just a base nervous system for us to start with. And now we have the opportunity for the first time in like 2000, 3000, 4000,  help me understand what exactly you guys are building. And also let's talk a little bit about why this is like a integral part of the decentralized kind of tech stack. Cause I think one of the, the unfortunate things is there's a lot of people running around saying that they're building decentralized products or networks. And then you're like, wait a second. You just run it on like Amazon AWS. Like how are you decentralized? Right. Or my favorite way to pinpoint decentralization  the blockchain initial. So theoretically, a government could shut down Bitcoin by scanning the old IRS channel for all of the IP addresses and URLs of peers saying like, hey, we're part of the Bitcoin network. Those lists you can get pretty easily in Blacklist, which is not good for the network. And then you could theoretically also shut Bitcoin down and dangerous Ethereum comments here by contributing code to  Let me explain two layers here. There is blockchain, right? Actually, I care about providing like comprehensive understanding. So the decentralized world is actually broken to this microcosm is broken into three camps. Blockchain, crypto and D-web. Now, most people apply crypto  can then contribute back to society and build up profit, which then is reinvested into the larger now. But like the values of blockchain really is greed oriented in an Iran sense that they should have used a better word than being selfish. And then D-Web is honestly about freedom or inclusivity. It can kind of go both ways and say that those are fundamentally the same thing.  Okay, but the applied use of this technology is actually extremely beneficial for companies, existing enterprises, as well as individuals, nonprofits, and governments. So from like a business perspective, I'm saying this cloud edge market is a larger bubble, is a larger market share to attack than necessarily this ideologically purist view.  And so I'm just desperately trying to keep up with these nonprofits and enterprises that want to get that type of radical efficiency gains. And underneath, I then feel ethically okay that while maybe I'm transitioning a existing centralized service into being increasingly more decentralized and resilient, that also on boards all of the users of that service  type internet, I have to then be practical in saying, hey, we're actually going to give you 70% cost savings under existing infrastructure by switching over this technology. But that means the bar is much, much higher because now my technology is and has to be continuously battle tested at a scale that's significantly, significantly larger than what most blockchain  What is there certain verticals? Is there certain types of businesses or individuals that you're just like, this is where we're finding the receptivity? It's an interesting one. So it's definitely a power rule. You get thousands of people that come into something and then honestly, it's the one, the 10, the 100 that have the impact. So internet archive is this incredible nonprofit. Please go donate to them. They did the pandemic response where they opened up their library for medical textbooks  as well as some of the other D-Web protocols are helping transition ideally the backup of that data off onto just random laptops running around the world, even phones in our case. Now, there's certainly a different reliability guarantee, but it's increasing the resilience. And so I'd say that reliability can possibly go down  of public domain movies and decentralizing that as well. My technology was not, I did not originally intend to build it for video services. Gun as a database was intended for small data points like GPS coordinates that are updating hundreds of times a second in a decentralized network or tweets, small pieces of data, metadata like information and syncing that in a network. However, Mozilla just came along and said,  So lately a lot of the use cases been around video. Um, I think that's important. It's not what I'm like in goal passion about, but it's helpful. The next company that's using, or I should say startup is a YouTube alternative and they are aware, probably a big chunk of that 30 million monthly active users are coming from. Um, I don't really want to say their name because, uh, being a YouTube alternative  So we were testing with them like, okay, how do we manage 4 million monthly active users and distributing their load and their costs, which I think that they were open about, but it can disclose. Like they have credits with Google for about $4,000 a month that they're getting charged for 4 million monthly active users. And we were benchmarking comparable performance where we're running on effectively $4 of quote infrastructure costs.  you is in your network and you can then spread the load across the network, but you have to have a priority, a large, a large network. And there's plenty of other examples I could talk about that those kind of the four biggest ones. Um, again, like usually it's a handful of users that represent the majority of the traffic, even with like 12,000 developers had to start our project. There's, there's lots of interesting, um, one off developer projects, but they are definitely not the scale as these, uh,  your local area, Wi-Fi, and actually even probably larger stuff because IOT is going to be very important with mesh. You have self-driving cars that should literally be bypassing cell towers and emitting their signals or GPS coordinates for doing things called dead reckoning for a pre-calculating where cars should drive and to not collide with each other as self-driving cars start to talk to each other. That is all mesh-based and that is geographically and bi-on-  part of the reason why our technology is able to scale so well is you intelligently kind of detect whether the packets or messages in the network are intended for an external network. In which case you don't rebroadcast it to everybody in your local area. You do a pathfinding algorithm to discover what is the fastest and the most efficient way of communicating that information. And that keeps it scalable because you effectively  to New York. There's many different states you could drive through. There's many different combinations and there's a more efficient route that you can drive through. But what if there's a big massive toll, right? Like smack dab on the most efficient route, there's this wall there. You might want to take a longer route and drive around and see different countryside. So you can think of routing communication and internet as being the same thing. And the goal is now like free market  It's all about getting all these people in a network to agree to the same protocol, to have a more resilient system, but achieve the same efficiency as a centralized system where it is optimally possible. Got it. And so help people understand like what is the best way for them to think about, you use this terminology like database for freedom fighters, right? And kind of like, before we kind of get into the  freedom, fairness, and fusion. I never really thought about fusion before because I'm Western and fusion winds up being strongly Asian and I honestly don't know enough about it yet but I know that that's something that has to be all on the table and if I ignore it I'm not being appropriately objective. Freedom is just like classic right? American, like you know. Fairness is where you get a lot of European values as well as progressive left values which is like we're focused  Ah, this is a danger. So if somebody works hard and builds a company, they believe that the merit and the reward should go to that person, not distributed across the goal. That what is fair, what is just, what is equitable as the person who did the work gets the results. And the same thing with respect to crime, right? If somebody commits a crime, then that person should be individually punished.  and only 1% or 20% of people have it and 80% have this wealth divide. But where this gets like particularly intersectionally toxic or fascinating is then around like justice, police brutality is terrible. We need to immediately stop it. But then how do you reconcile like, oh, is burning down other people's houses or businesses or government  to China and Russia, which are the other kind of driving cultural influences. But yeah, okay, sorry, what was the question? The idea of the database for freedom fighters, like where exactly that is kind of prevalent and kind of what that means. I would argue it is hard to have justice and fairness if there's  fairness and fusion for larger scales of people without it becoming corrupt. You need freedom as a foundational component. And ignoring any political process of that, just technologically, that's a nuanced detail that impacts all humans. So yes, if we all were using Apple computers or IBM servers or Amazon servers,  USPS and the post office system, right? Which is like, well, I want options of being able, who can I mail through? Right? Um, the more free market competition that exists. So, so the reason why I called it gun is because historically and yes, still in the present day, um, wars were fought with bullets and the danger there is around who can amass the most guns, the most bullets.