 All right guys, bang bang special treat today. I have fight guy guy here. What's up, man? What's going on? What's going on? Thanks for having me. All right. The first time that I came across you, uh, I'll just, you know, mindlessly scrolling through Twitter. And then all of a sudden I saw, I think it was a music video with a fire beat. And all I remember is you were just trolling about oil going down.  and like has kind of kept me interested is not so much like you know the club type music. I just love you know the people that are like truly poets that know how to take a concept and know how to talk about things in a way that you know using metaphors and similes really engaging people you know through music and in a way you know for them it's a craft and there's people that are phenomenal at that craft you know Nas, J Cole. I look at these guys as like they're genuinely poets you know and I grew up like listening to them and I did it you know my  been like suppressed a little bit. I've been so focused on work and I was like, I gotta get back into this. And I'm like, I'm in New York City of all places. Like if you can't get into it here or try to make something happen here, you're shot, right? So there was this freestyle group, you know, a couple blocks down from me in Union Square and a buddy of mine saw their video and he's like, you gotta go check this out. Literally went there from work. I had like the typical like midtown uniform on. I have like a dress shirt on dress pants, like a vest. It was like the middle of October.  I work in banking now. There's not a lot of things I can talk about that are typically in rap songs that anybody is gonna resonate with if I talk about it. What do I know? What world can I blend? I kind of just fell into the, starting to blend finance into rap and enough people kind of gravitated towards it to where I've been keeping it going and luckily I've had a lot of fun with it so far. All right, so what is this group? It's just like in the park and people just play a beat and then literally it's just a bunch of folks standing around  And kind of like the coolest thing about it, honestly, is it is these people that are like have such different lives that you would never think had things in common, all interacting together. People from Europe, people from why Color America, people from blue color America, people from the suburbs, people from urban areas. Everybody's there because they love music and they share this passion. And it's awesome. And people are just feeding off of each other. You know, someone brings up an idea, somebody else talks about it, it morphs into a new idea.  It's called Stocks Droppin'. So this guy, Jack Harlow, made this incredible song, it's gotten platinum, he's remixed it with Lil Wayne and everybody, called What's Poppin', right? Song was trending, it was one of the top songs in America, the beat was absolutely phenomenal. And it was a peak COVID, when they basically declared, New York City, everybody's working from home, right? I was like, this is the perfect opportunity to make a good video, there's so much going on. And I basically remixed What's Poppin'  people don't talk about. And I think, you know, everybody wants a representation, right? And so there's this huge corporate world, finance business world that obviously has an identity that has interested music. And so I think parlaying those two together, you know, really touched on, you know, a niche that I think people are into and it really kind of galvanized, you know, the momentum of, Hey, people like this, you know, and I've kind of kept going and luckily it's come well so far. When you created this song, it's you and a friend,  and went full on music. So like audio engineering, producing, which is good for me because now I have someone I'm super close with who's plugged into that world, right? So the first song we did, it was COVID, couldn't go anywhere. I had no equipment. I literally recorded just the audio, the vocals on my phone, right? Like in the iPhone record. He's enough of a stud where he was able to take that, put that on top of the beat, do all of his layering and whatnot to make it sound decent.  It definitely beats the audio quality of a cell phone. So, you know, got a microphone, got some better equipment, and I can do it now in person with him. So I think that's been a big help, and I think it shows the quality. And then, you know, I've worked with a guy now that shoots legitimate video to try to help the quality of the videos. But I think there is something about that, you know, kind of hits people in a certain way when they can just tell us like a backyard production, you know, just kind of put this together like with $5. That kind of hits.  And I think that you're right in that that resonates well with people when they when they just see like, oh, the quality of this is just like, oh, I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. I  money. And his parents like what the hell you doing? He's like, I gotta take the money. I'm gonna make this video, I'm gonna produce it. You know, and he put, you know, not crazy budget, bar mitzvah money type budget, you know, into it, went to bed, woke up and had a million views on YouTube. And then you know, that thing's been the same since. Crazy. Yeah, insane, insane. And I think, you know, he hit it at a good time where everybody now is trying to make videos and there's, you know, the market is definitely very saturated. You know, I think he  related but is it to educate people? Is it just to make hot songs? Like what are you optimizing for? Totally. You know, I think I definitely started it to try to have a good time, right? And you know, even going to like that freestyle group, you know, it's funny, like people can kind of get a sense of like who you are, you know, what you do, what you stand for. And like when you kind of touch on those things, people  people fucked with it. So I always kind of kept that in the back of my mind. And so I was making these videos and they were all fun. And I was trying to figure out like, okay, do I appeal to like high finance? Like I think the how crude video was like, you're talking about Contango, you're talking about storage, supply and demand, your late person doesn't know that. And I kind of thought, with the attention that it gets, the people that listen, like maybe there's an opportunity here to parlay the two interests, parlay the rap,  My you know, my thought was let's take this classic song that everyone knows about and kind of tailor it not towards high finance But towards you know, everybody right and what I've observed in this whole process Is there so many people that are highly educated, you know, they're they're employed. They've graduated universities. They have masters They don't know basics about Investing they don't even have any money invested. They're like, yeah, I just had my money in the savings account They don't know what an ETF is a mutual fund like basic  right now.  of why that is more of a trending topic is because the wealth disparity now is enormous. And I think a lot of what people are realizing is what you're driving that disparity is not people's salaries. It's whether they're investing in financial assets, the way that the stock market is driving, the stock market growing is increasing people's wealth in a way that your paycheck or your salary  The point is you just got to start with anything. You can start with $10. If you can find someone that knows some of the basics, you just get started. You don't put everything in at once, but you learn like you do with anything. You start off slow, you don't put a ton of capital at risk, but you develop a plan. I'm going to put X amount a month. I'm going to buy the S&P. Once I'm comfortable with buying the S&P, maybe I'll diversify internationally. I think for people, it's just getting started. I've seen firsthand  I've been hyper focused on, you know, starting young is at so many benefits and, you know, and kind of having that in the back of your mind, you know, creating a plan and trying to stick to that, you know, it can, it can literally change your life, you know, over, over time. And I think more people need to need to know about that. Yeah, absolutely. And talk a little bit about, you know, you mentioned how you're creating the content, where are you distributing it and kind of where have you seen the most receptivity in terms of is it YouTube?  inherently, it's more text-based, right? Instagram is highly visual. But I've started to send out to YouTube, started to send out to Twitter. But a big thing too is I want to create songs that are just songs and put those on Spotify. But I think in today's day and age, I really do think it's a multidimensional approach. But for what I've been doing so far, I think it's resonated the most on Instagram for sure. Got it.  The biggest thing that we do is like, we'll like take Ubers, like if we're going out doing whatever, we'll take Ubers. And we're always like, all right, let's put a beat on this, put a beat on. And like, it's not fun to just sit there and rap alone, right? So I try to get everybody comfortable. I'm like, look, doesn't matter if you're good or bad. Like the point is like, like anything, just, just try to figure it out, right? So it's funny. It's like friends that are like not about it at all, like over the years, I got it into it to the point where like, well, we will be in a car. Let's take four of us and like,  I feel like, you know, I help them get better. They help me get better. And it's just fun, you know, it's fun. I think the hardest part that people have is not necessarily coming up with the words, but it's figuring out how to kind of like flow and ride on a beat. And that just kind of comes in practice. It comes like listening to some of the guys that are the greats and like anything, you know, there's a pattern. And once you kind of figure out the way that beats are constructed, how does like, you know, you know, music  And he gets all excited about it. And I think that, you know, other people around kind of see that too. So he's calling you after the shower while you're at work, telling you what wraps he just hit in the shower. Yeah, exactly. He's like super hyped. I love it. So, you know, it's great. That's awesome. What's, what's your goal, right? In terms of where do you want this to go? Is this something that you're like, Hey, you know, I want to blow this up and have come kind of a full time focus. Is it something that you just enjoy doing on the side, but you know, see kind of the, the, the,  And kind of helps you parlay that into, you know, excuse me, into the finite guy stuff. So I think it'd be great to kind of try to balance it too. Ultimately, what I kind of envision it in an ideal world, you know, would be creating a platform that is, you know, focused on music, but that kind of branches out beyond that, you know, it's having conversations like this, where the music is kind of the draw, you know, and hopefully I can make songs that people genuinely, you know, listen to and enjoy. And they don't all have to be  David Solomon, who's a CEO of Goldman Sachs, EJ DeSole. He's commented on one of my videos, he's answered some DMs, but I think I can get to a point where we can do something together. I think that'd be the pinnacle of like finance and music. And that'd be awesome. I'm gonna hold you to it now. I'm expecting a DeSole fight-eye guy charity concert when all this is over. Trust me, I'm trying.  I think I got turned onto rich because he posted from like the trading floor, uh, like a fit T, uh, photo. He had like the fit T, you know, like the Instagram models do. And he was like, yeah, like, like basically, I think I made it right. Or whatever. And I guess his daughter got him to do it. Uh, it was like, dude, the CEO of Jeffrey's is doing 50 posts from the trading floor. I was like, that's pretty cool. Yeah, of course. Well, because I think also it's a, it's the authenticity and it also just shows like, Hey, look, you know, these folks aren't kind of,  What exactly, like if you could just wave a magic wand and kind of get any message across, what do you think that is from a financial education standpoint for our firm as well? I think it would probably be, you know, there's basic financial principles that are easy to understand that every person should know that can radically increase your quality of life, right? I don't think finance needs to be  And you know, knowing that is too small. You know, the key is just to get started. Yeah. I think it's a great piece of piece of advice. And then what's kind of the next step in terms of, we talked about your ultimate goal and kind of where, what's the next step down that path? Is it just creating more content and getting it out on platforms or anything in the works that the people should be aware of? Yeah, I think for now, you know, the focus is on, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the  you know, that have resources and to work with them to kind of further disseminate, you know, not just the content, but to kind of disseminate the information, right? I think it'd be great to get to a point where, you know, it's, I want to get invested, you know, how do I get started? Is there anything that, you know, is a good thing for me to do as I'm getting started and to be able to point them in a good direction with people that are happy to work with them. Yeah, that's awesome. I told you to bring some music. You got music for us?  Okay.  tell my boss before I go on some basic education. That is fantastic. It is very obvious that if you could do that and teach people, people will pay attention. Yeah, thanks. Yeah, go ahead. No, we're gonna say, No, I was gonna just say that I genuinely appreciate you know, you having me on and you, you know, reposting the videos on Twitter and helping to get the word out there and spread the content. So, you know, listen, I told you before we started,  who's got the music kind of background and is talented and can kind of produce good content. But then you also need people who understand finance, right? And so there's probably not that many people who kind of have that overlap, which is a great kind of path for you to blaze. Before I let you go, rapid fire questions, man. First up, most important book.  to endure, you know, some types of pain, challenge, suffering, no matter what you see online, everybody goes through that every day. Right. And I thought that was just awesome advice for how to deal better with, you know, all the turbos that life throws at you. That's a great answer. Aliens, believer or non-believer? 100% belief. There's just too much out there. There's too many planets, too many suns, too many solar systems for, you know, the pieces not  And then he connected us, which I have no clue how you two know each other, but of course Tom knows you. Yeah. Visual friend from from college. Got it. And then what question you got for me to finish up? Let's say, I guess, what is your, what is your biggest motivation in what you do? I have my personal motivation and I have like kind of the reason why I do everything that I'm doing. Personally, like I just enjoy it. Right? Like, you know, I always try to be like,  the bigger motivation of why this stuff. I just fundamentally believe that educating people on the way money works, how the economy works, and just personal finance in general is probably the number one thing we can do to create a more equitable world. You can do all the philanthropy in the world. I just don't believe that that's how you solve the problems. I think it's by giving education to people and teaching them the fish is a major piece of that. Then you got to restructure the system, which is why I'm so interested in Bitcoin.  DM or message that you've like received on any of your platforms. That's a good one. I mean, there's like absurd can be defined many ways. Like there's the like death threat type stuff, right? Which is like pretty absurd. I'm just like, what? It's like there's that stuff. Lately, I've been getting lots of please, sir. Can you send me, you know, $500 in Bitcoin? And you go and you look and it's like a handle that's got like 17,000 numbers at the end of it. So it's just like obviously a bot.  I just been like, what planet am I living on? Like, like legitimately, like what planet am I living on? And they're absurd because it's a reminder, not so much like, like I don't get like star struck, right? Instead, it's the exact opposite. It's just like, it's a reminder that we're all on the same playing field, but the internet is a great equalizer, right? And so it's just like, you've got an account, I've got an account, and so does everybody else. And like, it doesn't matter who you are or whatever, like you still have quote unquote access to people.  on Bitcoin versus the billionaire. They're all the same. They all just have an account. They come from super different walks of life, like all stuff, but it's just like the internet's a great equalizer. So I think that's probably when you're just like, whoa. That's awesome. Yeah. I think even Gary V touches on that. It's like if you were in the eighties trying to get in touch with some billionaire, you'd have to call their secretary, call their agent. Your call will never get through. But it's like now you're on the internet, everyone has their profile, and you can theoretically get a message from anybody.  I've been starting a newsletter to try to again, combine rap music, you know, insights, news, etc. So you can subscribe there as well. And I'm on Instagram, YouTube, Twitter, as the same handle. So awesome, man. Fideye guy. I love the name. You're crushing it. Thank you so much for doing this. Thanks for having me, man. Really appreciate it.