 All right, guys, bang bang. Jack is back. What's up, dude? What's up, man? How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm pumped. You're killing it. You're killing it. For those that don't know, Jack is the founder, CEO, boss, brains, whatever we want to call it, of Zapp, which is the makers of strike. We are a proud investor.  app and our flagship product strike is really booming in popularity. It's a Neobank of sorts in the fintech space, very similar to Venmo or Cash App, but it's built from the ground up to be interoperable with Bitcoin and the Lightning Network protocols, which gives us a lot of efficiencies and gains in the payment space. Explain that. So when you say it's built kind of bottoms up to be interoperable with Bitcoin and Lightning, just highlight that a little bit or elaborate. Yeah.  to replicate that model, but use Bitcoin and Lightning as it's a more efficient money rail. It's a value transfer protocol that's inherently global, it's inherently cheaper, it's peer to peer, and it's an open public standard that's collaborated on by thousands of participants on the internet. And so we can do a lot of payment, whether it's remittance, brick and mortar, online commerce, rewards, we can do that all likely much cheaper and much faster as long as I can get your bank  These efficiencies have existed in Bitcoin, the asset class, for a decade now at this point. The problem though is it required a laundry list of you got to be a computer scientist, technical expertise, you got to incur capital gains when you spend it, you got to deal with volatility, and it really priced out a mainstream user or a mainstream business or whoever to really act on this asset class. And so we abstract that away.  hasn't really prided itself on UX over the last decade. And then I think we bring serious value there outside of the obvious technical innovation.  when you click pay. And it's really, really dead simple. We abstract all that. We can get into the live trading and sort of the fanciness in the background. But the point is that mainstream users can now benefit from what is the greatest value, peer-to-peer value transfer that's inherently global that human race has ever encountered. And as far as our numbers, I mean, we launched our beta 45 days ago. We've already exceeded over  program. So we're flying at high speed. I think we've got some of the most talented engineers in this space. And yeah, good things are happening, man. Lightning works, Bitcoin works, and StrikeWorks. So I think the haters may be upset, but we're pretty happy with how things are going. Every time I talk to you, there's always new products and more progress, which is usually a good sign. Lots of people wanted to know about KYC and then various states that you can operate in, can operate  Bitcoin is a speculative asset class. That's been what's attracted most users to date, right? Is that if I buy this thing, I hold this thing, I get richer. And that's not far from the truth. And so the most successful businesses have been those that offer that service. However, we're very different. We use Bitcoin almost as a utility function. So we're like a quasi processor and regulators were really thrown off by us. I remember calling some of the biggest  shut down? No. And so I maintain relationships with these people at the end of the day, they're human beings. They mean no harm. And so what we've deployed is a tiered KYC. So in the beginning, when you download strike, you can enter your email and your phone number and 75% of the time that's going to be enough. And you're able to use the service up until certain limits. And then as you use the service and grow as a user, we'll need more and more and more information. These limits aren't hard coded. In fact, they aren't even a strict law. Again, we kind of just  great strides. So, you know, doing best we can. And you call this tiered KYC? Yeah. So we break it into two steps. There's light KYC and what we consider full KYC. Light KYC gives us enough information for our banking partners and regulators to feel like they know relatively you're a real human being, you exist, you're not a terrorist, and that you can make consumer level payments. Because at the end of the day, we're not  address because you are you are spending a lot of money or what's your birthday. And so this is an active conversation. I mean I used to be an engineer all day all night. Now I'm a suit that just happens to prefer a hoodie. But I spend all my time talking with regulators really grinding them down into what they're trying to accomplish explaining lightning to them and get hopefully get these limits removed and get them comfortable with the idea that Bitcoin as an infrastructure piece is going to play a part in payments. And then that doesn't mean  You've done a fantastic job going and meeting with these regulators and really translating kind of the things that I think people in the Bitcoin community know and understand and are excited about to, I'll call it regulator language, right? Or kind of adult language if they were saying it. But ultimately, I'm assuming that these people are not excited about this, like you said, kind of brains in a pretzel, but they seem to be coming around. And to talk a little bit just about as these conversations have progressed and you've gotten to know these people,  over the US dollar and a strong relationship with the Federal Reserve, I'm talking about local state regulation. The risk it poses to them is getting them fired and getting them in trouble and ruining their reputation. And so what they can't have happen is give someone like Strike a lot of leeway and have that backfire and have Strike end up funding the next terrorist attack, and they're fired. Everyone's in the can. Bitcoin's reputation is down the chute.  world countries by trying to pick up a Western Union check. I think that I can solve that problem. And they really understand that. And as soon as I can explain the technology, give them a demo, have them download the app. No one, no human being wants to be an enemy. I think part of being a human being is the opportunity to be part of something bigger than yourself. I think everyone in the Bitcoin community can relate to that. That's one of the beautiful things about Bitcoin is no one is bigger than Bitcoin. And it's really great to be a part of this thing.  Talk about fees and how strike makes money. I saw a lot of people tweeting saying, how the hell is this possible and how do you make money? Yeah. Well, how does Square make money? No one charges the consumer. There's no native business model for the consumer. For you to offer P2P payments or even if you're a Visa, your debit card, you're not charging the guy who's buying the coffee. He's already paying for the good or service.  money, I think you guys can all answer that question yourself and I'm a trader. So we also handle all of our own flow. So we're very similar to a Robinhood and sense is that we handle and live trade consumer retail flow. And then, you know, there's all sorts of sub industries and payment space like remittances. I think right now our main priority is finding target market fit and ensuring that this product is here to stay, that it scales and we understand the landscape and where we can drive most efficiency. But as far as business models go,  the fact that you guys all prefer to send payments over strike and that you enjoy our service and will continue to deliver to you for free. But that is as honest I can be with you without giving away the secrets that are worth millions of dollars at this point. So. Don't give those away, Jack. You had a, at this point, what is called Epic and viral thread about Ethereum and Vitalik, et cetera.  to great lengths in certain categories. My problem is, there's a few things I have issues with. One is that Ethereum is an attempt, it's an experiment with no technical backing as of yet to date. There's no proof that what they're trying to do is going to work. And so far, it hasn't really worked. However, the marketing is the example  to Bitcoin in that same sense, in that they claim that the Bitcoin developer community is malicious and mean. They claim that Bitcoin is slow, that Bitcoin isn't cheap, and they really use Bitcoin to self-market themselves. And I think it's selfish, and I think it really, I mean, I myself have spent my entire adult life and career in Bitcoin, and I don't think that it's fair. And I think  this time it's DeFi. Yeah, I think that is happening. I think that there are people that are knowingly lying to retail investors and securities industry, that's a crime. And I think that they have no problem conveniently blasting individuals in the Bitcoin space like Greg Maxwell and Bitcoin, the project, to their own personal gain. And I take that personally because I've dedicated my life to Bitcoin. I really, really don't appreciate that. So that was more or less my quandary.  because it's decided to be decentralized, to be censorship resistant. So as far as I'm concerned, there has been no technological breakthrough to provide censorship resistance and a decentralized property faster and cheaper. And this is not up to debate. This is just math. And so for example, for some blockchain or cryptocurrency project to advertise themselves,  or you are dangerously idiotic on the topic. Either way, not good news. And so I guess without ranting more, that's what I mean is that sure, there can be blockchains that are faster and cheaper, but let's take the decentralized and censorship resistant labels off those. Do you mind? Because they can't accomplish them all. And I know that for a fact, it's just computer science. And it would take 10 more Satoshi white papers to the level of brilliance  Could you shut it off? Yeah, right. Like, oh, you could? Okay, that's not decentralized, right? Like, that's the whole point is if there's like a kill switch, it's not actually decentralized. It's not censorship resistant. It's not, you know what I mean? Like all of these examples. And I think that we're now getting to the point, like, there's a, there's a very real argument to be made that if Ethereum was found to be a security, if Ether was found to be a security and was told to shut down, could they shut it?  intuitive that it's a massive investment opportunity and it's a technological breakthrough that should not go unnoticed. Fair enough. However, to the ability that someone can understand why it's important, how it works technically. I mean, there's a large gap between there. You're getting everyone between high school kids and, you know, 70 year old grandparents that are opening Coinbase accounts and wanting to put money in this asset class. Do they know the difference between a full node and a light client and what it means to be  Do you want a centralized party like a regulated entity, like a SEC or something, saying what should and shouldn't be allowed and what shouldn't isn't sufficiently decentralized? Probably not. So is this the best way to go about making an efficient marketplace in this industry? Maybe, but it's dangerous and it's dangerous. And a lot of people are going to lose a lot of money and they're innocent. And so that sucks. It sucks to see.  lifting the limits within the protocol. So talk about being responsible with your marketing and responsible with your rollout. Lightning had really severe limits. So you could not open a channel bigger than 0.16 BTC. You cannot send a payment size over 0.042 BTC. And those limits now are lifted because the protocol has proven to be secure enough and reliable enough and still wouldn't pour all your money into it. We'll do that as  between consumer retail payment activity to large traders having private relationships with exchanges and doing live arbitrage with $100,000 lightning payments and millions of dollar size channels. Everywhere in between. I mean, it's really, I think it's a huge deal. And I think over the next six months or so that'll be the big narrative is getting more and more capital on because these limits are lifted.  in the liquidity space, arbitrage opportunities, settlement between familiar counterparties. I mean, it takes a long time and it's generally expensive to settle between these exchanges between, I mean, liquid network, for example, that Blockstream is working on. I mean, that's a solution valued in hundreds of millions of dollars, right? The capital that's backing that and the brains behind that and Lightning has a chance to achieve that potentially even better.  for free. And then I think the next step is going to be DRW, Cumberland, jump trading, the big market makers in this space are all of a sudden arbitraging over-lightening channels, doing large OTC trades over-lightening. This market is becoming extremely, extremely, extremely efficient, fast-paced and cheap, which is, you know, it's going to increase the velocity of the asset magnitudes.  Uh, the RNR makes no sense in your favor. Not, not against you, but in your favor. I mean, uh, the numbers are once in a generation. So, you know, lucky, lucky to be alive and involved. And smart enough to, uh, define Jack Waller's building this. Perfect. So, uh, last question for you, a more fun one. I know you're a big, big basketball fan. How did you survive the last couple of months without going to play basketball nor be able to watch the NBA on television?  and taking basketball away from me, for example, is one of the things I never would have expected. So how have I survived? Fuck if I know, but I'm still here and I'm standing. So I really hope it doesn't do that to me again. And then the next time I might die. But yeah, I'm excited to play us or back on. Now I'm a Namedeli fan because of BlockFi. And I'm a Spencer Dinwiddie fan, that's fan because of you. And I just, anyone win,  and  on the internet, every handle is just my full name. I answer every DM. And yeah, I mean, I write this at the end of all my blog posts. This community has been so great to me as an individual and so great to the work I've done and the company that is Zapp. So I appreciate all your support, the feedback. I read every customer support ticket. So I really, really appreciate it. Doing a great job, man. We'll do it again soon. Thank you. Yes, sir. Appreciate it, buddy.