 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Alex here. What's going on, man? Bang, bang. Super excited. Thank you so much. Absolutely. All right. We've been meaning to do this for a while now. And you are known for creating the Alex token, which is the first personalized crypto token. The people listening to this, 50% of them are going to think that that's awesome.  background, I spent zero to 18 year old in Paris, you know, high school and everything. And then, uh, studied in the UK, learned English for three years, business management. And then for a year, I tried to start up that failed. It was about like 3D printing platform. But basically my goal in life is to be a founder of tech companies and optimizing for impact. And so once this has failed, I realized that I need to have the best network possible in order to succeed in life. And then I tried to select good industry because I was just going for 3D printing.  So far it is going great. So I've entered crypto last year, 12 months to go. And I've done a lot of primitives on Ethereum. So applications in DeFi, DAO, NFT, and lately my personal token, Alex. And I can talk about any of those, but it's been such a journey so far and super excited. And now like onto my next startup. So yeah, short background. Got it. Let's just dive right into the Alex token. I think that's the one that you're probably known most for.  with it and I thought, you know what, this is now and ever do a small token sale of $20,000 in, announce it on stage. And it got great feedback. And then a month later, um, I released the documents to participate in the sale 30 people did. And that's it in two days, it got sold off. And that's where I got a bit of media attention. And it's awesome because I will be giving 15% of my income in the next three years to the 30 people.  and it's used as a utility for my community, are on Uniswap right now because Uniswap is permissionless. And you've got Bradley from Roll On Board, which is the creator of my social token. And he always does that. The team actually stakes a bit of ease to create some initial liquidity for my token. Got it. And so when somebody goes and buys the Alex token today, because they weren't part of the token sale, they don't get a claim on your income, right? Only those investors do.  because successful is different from popular. If I get more popular, the token should have more fans buying into it for the expense that I'm doing and potentially could go up. Anyway, so other than this, I've done Control My Life, which is a quite click-bake title for personal token voting. And so, Ocean Griffiths, a very famous Ethereum developer, did this ERC20 voting thing. And basically, people could stake on my daily habit in July. And so, there was like slowly living off Bitcoin,  to quote unquote control my life, right? You're going to basically, the crowd's going to decide what I do. Exactly. Yeah. And so this happened over a week and at the end, uh, running five miles, uh, one. And so to prove myself on my Alex only telegram group chats, I've gone on to publish trauma, uh, like runs every single day, I mean, five days a week, uh, for the whole month of July running five kilometers. And that was, that was very fun.  A stake in someone's community is amazing. And the fact that people can support me and have a vehicle to support me so early on in my life, and I was in Europe, so I did not benefit from Silicon Valley. Now I'm connected to people in the Bay Area and very young. They can get $100,000 from wealthy people very young to optimize their impact. And so I did not get that. I was born in Paris. And so for me, it's like a whole new vehicle, way better than student loans, way better than other alternatives  like a month ago, which is super weird, like 2020 jobs. But yeah, I'm just keeping this aside thing because it really interests people and I love experimenting. What is a personal token manager? So that person is Cooper Tully and he is a talent manager for artists in Los Angeles. But he also is one of the biggest contributors to the Defiant, which is a new source for Ethereum info. And so mixing those two  And at the same time, just like an artist can focus on music whilst the manager does all the business stuff, same for me, I can focus on my startup and he's like experimenting with my token on the side. Got it. And so, uh, you're young, how old are you? I just am 24. I was playing the young card so long, but now it's like, yeah. Listen, as somebody who's 32 and still gets called young 24, you got a long way to go before everybody says that you're not young. Uh, talk to me a little bit.  you know, product and marketing as a tech person. And this is what I'm driving for today. And I seem to be doing well at both of those so far. And crypto is also the best field to enter because the level of talent isn't still world class. I think Silicon Valley dismisses crypto for now, which is healthy for young entrepreneurs like me to kind of like sharpen the knife in the meantime. So it's like, yeah, so basically initially Steve Jobs. I'm just so fascinated for me. Apple is the best brand in the world.  Twitch was a weirdo streaming himself and then he created a billion dollar platform called Twitch. I think right now I'm that weirdo monetizing myself, but I think every single creator of every type, even politicians I can see in the future could rally that community and that would be awesome. I think artists usually thank fans by saying, I would be nothing without you, thank you so much for being there, my day ones, et cetera, but they never thank them financially. And I think it's longer overdue that  makes sense. So right now, the model that Raul does with me and all the other tokenized people is a 10 million fixed cap that's not going to be inflated. And a token vesting mechanism of $200,000 every single month. And so I kind of cheated on it, like we unlocked a million tokens for like the investor stuff, because that's special. But it's like, still that way. And for me, it's great fixed supply, I can understand because it's only my early fans. And, you know, if I get super famous later,  or whatever the fiat currency is and they'll just want the appreciation of their token or is it something where they coexist? So hey, I still want the cashflow but then I also want the token to appreciate in price too. I think it will coexist but I do think that if you're a huge fan of someone you would love to get as near the tokens because surely all of their products and services will be linked at least maybe as a like loyalty discount scheme. But of course, I think fiat denomination at least is here to stay.  well, no, I do have control. This is an experiment. The control my life thing was clickbait because I'm good at marketing, but it's not actually controlling my life. Then the second thing is people saying, you have too much control. This is 2017 ICO, you are scam, you're going to run off with the money, et cetera. These two points that are negative towards this experiment contradicts themselves. It's nice because it feels like I'm still at the middle right now, but I can see both of the sides going wrong.  It's okay. I'm actually willing to enforce myself some rules, maybe like a buyback program in the future or something like this, or add recourse retractively. I'm really open to keep security high and keep every investor safe. This is a playground. This is not even investors, to be honest. It's more like shareholders of my community. When you say that you're a good person so far, are you planning to not be a good person in the future? No.  But I just want to be honest. Got it. And then in terms of you're giving a percentage of your income, I think it's 15% for three years. If I'm one of those token holders that get that income share, how do I know how much money you made? Right. So we just got this a lot and I won't give my tax return and people will have to believe what I made. And so basically I did it  because it's got sensitive information or what's the thought process to not share that? Yeah, maybe. I'll do it in the future. It's just that I haven't filed a tax return for next year. So it was by a quarter. So I had to do gross income, which is actually more money for the shareholders anyway. Got it. And in terms of those payments and stuff, are you publishing that for anyone in the world to see and just the people who hold the tokens get it? Or is that information that's just shared with the token holders? How do you think about  That's fine. But I probably, I don't want to reveal financial information too publicly on Twitter. And yeah, I think people, if people can dig, they can see, but actually it's quite hidden because it's in the currency that's not actually picked one-one. First we thought USDCO is several coins, but now it's in Alex LP tokens on the ESWEP. So like people are trading liquidity. That's how they pay me. So it's actually a very funny way because although it's public, it's quite hard to reverse engineer how much I made.  Yeah, for sure. I think, and we saw Spencer Dinwiddie, I think he closed his sale. So he's a NBA player that tokenizes contracts. He's the first one. He got some pushback from the NBA, but I think he ended up doing it. I think, yeah, I think, you know, I haven't done this properly because this was the first time with a very tiny reasonable amount, but I think I could see some regulations around it and making it like the kind of new seed investment, the new white combinator. I can totally see that.  There is this small glimmer that I see where people have income sharing via tokenization or something like that. Now, what platform does it get built on? What's the currency? There's so many questions as to how it actually gets implemented, but the idea of just a simple on-chain cash flow, that's interesting. How do you start to incorporate that? Okay, well, if then you can get access to that information, it's easier to... Maybe there's not true corporations.  potential. ISA with lambda school education for software engineers really work. And so we know that if we add the capitalism speculation and financial aspect that crypto brings so easily, it would be great because it would attract more revenue for creators, which are typically a persona that doesn't make enough money and is struggling to monetize. People spend hours listening to podcasts. Do podcasters really get paid for the amount of time that people consume?  this is something where they create tokens. Once they're already a star, they then have a token sale, ICO, whatever the latest vocabulary is for this. But they basically sell the tokens into the market, they hold some back. Maybe there's vesting, maybe there's not. And then they create an economy or an ecosystem where you can only use the LeBron James token to go to his games or buy things in his store or attend maybe movies he produces.  of my merch as Drake, then the superstars, I don't think, unless the first one, I think the first one will have a premium because it is the first one that is a superstar doing it. But I think long-term, the best people that should do a personal token should be B-list celebrities that have potential to go A-list. And so that way, the more potential is the more gains for the people who want to invest in that token. Got it. And is the thought process  You're either out of your mind or you're dead. We're going to find out. And look, and I think there's a lot of people who will hear me talking about this stuff, right? And they'll be like, why are you even talking about it? And what's interesting to me is the more that you get it to like, Hey, I have a currency, like look at this thing that you can use to pay me and do all that kind of stuff, like, and probably not a sort on that, the idea that this is just the next iteration from Kickstarter to ISA is to tokenization of this person  We can't know if it's ridiculous or not, but I tend to think the most ridiculous ideas actually end up being trillion dollar companies. That's why I'm saying you're either out of your mind or you're going to be. Yes. But that's the good part. It's like, it's very rare to find ideas that look really, really dumb and weird. But at the same time, it's like, well, I'm not sure if it's going to nothing or to like a massive world changing thing. I, uh, I think that you also,  You've been building a bunch on Ethereum. Two questions. One is just how much of this are you building versus your leveraging tools and platforms that other people have built? Then we'll get into talking Bitcoin and Ethereum, but just help people understand how much of this is reliant on you doing it versus you're able to leverage other things that are built and they could go do it if they wanted. Right. First, since I'm not very technical, of course, I know basics of coding to be in the space, but if doing means coding, no, I haven't  people, like I raised $50,000 for those lenders, then give out NFT and it's like a transaction to like a multi-sig that holds NFT. And so I've used all the tools available to me on Ethereum. And there's so much positive, some experiments to be done. There's not enough people. I mean, there's so many builders coming to Ethereum, but the space is still so vague. Like I remember one of my marketing technique is like to say, this is the world's first ever.  being built right now, but it will in the future. All right. Then you keep saying this Bitcoin is to Ethereum as email is to the internet. What the hell does that mean? Well, it's because email was the first form of data on the internet and it was one of the best and we still use it and email is never going anywhere. This superhuman and author companies doing some niches, but mostly it's like a free service and it's really awesome that it's decentralized. Then there's the internet, which is billions of  So I'm extremely bullish on Ethereum and the fact that you can create so many different sources of Bitcoin for each flavor that you want, whether it's lending, insuring, borrowing, any kind of usage of value, I think for me, it's really revolutionary. So there's a bunch of people who listen to this that are into Bitcoin. There's a bunch of people who listen to this that are into Ethereum. I will put you on the spot. What are the pros and cons of Bitcoin first? How do you look at Bitcoin? What do you say? Hey, these are the good things, and then these are the bad things?  It's so impressive. This is the future. This is the internet. This is where the next innovations happen. This is where the next superstars are born. Of course, Ethereum any day. You know that you're trolling and you're laughing, which I respect. I'm not trolling. Ethereum is so amazing as a platform. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. We don't trade gold every day, but we use the internet every day.  I'm very sure on the timeline, maybe won't be this year as some people say face your will, but it's going to happen. It's some of the smartest engineers in the world working on this. Like if it's not them, then who? Okay. Uh, well, it could just be nobody, right? And it could just never launch. I tend to, I tend to think that it will launch at some point. I'm with you on that timeline is always the hard part for, for everyone. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not  despite all of its flaws, it's growing so much, especially DeFi right now. So finance under all forms, including tokenized Bitcoin that's growing very fast, makes it really, really impressive and something to follow. So this is just my opinion. Like I grew up like listening to your podcast when I started getting into crypto. And then I slowly started saying like, oh, Anthony is a bit too much into Bitcoin. Listen, we've invested in a lot of things that build on top of  or people who are like really in the weeds, like, oh, that's awesome. But then if you go and you try to get any mainstream user to use, I would argue almost any DeFi product. There's nobody outside of like that small technical audience who could figure out how to use it, has an interest in using it, et cetera. So it's still to me, very kind of technology being built, not necessarily like user-friendly products. Whereas I think Bitcoin was like that at some point, right? So there was a point where, you know, if you, even before Mt. Gox or even Mt. Gox, like there was just  is cashback on Bitcoin, great company. But apart from cashback on Bitcoin, there is no product. None of my friends know how to buy Bitcoin, part of the in Revolut, which is already like a quiet next gen fintech startup. But yeah, I do agree. I think DeFi six months ago was not even $1 billion locked. So that's ridiculously tiny. And so, yeah, like I'm not saying Ethereum is nowhere near yet in terms of products. There's some things going on with foundation and  Silicon Valley has kind of dismissed crypto. Explain that. Yeah, for sure. But this is, again, just like my last argument, DeFi is just way too tiny for Silicon Valley to care. And so this is why. And so Bitcoin is probably dismissed as it's just for people who hate governments and super libertarian and it's not the end consumer. And Ethereum is extremely tiny. But right now it's growing at a magnificent pace. So it went from, I think, $1 million  ridiculous compared to Bitcoin, which is still ridiculous compared to traditional finance. But the rate at which it's growing is enormous. Just like Jeff Bezos, I think he said in the 90s, I started Amazon where the internet was kind of dead, but it was growing at 19,000% a year. And we are at this time. Ethereum is growing at 19,000% a year or something. Maybe I'm exaggerating, but it's growing really fast. And this is the reason why it should not be dismissed.  trustless, right? In terms of on Ethereum, it's not encouraged to run a full node on Bitcoin it is. And from a custody standpoint, Bitcoin is much more secure, much more decentralized, right? So I think the reason why I say that the DeFi and Ethereum community saying that, what it does is it actually allows them to draft off of the market acceptance of Bitcoin, right? There's no confusion or lack of interest  internet flipped gold ages ago. And I mean, yeah, I just, it's inevitable to me. And I don't, but hold on, did the internet flip the global money supply? No, but that's also an Ethereum task. Bitcoin is not the only supply. Bitcoin is digital gold. Why is it not money? It's not money because you can't spend it every day. So that's major of exchange. Is that a requirement for your definition of money?  action volume. So not trading. But the fees, the gas fees actually outpace Bitcoin for Uniswap, which is just one protocol on Ethereum. And the crazy part is that Bitcoin wants to rely on block space value, but Ethereum has more expensive block space value. Just imagine the price of block space value that's going to be much more than Bitcoin when Ethereum flips Bitcoin. Are you making the argument that more people use Ether than Bitcoin right now? Maybe not, but  pieces that adjusted on-chain transaction volume. So if you take out all the exchanges and anything going in and out of exchange wallets, all that kind of stuff. So I think it's coin metrics has this step. And you look at Bitcoin's transaction volume on-chain with all that removed. It's called the adjusted on-chain transaction volume. It is more than the amount of volume that's done on PayPal, Venmo, or Apple Pay last year. So 2019, more people used the Bitcoin network for transaction volume,  make the flippening argument. Instead, what ends up happening is Ether and Ethereum is used for something completely different. Right? And to your point, there's things that people can do with Ethereum that you can't do with Bitcoin. Now, people in the Bitcoin community, I think, would argue that's a good thing, right? And then there's a reason why that's true. I think people in the Ethereum community would argue, know the fact that it does something different is a good thing, and we should continue to double down. So my whole thing's always been both communities and products just double down on what's  And maybe your data disproves that Ethereum is more valuable and more often transacted in volume. But I don't care about today's data, I think in the next few years, this is difficult to happen because just because consumers land, they exchange stablecoins, they borrow, they insure, they stake, they bet, they play, they do so many things. And in Bitcoin, it's like they hold. So I think the data is going to disprove  I always wonder, and I don't know if you know this answer or not, and so whoever's listening to this, if you can figure this out, tweet it, both of us, is how much of that is what I call net new capital inflow? So I took dollars or I took Bitcoin and put it in versus you and I create a token and then we stake it somewhere, right? And that's not technically net new capital inflow. That's like, we created half a billion dollars of market cap and now that counts towards that metric. I don't know the answer, but that would be one of the questions of  And so, I think that's a really important difference because to your point, there's Ether and then there's the stablecoins. There's all these other things built on top of Ethereum. And so, how you count all that stuff, I think, illuminates not only what is the overall growth of the ecosystem, but also what are the things that are actually driving the growth? Because my guess is, let's say that that is $14 billion of growth. There's probably two or three things where 90% of the growth happens, and then everything else is maybe trending slightly upwards.  outside of that see the growth. So I think definitely we are very early in this pool cycle as of August, 2020, but I'm sure that next year there will be retail and consumers going on for those new strategies of investments that are way healthier by the way than the ICO in 2017. So I'm super proud of this. Absolutely. Before we do the rapid fire, which I know you're, you're ready to talk about some aliens help me understand how do you think of portfolio  No, sorry. Maybe like 90% of my net worth is in a long ether on the maker volts. And it's insured by Nexus Mutual, which is an insurance solution on Ethereum. And that's basically most of my net worth. And then of course I have Alex, but I don't really count Alex of my net worth because I don't think I will sell Alex on the market. That's quite unethical right now, especially as the market is illiquid. So yeah, like 90% plus of my liquid net worth is  have a better bull run than Bitcoin, other than having the actual use case, which will be like the DeFi stuff that Bitcoin doesn't have. So yeah, the last secret is, so like DeFi protocols, I think are going to go like 100X or something, at least the great ones. I love your enthusiasm. And the fact is, I know that you're enjoying this just as much as I am. So that makes me happy. Yeah. All right. So last two questions. What's the most important book that you've ever read?  It's fine, that's like how time passes. And I think that's what the wisdom he wanted to share as well, which is like, I don't need Steve Jobs. He inspired me and that's great. And now it's my turn to have an impact and to inspire people. All right, aliens, believer or non-believer? Yeah, I guess believers statistically, like most people, but then I read Max Denmark, Life's 2.0, which argues that we might be alone if we consider like the distances  I actually think that's the most realistic, uh, perspective is they definitely exist and there's some other life form out there, but, uh, so we can expect anything from 2020, even aliens. Absolutely. All right. You could ask me one question. What, uh, what question you have for me? So would you tokenize yourself or when are you going all in on Ethereum? So I thought you were going to ask me if I would buy some of your Alex tokens. I thought that's where, what you were.  The thing that I am interested in is I love the collectibles market. I think that that's super interesting, especially when you get digital versions versus the analog versions. I'm shocked that given the popularity of the sports trading card world, that there hasn't been more, how do we do digital trading cards, all that kind of stuff. Then the other thing I would say is I think that the whole idea of tokenizing companies  This technology just simplifies things again and starts to automate. What you end up doing is one, you reduce accounting frauds. Two, you end up actually having a much bigger incentive for people from an equity ownership standpoint. Then three, it becomes really interesting when now all of a sudden, there's no difference in somebody in the United States, in Europe, in Southeast Asia, in South America, or on the continent of Africa. Everyone with an internet connection is quote-unquote equal in terms of their ability to participate in financial  Literally some of it will be shit coins and some of it will be real value. But I think that's kind of the encouragement of innovation and experimentation drives a lot of this stuff. And so like, you know, you definitely fall in the category of like either you're a genius or you're absolutely lost your mind. But I think that like you're comfortable living in that spectrum, right? And the world needs people like you and others like you to go try some of this stuff and like, either you're going to figure it out or you're not, right? But like, if you're comfortable doing that,  Okay. Can I give you some? No. No, listen, here's, I mean, I've talked about some million times on the podcast, but basically, my whole thought process is it's not just a financial evaluation for me, right? And so if you think of in a financial market, like this is one thing that I think the Bitcoin community doesn't talk about a lot, but I do think is intellectually honest. So if you look at, in a bear in a bull market, just the assets  compared to the traditional market. But there still should be some spectrum in terms of if the largest cap assets go up 2x, then there's going to be a bunch of these super small assets that go up 8 or 10x. That's just the law of market caps. And so I think that there's a lot of people who confuse just the financial returns with other things. And people just have to ask themselves, are you here just for the financial return? Well, then you should go  It will enable investing in cash flow earnings. That's the new wave of DeFi that's happening right now, and it will dominate the bull market. So I don't see why, but I get it. It has the best branding, Bitcoin, and it is great. And I would probably be bullish Bitcoin if I was maybe having older and more wealth, perhaps. Right now, I know that if I maximize Ethereum, it will probably go higher than Bitcoin. And still, it's like auto-rebalancing DeFi basket, where it will