 Alright guys, bang bang. Lee is here and we are going to talk about all kinds of awesome things. So thank you so much for for doing this. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. For those that don't know you, maybe let's just start with your background and kind of where you grew up and what you did before you got into journalism. Oh, well, I was very young before I got into journalism. I grew up in Boston. I was born in Boston.  people and I was always very, you know, I just felt books were so much more interesting than people. And now I know that's not true, but it took me years to get out of my shell. And now I tell people I'm a fake extrovert. A lot of people think I'm a natural extrovert and I am not. In fact, just doing this, not on the phone and on cameras, you know, just so not me. But, you know, there was this opportunity to talk more deeply. So I thought, why not? So I grew up, yeah,  You know and so, you know over time you get better and I really like hit my stride in college And then I was very lucky, you know If you work at the Wall Street Journal or you're lucky enough to work in a place where there these amazing pros You get some of the best training in the world and when I joined the newsroom, I was the only non Ivy League Person that I knew in my own newsroom. Almost everyone had lived in multiple countries spoke multiple languages, you know So I was very lucky to be coming into a college  slope where it happens and there's a community surrounding it that's either enabling it or at some point you're making so much money that you just keep going. And I started to realize that corruption was really not appreciated and not really written about very well. And I really wanted to talk to people who were in those circles and find out more about how it all worked. And so I got much more involved in talking at first to traders, but over time, every kind of person imaginable.  the fun stuff around crypto and some of the work that you're doing now. You wrote this book, and this book on kind of a world's oil market and having a deep understanding of the oil market was probably helpful earlier this year when some of the futures contracts went negative. But maybe tell us a little bit just about where did the impetus for the first book come from and especially the title of the asylum and kind of the thought process behind that and the work that you did to write that book.  gas, which was always considered like the big table at the casino. That's where you had the biggest price swings and could often make the most money. And I started to get to know the traders. I started to get to know the market. And one day I was sitting with one of the former chairman of the New York market exchange. We were having lunch and he said, I'm so glad that you're writing about us now. There used to be another journalist for the well street journal. He used to always cover us. And at the end of every story, he would always talk about how we defaulted on  So fascinating. But basically this was a market full of these very down at the heel people, a lot of them immigrants who came to America and weren't getting jobs on Wall Street, but wanted to trade. And in many cases ended up at the New York Mercantile Exchange trying to scrape something together. And for many years they succeeded, but mostly failed until a man named Michael Marks conceived of an energy market and introduced the first energy contracts. And he's still alive to be  My name was everywhere behind the desk. I was like, sorry, we can't let you in because you're really a good man and you're going to want to talk to everyone. So I ended up writing the book through the interviews with these traders. And it's really an oral history of the energy market going way back to early last century to the present day. And just what happened, you know, and all the, you know, a lot of the greed really did take it over. But just like in Bitcoin and lots of other markets, the initial intention was quite pure.  Welcome to the asylum. And that just stuck with me, but it really wasn't asylum for them. You know, a lot of them didn't fit in anywhere else. That's an awesome story. And then from there, you end up writing one of the early pieces on Bitcoin, like you mentioned. And at this point, you're at Newsweek. Tell us a little bit about that story and kind of the search for Satoshi. Yeah. So when Newsweek relaunched and I was a  in, but once you proved yourself, he was great. And he sent me a note and said, I've been looking at this Bitcoin, and this was around 2013. He sent me a note. So I've been looking at this Bitcoin, and would you look into these Bitcoin women? And I wrote back and said, Bitcoin women? And he wrote, well, I don't know, but that Bitcoin is trouble. And remember, there's trouble, there's women. Yeah, there's a lot of sexist jokes in the newsroom. It was just part of the  Even if you were brilliant, right? So my big question was how did it really get off the ground? Who was behind it? There seemed to be some people who knew more things than others and it was not It was not a bad thing that Gavin and recent who was the chief scientist at the time He lived just a couple towns over from my home in Vermont so it was easy to pop over there and just try to get a lay of the land from him to start with and really I just wanted to talk to you was early in  Still, to this day, people ask the question, who is it? There's some people who believe it's better off that nobody knows, and there's other people who believe it would be awesome to figure it out. In the story, obviously Dorian Nakamoto, who I've met and we've hung out at a conference and couldn't be a sweeter guy, has now become a staple of the crypto community.  I think he was probably just as surprised that I recognized him as I was that he recognized me. And so it was kind of this weird, you know, like, oh, okay. And it was in LA at the Bitcoin 2020 conference and, or I'm sorry, San Francisco. And we were hanging out and he just was like happy to be there. And like, you could tell he was excited about kind of all of the energy and everything that was going on. Right. And people were coming up to me like,  He's into it, obviously. He's quite enthusiastic even today. And I think that even though I haven't been able to talk to him directly, obviously in the aftermath of the story, it was clear we wanted to do a follow-up interview so we can also square what he had said to us with what he was saying later, not to get ahead of ourselves. But I really, really wanted to be able to connect  that that went to on the day it was published.  of others who had corresponded with Satoshi and worked on the code, had said things like, you know, gave timelines, things like the code took about two years to write according to Satoshi. You know, there were consistent messages that came from everyone. And you could look at someone's resume and see, you know, I remember Nick Zavo was a very prominent candidate for a lot of people. And, but he clearly wasn't free to do what it was that those who spoke with Satoshi  But there was a crashed file when they were test driving Bitcoin before the official launch and they were just trying to get it going. There was a crashed file with Hal Finney that had, at one point Satoshi had written to Hal and said, send me the data so I can figure out what went wrong. And he was supposed to send it privately to Satoshi, but instead Hal posted it publicly on a forum so everyone could look at it. And that had an IP address and it  And so like when I did interview him, he had already received all this and knew that what we were talking about was Bitcoin. So I think one of the things that was most disappointing to me was in the aftermath of saying, like he didn't know that that's what we were talking about. He definitely knew that we were talking about it. We had been talking about it for weeks before I actually physically visited him, but he really didn't want to talk about it. You know, he really didn't want to discuss it. And I suspect if he  That being said, I expected a reaction because as you noted, lots of people don't want to know who it is. They consider it inappropriate. There's all those reasons. So you're only even going to be interested in this if you already want to know. If you don't want to know, you're not even going to be interested in this story. When it was published, I was ready for a lot of screaming over, we shouldn't talk about who this is.  you want. You do not want to see that happen. And I mean, I have very wealthy hedge fund managers who are scared when just one person comes to their house and protests with a sign, you know, like somebody was telling me the other day, Daniel Loeb had someone outside screaming about inequality and he was like, Oh, it's so upsetting for coming to our houses. And, and I, you know, I can't imagine what that was like for him. It was certainly horrible to watch for me. So I can only imagine what it was like for him to experience.  And then on top of that, obviously, there's people at Newsweek who are looking at this. When you kind of look back at that process, what do you remember kind of the family's reactions or family and friends as you were talking about before the story came out? Was this something that was like, oh, yeah, of course, that's possible? Or were people kind of completely oblivious and didn't even understand kind of Bitcoin or anything about it?  And obviously very terrifying when he worked for Hughes and as a result, you know, the family felt really uneasy about any sort of public stuff, especially after, you know, what happened when Arthur had that happen to him was, you know, a pretty big, you know, probe into, well, did he do it? Did someone else do it? I guess it was in the professional parking garage where he was working. So there was already this  family feeling of not wanting to expose themselves anyway to any kinds of deeper inquiries, but Jorian himself is very private. You know, when he first started emailing me back, his emails didn't have his name on it. His email said, mountain spring. That was it. That was his name. And I thought for a guy who is, you know, of a certain age, a programmer, but someone who's also been a teacher  to this day family members have come to me saying that they think that he did but or you know that he was certainly working on it but that they can't get him to open up that so it's really one of those strange family things you know I don't know if you've ever talked to families at length especially my case as a journalist you end up hearing about all the things you know and then you're like okay none of this is reportable and it's not relevant but I do want to give a  going to be publicly not stuff that they would want to share with the world. There were a couple things one of the kids who put on his Facebook page I thought might make him feel vulnerable if everybody was reading it the next day. So we talked about that. There was a whole process of let's clear out anything that's going to make you feel harmed. And so there was a preparation before the story was released. You do what you can as a journalist. We also didn't want to affect the Bitcoin price. You have to try to create that  If I'd known, right, I probably would have written it very differently. It's so fascinating too, because it sounds like you were, you had done the work and you were very cognizant of the fact that like, look, there could be, you know, some, some interest in this. And spending a lot of time with the family. I don't know how many journalists think that they're going to basically get scrutinized by, you know, millions of people on the internet for their interviews and the way that they wrote their story. And like, let's say, I think,  you quoted and he says he has no recollection of the conversation. And I said, well, you know, okay, I guess we're like gonna look at every single detail, but I can tell you the day we spoke, I can show you the phone records. Like, I'm happy to do that. I mean, if you're really gonna say that maybe it wasn't true, then of course I'm happy to share all that. But I told him, being honest with you, you're barking up a very useless tree. I know that there's like a protest going on, but everything here was checked like $8,000.  And I think for me in terms of the reaction the status part is when you deal with a complex topic What you're trying to do is take chaos and impose some semblance of order you know take what is a lot of mythology and replace it with facts and I think sadly a lot of these stories end up adding to the mythology in the end because the debate ends up going on and on and on and doesn't really end and so that feeling of I want to  And the importance, I guess, of finding out who is Satoshi for Bitcoin and kind of the Bitcoin community. Like, do you think that is important? And then any thoughts in terms of Dorian, somebody else, no clue, like how do you just think about Satoshi in general now? So I think it is important. I think it's still important to know, especially as we're moving more and more toward a digital economy. I actually think the story is important because  us right now. And as for, you know, we talked a little bit, you know, off the record about the aftermath. Homeland Security investigated, opened an investigation as my story was coming out. I of course got lots of email, but I got email from one group in particular that had real information to share. And I do hope to write a follow up story that provides a lot more information surrounding, you know, what I reported initially.  after the first story to do it. Yeah. And then you've got a very unique perspective because going through all of the work and conversations that you did from the Newsweek story and then living through the aftermath of it and the scrutiny. And then when we connected, it was because you had recently wrote a piece in Institutional Investor about crypto on Wall Street. And so, two very different types of stories, same assets.  people using it, right? The consumers or the people who are really into Bitcoin and want to be completely unbanked, that sort of thing. So you have sort of these three, I look at these three big pieces, which is kind of like Bitcoin fans, the straight lace hard Wall Street people or the digital finance wonks who are working on the infrastructure, and then this kind of regulatory intelligence government piece. And they all really do come together. And for people  toward a digital economy and we need to figure out how to get around this, you know, not around it, but get our hands around it so we can figure out how to regulate it, have some law-based sense of what's going on. And so this story really delves into like those different pressure points, you know, how Wall Street's getting much more excited, especially with the dollar not looking so great these days. You know, there are not that many places to flee the system. You know, the system is pretty big now and  I talked to many lawyers who and people on the regulatory side who are still very down on Bitcoin One very bright lawyer very very experienced who works with them the SEC said to me He said well all they're doing is swapping it for something else So so what there's no inherent thing, you know, it's not like a barrel of oil It's not like a piece of paper that represents a barrel of oil It's just a store of value that you can swap for another store of value and that's awesome  Catcoins that allow them to go completely outside the US banking system. We've been controlling a lot of these countries and then using our dollar to attack opponents when diplomacy or or actual war doesn't work Well, we can hit their bank accounts because so much is denominated at least in part in the US dollar So when you talk about asymmetrical warfare the Treasury Department can quickly come after people just for their money and that can be very effective  Maybe not fall, but just they don't want to be on it. If all of a sudden there's a decentralized digital currency that they know the US is bearish on or banning ownership of for its citizens, I actually think that might serve as a magnet for them to all go adopt it and move to that system. The game theory almost prevents governments from stepping in and banning it. Is that your take given the work that you've done? You probably saw in my article where Jamie  And stuck their head in the sand. I think you know any of us who weren't born yesterday Of course, they probably would have tried to do so But they can't do so when everyone else is now adapting it or moving toward it The only choice is to be at the forefront of it, which is part of the arguing that's going on now in Washington is how do we not fall behind? But how do we not undermine our own? Currency does this hurt our sovereignty? Does it hurt our national security? Do we understand the risk? But we also if we if we take too long  It's probably more overdue than any other sector. And I've heard people saying this now for well over a decade. So it's time. Yeah. And it feels like the adoption by Wall Street specifically, not only one, for their cement, kind of Bitcoin's place and crypto currencies place in the global system, but two is you see more and more folks. So whether it's Paul Tudor Jones, even the JP Morgan's now kind of coming in and realizing, hey, we have to do something here.  about the working assumption is that we will be fully moved to a digital economy by 2040. And I think that might even be, I mean, it sounds like aggressive, but it probably isn't very aggressive when you really think about it. So they're already putting pieces in place quietly to try to make sure that they're ahead of the game. And at the same time, Wall Street's caught on. So I think the cat is too much out of the bag now.  bear ahead in this and we're probably going to have to figure it out. And Wall Street knows that too.  It's actually a fair belief. I don't believe it's accurate, but I now understand why there's such a mental block, I think, for some people to change their mind or get over that hump. You're not going to walk in and have a logical argument and all of a sudden be like, oh, of course, this makes a ton of sense. Instead, what you're going to get is you're going to get people who just eventually have to realize, yes, transition is possible.  It's not going to change the rules to fit it, but I think they're going to be forced to eventually because it's where we're headed. The momentum is really behind this. And it's not necessarily only Bitcoin, as we all know, many other ways to participate in the digital economy. Yeah. And before we move on from Bitcoin and crypto, what are the things that don't make it into that story? In terms of as you have conversations on Wall Street, what were your takeaways in terms of how many of these hedge fund managers and other players on Wall Street  that you just want to like let somebody download. I mean, I'm looking forward to that day where we all have chips in us and I can just like download stuff to somebody else. That would be really great. But right now, you know, you just have to fit it into some kind of coherent story. And thanks for asking about like what ended up in the cutting room floor, because quite a bit. I really found interesting talking to people who are trading offshore on these exchanges that nobody really knows or understands.  I think there was one place that had over a dozen very highly trafficked exchanges, Slovenia, I think. If you Google Bitcoin and Slovenia, you're like, oh, wow, it's Bitcoin. They basically said they would try to find out if they could find a real person with a real name behind any exchange that we're going to trade on. And so the risk management side of the compliance side is really tricky.  one trader we really respect, Danny Masters. I don't know if you know him, but Danny Masters was saying, I believe he was the one who said, some of the weirder exchanges are where you can make the most money. And I don't know if that's true because one of the rules of journalism is you can't invest in something you're writing about because then you're not an objective person anymore. So I can't go buy a ton of Bitcoin. I've obviously bought it to see how  they're much more nuanced often than what you're going to find in an ordinary US standardized market. I would love to start doing something like maybe you and I should talk about that, but I would love to do a top 20 innovations in this area a year. We can't stand top of them all. There are just so many. You need someone to look at them all and trade it for you. Those are the things that didn't make it.  They're making a comparison, usually not the bottom of the bucket of crypto infrastructure. They're actually usually comparing it to the things that they're used to using in the traditional world. Yeah, absolutely. Danny came from J.B. Morgan, who's Head of Energy Training. He was somebody actually who was very helpful in my first book about the oil market. I've known him since I was in my early 20s, which is amazing. I'm 44 now.  Talk to when you're screaming from all corners and then you need to talk to somebody who's like the adult in the room Danny's really good at that And we do need adults in the room we I do love this sort of Super exuberance in so many parts of this market But we really do need those sort of like, you know Danny's not a being counter but we do need to be encounters and we do need that the people who are really going to be skeptical and come in and roll up their sleeves and figure out how to meet this  about Bitcoin and the genesis of Bitcoin. It's very much about egalitarianism and not about being popular, not about being sexy, but about a more equal world for all. And I hope that it doesn't get moved into something that doesn't embrace that. Yeah. And I think that this was one of the inflection points for me mentally when I started to really think more critically and understand.  we've seen through this global pandemic where basically billionaires in the United States have made half a trillion dollars and 50 plus million people lost their jobs. Again, I don't think that's actually the billionaire's fault, nor do I think it's the average citizen's fault. It's a feature of the system and not a bug of the system. Part of, I think, this egalitarianism or this view of Bitcoin is if you can actually return back to sound money,  people probably don't know this, but you actually nominated for an award that on some of the work you did around wealth inequality. So I feel like you've got way more information than anyone else who's come on this podcast can share. Yeah, I didn't know we were going to be talking about this, but I'm glad we are. Yeah, I was, I was part of a group of stories that were nominated for the national magazine award. And it was on wealth inequality. I just felt, I was so tired of hearing about how unequal everything is. We know it's unequal.  which basically looks at the disparity between the wealthiest and the poorest in every community and I found a place called Ogden, Utah, which is still a town I'm extremely fond of, you know, and I was researching it from from over here on the East Coast and I went online and it just looked like a phenomenal town, but of course my big question was was if I fly there, is it gonna look as good and also are they just all equally poor?  had been really doing badly for a decade prior and had fell into squabbling over what to do as they declined, you know, when people moved out. And one day somebody told me, one day the anchor store at the mall pulled out and then within no time everyone pulled out of that mall and think of one of these giants for malls in the center of your town. They said the entire thing closed down and was just filled with homeless people within like not too long  Here's some cash. Go for it. They did do screening but they really just were trying to create jobs and business again and some level of prosperity and if you look at the statistics, it's small businesses that create the most jobs in the United States, right? So if you're not seeding small businesses, you're not seeding jobs and this economic development office in the town, I talked to them at length and they told me after years of seeding these businesses  who didn't know how to put a business plan together. He said, but now look at them. So it was interesting to me that this idea of, oh, I know what a good business is and I don't know, I don't think you are and I think you are. He admitted he had no idea and that it was more about rolling the dice repeatedly because each business that makes it pays into the tax base again. And then they would take that money to see the next round of businesses. And they were creating middle-class housing,  like how to heal our communities. This particular economic development director, I hate to rave so much about it, but it was so impressive. They had actually focused on creating a downtown with an amphitheater and bike paths and they purified the river and they made it so that all traffic was being driven downtown on a regular basis and they were putting on events regularly. So there was constant engagement and the housing they were building was emanating out from downtown. So it was like,  economic to just kind of quality of life, GD co-efficient, all the stuff. But that one decision seems to have kind of a ripple impact across the entire local economy, right? Yeah. And they were really been on doing private-public partnerships, as we know. They started being so successful that people would come to them as soon as they announced working on something because they knew that, oh, they're so good at this now. We'll be associated with a success story even if we only contribute a little bit.  Is it possible to take that model and extrapolate it out, implement it nationally, or is it only possible in kind of a local economy in your opinion? I think it starts with the local piece because each economy has certain things it can offer. I live in Brattleboro, Vermont right now, especially with the pandemic coming along. We have rivers, we have ski slopes nearby. We have a beautiful downtown that everyone's very precious about. No chain stores are allowed.  but I think it starts with local, but then you can start knitting those things together. One of the things I found brilliant about this model over in Ogden was they started looking at what neighboring communities were doing so that they could augment what they were doing, but also start pulling in and knitting together what they were doing with these other communities. Especially by the way with the poor, anybody who was impoverished, one of the things  You can extend it, obviously, nationally, but I think everybody has to be on board with a certain amount of sharing, certain amount of collaboration to do it.