 What's your favorite part of the show?  kind of just maybe elaborate a little bit there. Yeah, absolutely. So when you think about asset allocation, a lot of this ultimately depends on the type of investor group that you're talking about, right? So you buy for a cave between retail, high net worth, ultra high net worth, and down and pensions, foundations and sovereigns, and they have different liquidity needs and mandates. We probably get the most visibility from pension plans. So if we start there, I think it'll come as no surprise to anybody that puts it to you. You know, pension plans have a funding crisis  If you think about how you derive expected returns, you start with that risk-free rate, you had a risk-free on top of that. Top pension funds over time disclose what their assumed annual returns were and what their actual annual returns were. Back in the 1960s, these guys were all estimating 4% returns, which was roughly in line with the 10-year treasury at that time. That drifted to 7% in the 1980s, which was actually a slight discount to treasury yields. The expected return has been roughly flat ever since,  $4.5 trillion of assets. So that's roughly a trillion dollars that had to get moved around between those two different buckets. So that's pretty significant. If you switch gears for a second towards endowments, there's $600 billion of assets held by endowments. And they saw an even bigger shift in asset allocation. Taking allocation to alternatives from 6% in 1990 to 53% last year. Dave Swenson at Yale really pioneered what people call the modern endowment model.  assets at RAs in the US. You have $7 trillion that sit at Wirehouse Banks and another $3 trillion that sit at what we'll call the regional RAs. So while those pensions and endowments might have a 30% to 60% allocation to alt, if you're at a Wirehouse Bank, your allocation is somewhere to the 2% to 10% to 12%. You're at a regional RRA, you're in that 1% to 2% range. And the difference isn't really a sophistication of financial advisors or a net worth of clients, but it comes down to infrastructure forming and access, which is why a lot of those companies on the private side  It's posted annual returns of 10.5% for 50 years. You'd be hard-pressed to find any active manager that can compete with that on a pre-fee basis, let alone post fees. Stocks were definitely a big component of that, but the bonds were just as important. They had an average return of 7.5% over the past 40 years. This all comes back to yield. The average 10-year during that time period was 6.2% today at 65 basis points. In this new yield environment, that 60-40 portfolio isn't going to generate the  target date retirement funds, that's the potential for another real significant reallocation of assets.  in 1996, it was $39 billion today that's approaching $500 billion. So that starts to be triplated to build from the private markets. And then probably most impressively for PE firms, there's less than $1 billion in 1976, there's $160 billion in today, that's $1.5 trillion. And they had two tailwinds. Lower interest rates make LBOs a lot more attractive, but they also have the genesis of the high yield bond market by Milken and all the folks over at Drexel. So you had the birth of an asset class concurrent with this  the US listing gap by folks out of Cornell and Ohio State. They showed that back in 1976, the market cap of US stocks was $3.3 trillion, which was 49% of GDP. Today, it's $38 trillion, which is 176% of GDP. The average market cap of a company was $650 million back then, and they had $10 billion. When you think about that, it naturally leads to the price appreciation because there's only so many places you can allocate that  Absolutely. What I've said historically is QE infinity pushed people out the risk curve. It changed your savings account into your checking account, the bond market into the savings account, the equity market, the bond market, the venture market, the equity market, and it gave rise to the crypto market as a new venture market. You're seeing that happen. In the 30 years before the global financial crisis, the Fed balance sheet expanded by $700 billion. That took 10 days in March.  bank balance sheet expansion as we did seven years post not only the gold financial crisis, but the euro crisis as well, and three times as much during the decade prior to the post the dot com crash. So you've seen this insane amount of liquidity that tends to the market. And I think in March, it was really a seminal moment where we crossed the rubicon where no one asked how do we pay for this anymore. The fact that the Democrats and Republicans right now are arguing over one, two trillion dollars is asinine. If you think about where we were 10 years  M1 and M2. This year, you have money going directly into checking accounts with the stimulus check. It looks like we're going to have another one on the way before the election. You have federal unemployment benefits, copying people up at greater than the median salary in this country. You have money going directly to companies with PPP and EIDL. You have the Fed literally backstopping corporate bond purchases. You're actually seeing a significant increase in M2. The Fed publishes all this data. If you look at Fed charts, you can look at a chart of M2 throughout  Right now, where does money go? I know you've spoken about this letter a lot on this podcast. Paul Peter Jones talks about backing the fastest horse in this race. And he highlighted NASDAQ 100 stocks, Bitcoin and gold. And he pointed to Bitcoin there. But I think you're seeing that materialized not only in the credit markets, which has gotten incredibly tight, therefore in the equity markets, which have rallied now back to all-time highs. And of course, in this long tail of alternative assets, whether it be gold, whether it be  levels of inflation because they're literally talking about it now as well?  accelerating structural changes, but are those typical or structural and what does that do for the job market? Right? So that's sort of the deflation camp. I still fall in favor of the inflation camp for what we just talked about, but also you look at things like the savings rate, right? In April, it jumped up to 32.2%, which is the highest all time. Prior to COVID, that number was never higher than 17%. It's come down a bit since then, but in June, it's still 19%. You know, checking accounts, you have Brian Moynihan from BAML talking about checking account balance with all time highs. You think about some of these industry  2 years, which goes to the benefit of really tech stocks, Bitcoin and gold. I tend to think that you're on to something there. Let's talk a little bit about what the potential places people can go to. There's obviously a very interesting dynamic playing out in the public and private markets. Talk a little bit about the framework that you use to evaluate companies staying longer in the private markets and how that's playing out. Yeah, look, I'd say up until probably 25 years,  can we expect to get the best risk adjusted return on our capital? I think in this market, it's always changing. In March, you saw some really significant buying opportunities in public markets that you really haven't seen in the past decade, and that was the bulk of our focus. In March and April, you didn't see a ton of early stage venture investing get done. Now, you start to see that market heat up like there's never been a problem, which is quite fascinating. I also think about where you have  is going to build a unicorn, a decade-born, or a generational company. That's all a rounding error as it pertains to your return on capital investment. It's going to be more important whether or not you have the capital to participate in those subsequent rounds and avoid the dilution than anything else. We continue to be really interested in that part of the market. On the public market, you've seen a bifurcation of these really cloud-based versus land-based stocks. Thematically, they're starting to trade as baskets, which is really fascinating to watch.  those best-in-class companies that can continue to compound over time and buy them at attractive entry prices. So we got super into cloud stocks in March and April when we were talking to our early stage portfolio companies and heard some common themes. Everyone was looking to cut costs and we'd say, okay, can you cut Datadog? It's this big expense. No, I can't cut that. Can you cut Okta? Can you cut Twilio? No. But I can stop paying my rent and I can fire 25% of my workforce. It's like, okay, well, we should be buying Datadog, Okta, Twilio.  and dive down. So if you think about the S&P 500 trading multiples over time, it's trending gradually higher. No one's making a call on what 2020 EPS will be. So we'll leave that aside for a second. But 2019, you were at $163 a share. And next year, street consensus is 170 and a Trump administration at 150 and a Biden administration. And that really depends upon corporate tax reform. So at current levels, you're sitting between 20 to 22 times next year's earnings.  it was actually the highest equity risk premium on record, given those artificially low interest rates and interest rates have only gone lower. And it also has to do with the capital that we talked about going into that market. It's never been easier to index and diversify. So diversification across 500 stocks for the S&P 500 or 2000 stocks for the Russell 2000 with a single click of the button, that inherently supports higher multiples because you're getting a diversified basket without doing this much work. So very different in the 70s and  at 30% per year still just to find all lots of gravity, making up that. So I think multiples are trending separately higher. And from there, you kind of dive into the sub sectors. So if we look at these SaaS companies, which really outperform, Bessemer is a pretty good emerging cloud index. It's up 55% year to date versus the NASDAQ up 23% versus the S&P up four and the Dow actually still down four. The market's bifurcated based on a couple key metrics that we look at.  So you've definitely seen multiple expansion, which makes us wary, but the results have been there, right? So we look at what those EV to revenue numbers are versus its peer set versus itself over time. We'll look at net dollar retention, right? Which is just that beginning of period revenue plus upgrade plus downgrade plus churn over that beginning period revenue. And I think that starts to show how sticky that business is for their clients. So, you know, if you look at some of these companies that had 120,  We'll see where it goes. You're still not coalescing around what profit margin is as whether it's EBITDA, X stock-based comp, or unlimited free cash, lower cash from operations. But that's something that we try and keep an eye on. And then for our early stage companies, we're always looking at revenue growth and sales efficiency and customer retention and burn rate and CAC, LTV, and all sort of the common ratios. And you can kind of do this through each sub-sector of the market. So for your tech companies,  One of the things that somebody I respect a lot was talking to me about that I thought was really interesting is they said, look, value investing has historically been a great way to invest. The difference is that there's a lot of people who misunderstand how to determine value of these technology stocks. That's basically what you're talking about here of just like, what are these things actually worth? We know what the prices are, but what is that value? And so as you do this, how do you guys think about that actually changing over time? So you're talking a little bit about the macro environment.  cash flows today. So I think for some of these high growth SaaS companies, that works out really well. If you're willing to put in the time to build about 20-year DCS, then you moderate these growth rates that are 150%, 200% year over year. And you're able to show that margin expansion that a lot of them have shown over time. They don't look overvalued today despite trading at 15 times revenue, but most people don't do that. They say it trades at 15 times revenue, which is asinine. But it's funny because of the margin potential that these  best quant funds in the world are the ones that are able to detect that sort of instantaneously, right? When are the market internals changing? And I think a lot of quant funds struggle with that, which is why you saw a bunch of blowups in March and April when it was sort of an unprecedented time period. But that's why you see the folks at Renaissance just continue to print money time over time because they understand that non-stationary elements. Now, we won't pretend to understand it at those micro speeds, but you have to understand that in the context of what your entry points are and be comfortable paying up over time for companies.  them. The first being Square, which has kind of become a darling, I think, for many people. How do you evaluate that? Yeah. So, if you think about Square, they have two significant ecosystems that are growing, right? They have their salary ecosystem, they have cash app. And I think they're aiming for the holy grail of payments, which is this closed payment system that cuts out the intermediaries. So, on the seller ecosystem, Square notes there's 20 million businesses in the US with $6 trillion of gross receipts, which is an $85 billion scam for them.  $9 trillion restful market. Last quarter, they announced 30 million monthly active users with more than 7 million spending on the card itself. The cash app generated $1.2 billion of revenue and $8 million of gross profit. Now, a lot of that was Bitcoin and it's really transactional notion of volume, but even if you strip the Bitcoin out of that, it's $325 million of revenue, which is up 140% here over here. Perhaps most impressively, they had $1.7 billion of cash deposits. You start getting in the realm of over a billion dollar  urbanization Genesis moment. And they've been dealing with mobile money since 2007 when MPAY's the first launch there, right? So 20 years, half the world's population is going to be in Africa. And I think FinTech is going to be the area that really accelerates that growth. So I think he's spot on and looking there. And I think if Square can replicate what they were able to do, and quite frankly, some more rural parts of the US to start, which is where they started, I think that becomes such an interesting point for them.  or social media feed, integrating to message functionality, you could send investments, spend money, you really create that WeChat or Alipay of the West. I think you could do that in an all-stock transaction and bankers are going to sit there and look at the relative trading ratio over different periods of time. Square has never been more attractive relative to Twitter. I think that's quite interesting. But say they can't get over conflicts there. I think there's a lot they can do with the currency today. So at a $67 billion market,  do there. I think it's a scarce asset. I think Jack has really done a lot to innovate around the core product. I think they went about building the business from the right way, starting with deposits and then expanding into this other functionality. So I think there's a kind of option out there, which is why it trades where it does because people are just forced to own it. Yeah, to me, that's the whole thing, right? The idea of going after the deposits first and not going after brokerage just is a much more scalable, bigger business that can be built.  This one is, I think, confusing a lot of people.  in public markets. He said that they're going to have five years of operating losses before breaking even, mentioned that they're going to need more cash. I think there's a retail bid for these types of assets because they can't get into venture and it seems like early stage venture. But there are a lot of names I would own before I touch this because insurance is hard and they try and play up this data angle. Insurers have more data than anybody and they've been collecting it for hundreds of years and they do not have 94 cents  There's old school insurance companies that traded a certain kind of multiple and then you get into these more kind of technology enabled companies that are getting these outrageous valuations. And what it appears is going to happen is all the old school guys are going to now either go M&A or they're going to try to start convincing the market that no, actually we have technology, right? And whatever form factor they do that, that seems to be the only way that they can kind of compete, right? I'm very bullish in SureTech as a subsector of FinTech when it's enabling technology for incumbent insurance providers.  I'm just not convinced it's B2C insures for home insurance and property insurance, at least not at 100 million times revenue. Makes sense. Zoom has gone on an epic run here and I think that everyone has Zoom fatigue, everyone is using it. And it seems like they've been the winner that's pulled an entire sector up. But how do you evaluate that business and that vertical?  environment that we're in, right? You have a lot of people that talk about some of the privacy concerns and some of the large banks are using Microsoft Teams and Microsoft is trying to cross spell that with Azure, which is becoming a stickier and stickier product, particularly within financial services. You obviously have Google Hangouts. So when you're competing with Google and Microsoft in anything at pause, but then again, Microsoft acquired Skype and Skype should have been zoomed before zoom. So zoom clearly won there. It's a $75 billion market cap trading order.  you could trade, I think it's hard to own for a little longer on here at that valuation. But if you have it earlier, there's no reason to cut it. I always think about the millennial stock basket, which is not even all stocks, but the Bitcoin, the Teslas, whatever. And then I think of the Boomer pack. And the Boomer pack is exactly some of the companies you just described, where they're like, oh, do digital stuff. Get excited about it. Speaking of Tesla, what are thoughts there?  continue to be owned by everybody. There's sort of a persistent bid in the market. Now, what's interesting about Tesla and why I think it has this upward bias is because it's actually not an index today, right? So when you start talking about micro market internals, excuse me, Tesla reported its four straight positive quarter net income. So it's going to be added to the S&P 500 probably at some point before year end. The way it works is you have to have a company removed. Right now there's a few M&A deals on the tape. Tiffany's is probably the next one to drop out of that deal  So you're really making a bet on Elon and over time that it could become this software slash battery play, which, you know, he's shown the ability to continue to innovate. I think the Tesla bears of two or three years ago were right to be skeptical and that Tesla was not profitable. There was not a path of profitability and you needed to continue to raise capital to fund this business. And there was questions of whether or not capital markets would be there. Right. There were a couple of those really scary converts that barely got done. They had to do follow on offers.  with a much higher correlation to the rest of the market. So when the market has these down days, you have these index funds that have to continue to rebound. And I think it starts to act more like a $350 billion stock would act and not be gapping 10, 20, 30, 40% month over month. So it's interesting. I don't want to ever bet against people like Elon, but for me, it's definitely one you could trade. It's difficult to own unless you have a stomach for 50% to 70% drawdowns like we saw in March. And if you do, God bless.  of all of a sudden you go to revenue zero, like if you had capital on the balance sheet because that's what you were expecting anyways, maybe your runway got cut shorter, but you still kind of were in the mode of being able to operate in what I'll call kind of a pandemic proof way, right? Whatever the hell that means. But how do you think about the way that these companies are funded and the way that entrepreneurs raise capital in the public markets if there are more and more of these folks who kind of have come up building these businesses through venture capital funding? Yeah, it's a really good question.  For these companies that continue to lose money, I think it depends upon the path to profitability. Someone like Square is very different than someone like Lemonade. Where Lemonade, you know what the tried and true path to profitability is for insurer, and it's not losing 94 cents from the dollar. It's not going from 312 to 94 cents. That's a very difficult path. I'm not sure what public market appetite will be for continual financing.  people could see that in square. So much of it I think is business model dependent and industry dependent. I think there's a couple of these long only fund complexes with heroes, the fidelity of the world that are playing in both the public and private markets and therefore you have those crossover PMs that will continue to fund them. You have the hedge funds like a tiger or a co2 at Duluth-Sane. So I think there is funding there. I think you have to justify and I think you have to be pretty transparent with forward guidance and you have to play  unit of economics for that to work. They're going to be challenged a lot more than, say, a company like Marchetta in the fintech space, if they decide to go public tomorrow needed to raise more capital, I think they'd be capital behind. Yeah. Amazon is another one that I think is very misunderstood for a long period of time. And now all of a sudden has become the company. How do you guys evaluate that one? Yeah. So, Amazon for us is really the AWS  which I think is really important, building the business that he's built, being able to systematically expand the new product categories. He's failed plenty of times and continue to succeed. The first mention of the cloud, I think they called it Amazon Elastic Cloud Compute A ECC back in probably 2003 or 2005, they had it in their 10K for the first time. You'd see two or three mentions and I don't think they broke it out until 2012 or 2013 as an action.  for all these other verticals becomes incredibly important. They have a senior leadership team that has a lot of continuity, which I also think is critical, right? So for a lot of these founder-run companies, you sort of have that key man or woman risk. And you saw it with Apple and Steve Jobs passed away. People today are still doubting Tim Cook despite the performance of that stock since Jobs passed. With Amazon, you have senior leaders that have been there for 20 years and they really all  Yeah, one of the things that's very obvious is Bezos over the years took all the cost centers, turned them into these profit centers, and has built very, very large businesses with great margins in some cases. Do you guys see, either through regulatory pressure or from a business case, actually going ahead and spinning some of these off as individual companies? What is now today just a line item or a product? Yeah, I think part of it's going to depend upon what happens in November.  is a little bit different in terms of if they were forced to spin up WhatsApp or Instagram because of data privacy concerns or as they get into Facebook financial services, they're like, we don't want the largest country in the world to have their own sovereign monetary unit. I think that some of the part stories actually more interesting at Facebook than it is at an Amazon where both those properties could have much more stronger embedded finance place standalone. Instagram on the e-commerce side,  I always laugh at the joke in New York City is that every apartment building's lobby looks like an Amazon warehouse during the holidays, right? Every time. Or during the totality of the pandemic. Absolutely. One of the ways that companies are starting to get into the public markets, especially when it's so frothy right now, is using SPAC. So we've seen kind of direct listings in SPACs become more popular. How are you guys looking at maybe SPACs specifically, but even direct listings?  and try and sell it over time to another company or raise another SPAC. That was the case in the early 2000s, late 90s. You had all-time high SPAC raises in the 06-07 time period. You started to see a little bit higher quality sponsors, but the same type of targets where it never really got people going. Then in, it was dead for three years, there was no appetite for SPAC funding.  has his reputation publicly. I know you've had him on the podcast before. And while both of those are incredibly overvalued on any traditional evaluation, it showed there's a path and people started to say, okay, why are they doing that? And I think what really changed, if you think about mechanically how SPACs work, either sponsor, they raise a pool of capital goes into a trust, it stays into that trust until they