 All right, guys, bang bang. I've got the man here himself. Delhi. What's up, man? Thanks for having me. Absolutely. Well, I guess we should tell people right off the off the start. We're doing a joint podcast. I did this one time before with Jason Kalkanis and people loved it. So we're doing a second one. If you listen to the Delhi podcast, go subscribe to the podcast. You listen to the podcast goes subscribe to the daily podcast.  Just help people understand how did you get to the NBA first and then we'll get into the investing stuff. Yeah. So I grew up in Australia in a small country town. I moved away from home when I was 16 to go to the Australian Institute of Sport, which is an Olympic level training facility. From there, I went to college in California for four years. And then I've played for the national team. So I've been to the Olympics for Australia, which has  and no one cautious in it. It's pretty crushing really, because the, you know, the percentage chances of making the NBA after you go undrafted aren't very good at all. So, you know, it was, it was really disappointing. I was watching it with some close friends at my college coach's house, spoke to my agent soon after. And he said, you know, you've got, it's going to be okay. You're going to get another opportunity to go to the NBA.  into training camp and it was a tough grind, but makes me appreciate it every day. Yeah. What's the kind of culture or relationship those seven guys have as they're competing? Is this like a friendly thing or is this like at all costs I'm making this team and I know that if I'm making that means there's one less spot for these other six guys. It's definitely a weird dynamic, but I would say it's, it's friendly that there's a sense of camaraderie there that  and you play with some of the biggest stars today, right? With, I think LeBron was on that team, Kyrie, J.R. Smith. I mean, there was a whole roster full. What is it like kind of going undrafted, then signing, you know, pretty big contract and getting to play with those people and then ultimately play for the NBA championship? Yeah, yeah. No, it's amazing kind of feeling to go from that to then winning a championship.  But are you players like all texting each other being like, wait, is he serious? Like what is the kind of conversation? Yeah, I think we're in Vegas for some league when the announcement happened. I think it was on ESPN and then we had a shoot around or a game day that day. And I think the GM came over and whispered something to the coach at the time, David Blatt, and you can see his face kind of light off in a big smile.  before January 15, before my contract was guaranteed for the rest of the season. And then I had an option for me the next season as well. So you never really have a secure place. Yeah. And then last thing I want to ask about basketball is you play with J.R. Smith and my friends and I, like he's one of our favorite players, mainly just because he, you never know what he's going to do. He might come down the court and I think there's a famous LeBron interview where he's literally like that guy,  makes is a shop maker and I'm happy he's got another opportunity now with the Lakers.  stress the importance of education. And then my dad is a school bus driver, but now he's been in real estate and he's been subdividing land for probably the last 15 years. And he's really tried to educate me and my sisters and just teach us little things along the way. So I've had that background and education and that kind of got me interested in real estate from a pretty early age.  the veterans because that's the easiest way to learn is, you know, from their successes or their mistakes, things they've gone through. And a lot of veterans are really helpful and they want to pass on their knowledge to the next generation. I think that's something that's really cool in the locker rooms, in the NBA. But I guess one of the main things I'm interested in now is venture capital.  like this has become much more popular, obviously, in all professional sports, but the NBA specifically, I think there's been a lot of kind of media coverage on the teams in the Bay Area, just because that's kind of the center of tech. But I think in conversations that you and I have had, this is happening in every locker room, right? Like there's players who are becoming more interested in this. And so as you're talking to your financial advisors, how much I think education  you know, you get brought different opportunities and you know, I send it through to my financial advisors, see what they think. And that led to more conversations about, you know, venture capital in general. In the off season, they set up a few meetings for me with different people in San Francisco who were very helpful. And I think that's something that I've really enjoyed is how helpful everybody is in the VC industry.  a lot of the knowledge that they have on a specific subject, something that I hadn't known about before and you get to learn from an expert for 45 minutes, it's a lot of fun. This is why I like you is because that's exactly what I like about the whole podcast stuff, right? It's just you get to sit and talk to people and learn from them. You've made a number of pretty cool and interesting investments. I'll let you kind of pick which one you want to talk about, but maybe we'll talk about like an individual deal that you've done and kind of the process you go through.  And the 8 Sleep founder, Mateo, another company I've invested in was tweeting about this constant glucose monitor. I had a screenshot of a graph that showed his glucose going up and down. And so I messaged him about that, just asking what it is. And it looked really interesting. And he said he had got involved with them, told me what he liked about it. And then I asked him,  the opportunity is massive to really help out a lot of people and for the company to be successful. But I made sure to try it for a few days first and really loved it. I've learned some interesting things around 2 p.m. I kind of dipped down a little bit. But if I have a handful of almonds, that keeps me pretty level. But overall, I was eating pretty well. So that's one example. The other one is  And it was interesting to see the growth over time of the company from just speaking to Zach and seeing the graphs, but then also going back and listening to him speak about what they were planning to do in the future. And then seeing that already in the company, I thought that was really cool. Yeah. So I didn't know that you were going to say that one, but on the block, I won that. That's the one that I got to see kind of firsthand. Right. And I remember when  utilize that often by a lot of athletes, right? They kind of, they want to make the decision. And so there's this element of like, um, kind of humbleness, right? Of like, Hey, I might not be the expert. I'm smart enough to kind of make the decision, but let me get as much data as possible. Is that kind of how you looked at it? Yeah, definitely. And I think that's something I've definitely got better at because I think as an athlete, you, you have a high level of confidence and, uh, you like to think it translates to a lot of things, but, um, you, you have to  I'm looking at this investment. And if it's an existing investor and just saying, can you jump on a call for 10 minutes and just give me your thoughts? And that's how I got in touch with Michael Arrington. And he was awesome with his feedback and what he saw in BocFi and just general infong crypto, which I'm pretty new to. I'm still learning a lot about. But I think Twitter, I'm realizing  finding references or is it the existing investors or just people with general knowledge on the topic? Yeah. So I think one probably difference between the way that I invest now definitely than I used to is there's a lot more follow-on capital. And so we kind of have the ability to write smaller checks early on, work with the founders, see them execute and kind of build conviction over time. And so what that allows us to do  And I think that because we invest so early, it's just the person. That's ultimately all I care about. And do they have a good idea? That actually feeds into an analysis of the person. Are they a intelligent person who has a defendable thesis as to why they're spending their time and energy on this idea versus hundreds of others? How do they actually critically think about it? So do they have a good understanding of what other people in the market are doing? Maybe other attempts that haven't worked? Why didn't they work?  is what other people who know them well agree with. And then the part that I actually like is, you know, BlockFi is a great example. I don't remember the exact amount that we did. I think it was like $250,000, you know, at a $20 million valuation or something, right? So we were probably one of the smaller investors in some of these rounds initially, but over time, as we saw Zach and Florie and the rest of the BlockFi team execute, then it was like, oh, okay, like now we want to write big checks, right? And because we had the capital base to do that,  where you're investing other people's money. What about the process you go through there? Do you have to do a lot more, I guess, diligence or follow up, write up a report as that process changed much for you? Yeah, I think that there's some similarities and some differences, right? So like you tend to see, and this is maybe somewhat controversial view, but I tend to see that people are actually more conservative  think that venture capital is one area where having less conservatism in the way that you think about investing can be a benefit. Now, if you go overboard and you act crazy or something, then it could be a negative. So I think one, there's an advantage to that. In terms of raising capital from other people, really what they want to see is, again, they want to see good decision-making and they want to see what I'll call just institutional organization. And so that could literally be done on a spreadsheet,  you know, a pipeline, you have a way to document the decisions you make and the reason behind those decisions and you give good updates and all that kind of stuff, then they're going to give you money, right? So if they don't trust you, like good luck. And so like, I think people are just kind of make it more complex than it really is because they get caught in all the details. But like, that's all an LP wants. It's just, you know, Hey, Delhi, can I trust you? If I can trust you to make good decisions and find good deals, then why would I not give you money? Right? And I think that's what, what kind of the focus is, at least when I think of  And so like, but you can't just blatantly start the meeting with like, I want your money. Right. So like, you're almost like, uh, you're, you're playing this, um, it's not really a game, but like there's definitely some balance, right? Yeah. And, and, and it's one where, um, look, these people are incredibly intelligent, right? So you want to be respectful, but they'd be the first to say, you probably have a better understanding of like your very niche strategy than they do. Who's, you know, they're more intelligent than they do. And so, you know, they're more intelligent than they do.  Angel is syndicate now, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, um, that's something that I kind of view as my next step, uh, in the venture capital world, this is something, um, you know, investing in the venture stuff is something I want to do full time, uh, when I'm finished playing, which, uh, I'm not planning on it being for a while. I'm seven years in and, um, but he's still feeling good. Um, but there was something I was going to try to do maybe in  to mail out to whichever water testing company it goes to. And then they also have a platform for the labs. So, yeah, I think it's a really exciting company making that market a lot more efficient. So that one came along, syndicated it, actually co-syndicated it with Peter Livingston, who I've invested with on Angelist quite a bit. He was super helpful as well as people at Angelist.  So it's not a, hey, I have this opportunity, but I'm not going to put any money in. You're putting your capital and then asking people to invest alongside you, which I think is a way better model than if you just have a deal and could somehow show it to people, but you didn't have to risk any capital either. Yeah. I think that's a great model that the incentives are aligned. And yeah, I think just in general, the Angelus platform for people that are trying to learn about venture, I think I've seen  space, you seem to have much more of a generalist view. Is that true or are there specific things that you're looking for? I would say generalist. There's no specific vertical I've found yet that I've kind of dived right into. I think it's more just company by company. And then I'll dive deep on a specific thing. And I enjoy learning about a ton of different topics from  spread them out more to get more accurate readings of weather currents and different things in oceans. And because of the lack of planes flying, you know, due to the pandemic, especially early on, the quality of weather prediction went down, which, you know, I thought was really interesting kind of side effect. Yeah. It's I forget the company. There's a company that I saw.  that's maybe in 30 years, but people are actually working on this stuff and it's pretty cool to see and even be able to talk to some of them about what they're working on. What about you? I know you obviously focus on crypto, but what do you do when you see other deals, I guess, outside that category? Yeah. So I have two standing rules. One is when your friend started a company, you have to invest and really it's... Really? Because a lot of people are the opposite.  the building if they end up building like the next Uber and you missed out. Whoever this person was, was basically making that argument that like, you know, upside, you get to participate, downside, you completely protect yourself from, right? So, you have to invest. So, that's one rule. And then the second one is, I started out being like very generalist and then obviously started to focus on Bitcoin and crypto, but I'll still see things that I think are interesting. And I frankly, I don't have a great  you want to have a lot of diversity. Right? And so it's important to kind of still have access to the non-crypto stuff and do some of it, even if it's not the focus, because I think that it just kind of balances out portfolios and stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's interesting. What are some of the things you've learned from your time at Facebook and Snapchat that help you today when evaluating founders or companies? Yeah. So definitely at Facebook specifically,  And that doesn't mean that everything they do is perfect, but it does mean that they've been able to contribute in a meaningful way to the creation of this amazing business. And so when you see that, you definitely pick up some pattern recognition of just like, here are things that the top operators do. And so when you see it again, you kind of just notice it. Two is I think that for me personally, one of the things that I did when I was there, I can't remember if it was 14 or 15, I spent more time  did interviews with over a hundred candidates in one of those years. And it's just like, you just get to understand good answers, bad answers in an interview, right? People who think critically, and I've talked about it before, but it's like simple things. One of my favorite interview questions is, you know, hey, Deli, you are responsible for the Facebook Pages team. You go home Friday night, everything's great. You come in Monday morning and traffic drop 50% to the product, like what do you do?  And it's just like, oh, this person has done this before. Like this person is not kind of academically going through the theory. This person has been in this situation. They understand like communicating the problem first before trying to solve it is important because it gets all hands on deck. And so you just, you know, doing enough of these interviews, you realize little things like that. And so in evaluating founders, you can play some of the same games, right? You can say, Hey, you're running this business. Like what happens if X occurs or if a competitor does Y or  I mean, I didn't even know that you couldn't do that, but like that would be one amazing, like if fans could watch that type of stuff, they would love it. Right. Cause it almost be like a mix of, um, remember, uh, was it at the end one tour? You remember that? Uh, and they would watch that on VHS in Australia, but they would like bring people, you know, like kind of everyday people and they would get a play and they weren't playing NBA players, but they were playing NBA players. And they would be like, Oh, I'm not going to play NBA players.  So maybe they could show up to Sacramento, right? And it's like all the best basketball players in Sacramento and all the worst basketball players all show up, right? And they basically have like these like street runs and you get the guys off the end one tour and maybe they throw, you know, two or three people from the local community in. And I think that I'm pretty sure that there was a couple of folks who, you know, they just played and everyone was like, wow, that person is really good. Like you should get them on the tour and they ended up joining. That's one way to get the call out.  I can see that happening. But yeah, well, one other thing I wanted to ask you about is your background in the army. I mean, what, what, I've never really heard you talk about that. I listened to your podcast quite a bit and, and what, I guess, skills and habits did you learn there that you kind of carry forward to today? Yeah. So I've obviously thought a lot about this. I would say that there's three things that I took away from it. One,  a mortgage at home. They're living real life and I'm still living fantasy college student life. And in the combat zone, you just see death. And that doesn't necessarily mean it's always somebody you know well or even somebody that's an American. It could just literally be you see death of people in the local communities and all this stuff. And so I think it's just this reminder like, hey, we're all going to die at some point. And so when I came back, I think there was a big shift in my mentality  play sports in college and things like that. But, uh, this was a level of discipline of like, even when you really don't want to do something, like you get home from a mission, uh, you know, onto the base, it's late at night and you know, you're going to turn around in six hours and go back on another mission or something. Like you clean your weapon. And the reason you do that is because if tomorrow you start shooting in your weapon jams, like you could die, right? And so like, you just learn like every decision you make, uh, if you keep discipline, like ends up putting you in a position where you can be successful.  And so I think that was like a big lesson learned as well. Yeah, no, that's really interesting. I mean, on a much smaller and less important scale. I mean, I think as basketball players, you know, who you want, uh, you know, on the court with you when the other team's going on a run or in the playoffs, when, when a game is close. And, um, I guess that just builds over time through, you know, relying on people in, in high pressure situations.  estate. Sounds like your dad is really interested in that as well. Talk a little bit just about how you've thought about investing in real estate and what you've done, whatever you want to share. Yeah. I've done a bit of stuff with my mom and dad in my hometown, which is a small country town. He started off, I think, doing some smaller subdivisions, like a rental property, then some smaller subdivisions.  to your advantage is one of the big things I've learned from him. And yeah, I think just over time, and I know we're going to talk a little bit about Bitcoin and inflation, but over time, you know, I've known they've seen really good results. He always loves to tell me he's never lost money on land because they're not making any more of that. So, well, especially in Australia, right? You know that there's no more land.  to get through before you are on the country roads. Yeah. And I think the point you're making about the banks, one of the conversations we had, you basically were like, look, it's leverage, right? It's intelligent leverage. And if you're smart about managing that and how much capital you put down and all of those types of ratios and things like that, it can be your friend. And it sounds like that's one of the big things that has caught your attention and got you really interested in real estate.  and then some usually. So it's a pretty stable asset to be in. Yeah. And everything that you do in real estate is in Australia or you do some in the United States too? I do a little bit over here. My financial advisors have some real estate funds and then have a rental property here. But that's something that's more time consuming and you need to be hands on and understand everything that's going on there. So  and then how inflation gets into it. Yeah. So I think the easiest way to talk about it is just first start with what is money, right? Money is a belief system. The reason why you and I exchange US dollars or any other currency is because we believe that it has value, right? So you're willing to accept it in exchange for goods or services. And so am I. And so, you know, with that as kind of the underpinning it,  And then there's the monetary policy. And so just like there's a technology and monetary policy to let's say the US dollar, there's a technology and monetary policy to these digital currencies as well. The technology is what gets all of the attention, especially in the media, is people like, oh, it's decentralized, it's digital, all that. Ultimately, it just means that there's no government backing it. And it means that by being a digital currency that's based on a blockchain, everything's fully transparent.  And so it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you know, it's not like, you