 All right, guys, bang bang. I have a very awesome guest today who is one of the people who behind, I think, was probably one of the most exciting products right now. Definitely a venture, but probably in finance more generally. So thanks so much for doing this, sir. Yep. I'm excited to be here. Absolutely. Let's just go through your background real quick for those that don't know you before you got to Angel List and the venture business there. Kind of where'd you grow up?  feel it then because I hadn't really participated in the internet economy yet, but I still distinctly remember that moment. And then through the years, I first worked as a software engineer for several different companies. One of them is now the world's largest stockers network. Another one was acquired by StubHub. And then I really caught the bug and started working on a few companies. So in total, I've started three companies, sold two of them. One of them was to Square, where I was a director there for two and a half.  I didn't really have too much context on venture. I was an angel investor and of course as a founder, I'd raised capital. So I spent the next six months really doing a deep dive with Nivall and venture and also what Angelus built in the venture business. Because for a while, for at least majority of the world, it wasn't very clear that Angelus had a large and sizable venture platform. And yeah, the more I dug into it, the more excited I got. And I officially accepted the role mid-July  and rebundling of services. And the second one is reducing friction as much as possible for your core customer is super important. You can actually build a sizable business, but just focusing on that one thing. And so if we actually take a look at what Square did and you think about, you download an app and you get to accept payments within seconds, a decade ago, that was unthinkable, right? The process a decade ago was you have to call someone,  you can literally tap a button and now you get a bank account and then you get all of these other things along with it. So I'd say that was the other key takeaway for me. Yeah. And as you were kind of there, one of the things that really seems to stick out today is this focus on deposits, right? And once you get the deposits, you can kind of build all the services around it. I think kind of comparing that to AngelList, there's not necessarily deposits, but there's a similar mechanism of once you get the marketplace set up,  position to own everything downstream of that transaction. I'll use a real example. Square started off with just accepting payments. It was interesting. For the longest time, and I was there when this was happening, for the longest time, there was this feeling that Square's margins are just going to get compressed because just accepting payments means it's low margin and you're going to compress because you get larger clients, they're going to negotiate their fees, etc., etc., etc.  will always choose the path of least resistance when there is a ton of value also attached to it. So that, I carry that with me to this day with Angelus Venture, where the thing that struck me when I was originally looking at it was, it's just massive platform, tons of LPs all over the world, tons of fund managers using it, tons of startups indirectly getting funded, of course, because of all these fund managers. And we're really in the flow of all of that financial activity. And you essentially own everything downstream of it.  your addressable market, if you will, from a product standpoint, how do you think about picking that spot to actually enter in that transaction? Yeah, it's a great question. You always start with the customer first, right? Where is the point of highest friction? And you look at that and you ask the question, are you uniquely suited to remove that friction? And when we think about friction, friction is basically a number of steps that someone has to go through. And if you can go from 10 steps to get something  taking that complexity from the customer and you're taking it on as the business. And there's this really good concept by Jim McKelvie, who's one of the founders of Square called the innovation stack. He actually wrote a whole book on it and I thought it was fascinating. And the innovation stack basically gets to the heart of this, which is as you reduce your friction for your customers, you as a company take on the complexity. But then what happens is you build them out because you're building an innovation stack to actually create that frictionless experience.  maybe your mission as a business year. Yeah. So Angelus really started with a simple premise. It was serve the founder. It is in its ethos. It's just like, it's leads right through it. It's great. You know, if I just go back a decade, I actually remember my first office space that I actually got for my first startup was because of a post that Naval and Nivi wrote on, I think it was venture hacks on the blog, right? So it's just, it's always been the ethos, serve the founder.  of the business. It's massive. 40% of the capital flowing through Angelus Venture today are all Angelus sourced LPs, right? They're LPs that we brought. By the way, it's all software. It's all, it's a platform. It's all software, all digital. It's beautiful. And then the third pillar for us is to make it really easy for startups to get founded and funded. We are excited to share something on that third one pretty soon. It's just a, you know, going back to the rebundling process, we are, Angelus Venture is already at scale  journey that a founder has with the product in terms of what's the most popular kind of entry point for them or first touch point? And then how does that evolve as they kind of scale their business and look for more capital over time? Yeah. To clarify the journey on Angelus Venture or the journey generally that our founder goes through? On Angelus. Yeah. So for on Angelus Venture today, the journey of a founder is really one of as they're raising their pre-seed or seed, which is  that actually last a decade sometimes. I mean, we have some companies that started, you know, that raised our capital through a investor on the platform six years ago that today as they're becoming larger, they're going public, we're still involved there. We are, as we look forward, we're actually building up products that are going to include the founder as a core part of the journey. So we are actually in a very unique position to be able to build up a lot of  Once you have a repeatable process, whether that's to grow the, you know, whether that's to grow your marketing funnel, or it's to, you already have capital coming in from your customers, but you just need additional cash flow. There are other types of financing that are easier. It's just harder to get to today for founders. So we actually view ourselves as a facilitator to bundle all of these types of financing and then just give them as options to founders over time.  relationship with the capital side of that marketplace and these LPs. For the most part, from using AngelList and kind of seeing it, it's very, very software driven. But there still is, if you're going to go and get somebody to put a really big check in or come onto the platform with some sort of commitment in size, there's still some kind of communication there and relationship. Talk a little bit about how you see that relationship between AngelList Venture and the capital base. Yeah.  best fund managers in the world. There's just nowhere else in the world you can go to see all of them at once. Now, with rolling funds, because they're publicly marketable, SaaS-like funds, they can see all of them at all times and really get access to the best potential deal flow in the world. At this point, we publicly stated this in 2019 that we're seeing 36% of all top-tier deal flow. We are much larger than that today. COVID  almost overnight, everyone's sitting at home and everyone is, you know, they still have to make the investments. They still have to engage with the venture funds. And overnight, what we found was the idea that you had to meet someone in person to make an investment basically just went out the door. All of a sudden people are making commitments through Zoom. And we're seeing this in mass across the entire industry. Actually, the venture industry right now  they'll get their questions answered, they'll build a trust, and then boom, they'll invest. So we are seeing COVID accelerate that entire behavior on the platform. Got it. And what metrics can you share, or you guys have shared publicly in terms of just how big, right? How many funds, how many types of deals have been done through the platform so far? Yeah, so we've done almost 5,000 syndicates and funds. So we're hosting all of these  the Angelus Syndicate has been a product that's been around for a long time. Maybe talk a little bit about what exactly that is and then we'll get to rolling funds in a second. But I think the Syndicate was kind of like the initial product that people said, oh wait, there's something more here than just like a startup directory. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I can, I'll provide a little bit of context there. The Syndicate, so the way venture funds usually work is that they're not  single investment funds, meaning rather than raising a venture fund to go invest in 20 or 30 companies, you raise a single investment fund to invest in one company. And for the first time, that actually reduced the friction, kind of going back to our theme again, reduce the friction, reduce the friction for who can participate as an investor in the venture industry, in the tech economy. And when that launched,  as this got launched, obviously when it reduced a bunch of friction, but also what it did that was very interesting to me was it now gave a subset of the population access to capital to monetize their access or their relationships, right? And so maybe talk a little bit about the impact you guys saw, not only on allowing the capital base to now get access to these deals, but actually the new capital allocator, right? People who previously didn't have a fund in kind of the data  like a decade, the path to becoming a venture investor usually was you either sell a company, you start your own large fund, so you need a very large LP, or you operate for a long time at a company and then you join a venture fund. And really, there was this hazing ritual of you join a venture fund and then maybe eventually you make a partner, and then from there, now you're investing in startups. So it was just like long multi-year, sometimes decade journey, but then eventually be in a position where you're writing checks.  And what we found over the years was that new venture fund managers, people who became great VCs came out of this. I could literally rhyme off a ton right now. Folks who started with syndicates, they ended up building a crack record pretty quickly. And then based on the crack record, they ended up raising larger and larger slugger of capital to the point where the reason leading series A, leading series B deals. And so we saw that become the journey  valuable, kind of the capital allocator, the new VC found it valuable and then Capital Partners found it valuable. At what point did you say, wait, maybe we should actually kind of innovate on this model and go after the rolling funds product? Yeah. So after syndicates, there was actually another moment where we launched traditional funds. That's a traditional venture fund. But the real innovation there was actually the innovation to make a venture fund as small as possible.  you have to have relationships, right? So in a way it kind of restricts access to the industry because of that. So the innovation going from syndicate to traditional fund was how do we compress the costs of what it takes to run a fund? So Angelus managed to, we managed to compress the cost by an order of magnitude. And again, it did the same, had the same impact. It was like, great, you were able to now bring in a lot more folks into the industry because that's what you don't need to go raise a $50 million fund just to get started.  And this was in 2016. And so from there, we've now supported hundreds and hundreds of these traditional bonds, right? So we have over time, we actually built a ton of infrastructure all the way from banking infrastructure to accounting infrastructure to all of the software, accreditation checks, everything. And from there, we still noticed kind of going back to again, the theme of how do you reduce friction, right? How do you remove the steps? We still noticed that the biggest  fund and then you can't raise capital again into it for the next two, three, four years. We found that there was still a friction point on the fundraising side, meaning you still have to put in a ton of your time, ton of your energy. One, for people who don't have the access, meaning they don't have the network of LPs to talk to, or two, people who have access but you're just too busy. If you're running a company, you're not going to go through that six months  And it actually came through the jam session with Nivall. And Nivall is great at that stuff, by the way. He's probably one of the best strategic thinkers I've met. And we were just jamming on this. And he's like, yeah, I've had this idea in the past. And question, why is this traditional fund structure this way? Why can't you just keep raising capital? And so we kept thinking about it. And we're like, it's interesting. The traditional venture fund structure was built in a world  constraints and build a traditional fund out of it. So it actually is just a structure that is, it's a venture fund structure that's built through software that essentially has many more features and you can choose the features and mix and match the features however you want. But it really at its core, it's just a venture fund built through software. And because of that, you don't need all these constraints of, oh, you need to go lock the fund down and then go deploy and then raise again,  emerging managers loving the product, but also established managers. We're seeing people coming from the VC industry like, wow, this is great. I don't need to go through the 12, 18 month fundraising process. I could just set this thing up. So yeah, it's been great. Maybe talk about an example or two in terms of somebody who set one of these up. When you say, you know, successful, what does that look like in terms of capital committed and kind of how that plays out just so people can kind of take  We think about it in terms of subscriptions. Every quarter, this flow of capital is just coming in, and it's just increasing over time. It's actually aggressively increasing over time. How we look at it and how to think about it with the rolling fund is, how much in yearly flow do you have? Ultimately, when you think about deploying into companies and startups, you think about on a yearly basis, how much capital you have to deploy into startups. That way, you can essentially manage what your check size is, how many companies  some of the LPs will actually increase their check size. And we're seeing this because what's happening, LPs are seeing the deal flow and they're like, oh, wow, you're making great investment. Great, I want to increase my check size. So we actually saw this through COVID, right? Post stock market crash, when everyone is fleeing, that was probably the biggest test for us with the rolling fund. It's like, ooh, right? Because we're hearing in the industry, like institutional LPs are delaying, or anybody  has his fund set up to get a minimum of a one-year commit from LPs, right? So you actually have the ability to get this cash flow or the investments for a longer time period. And so we have it set up that way where you can do just quarterly or a longer time period. And because of that, you end up getting a larger base of LPs that engage with it. And so as we think about success, we really look at what is the largest fund, equivalent fund that we have in a row?  funds, it's actually a SEC rule called 506C, Angelus was actually involved in writing this in the jobs hacks in 2013. Because these are publicly marketable, you can also just every quarter talk to your LPs, share the update, but you can also share it with other folks. You can do a webinar and you can accept capital anytime. So we're seeing that, those characteristics are having this compounding impact on the amount of capital that ruling fund  They want to commit for a longer timeframe. Great. They can. They want to just commit for a quarter. That's fine. They can. They want to just wait and see and maybe come in the next quarter. Totally good because the funds not going to lock down. It's not closed down. And the other interesting thing is this is their only fund. Because the rolling fund is the last one you all have raised, you know you're getting access to all of their deal flow. So if I want to, if I want confidence that I'm going to get access to all of South  a win-win-win alignment of an improvement for the founders, because there's more capital in the marketplace. There are people who can make decisions much faster. You get the investor themselves now can raise capital much easier, focus on investing, be a better investor. Then on the LP side, now I've got more choice and also more flexibility in terms of our relationship. When you get that rare situation where you get wins that align these incentives, they tend to be really, really big products. I think that's what you're alluding to  is just very positive because usually most financial products, especially if it's a platform, there's always someone losing a little bit. And it's sort of like a trade off and you're like, all right, well, okay, fine. And you find that those products can't really, I mean, they'll grow, but then because as it grows, there's an anchor of like, oh, the incentives aren't quite aligned. And this product is one where as it's growing, because all the incentives are aligned, we're now seeing everyone talk about it. Because, yeah, this is so exciting. This is great for  And it was basically, you know, and only the way Nabil knows how to do a single tweet that, you know, really highlighted like, look, this is a SAS based fund structure or whatever. When you guys talk about it internally, I don't know if that's a kind of a mantra for you guys, that one sentence that he used, or if it's just something that you guys have thought through in terms of what those advantages are. How do you describe it to people who are considering rolling fund versus traditional fund? Yeah, good question. I will say,  It's a product ad's value for every single type of manager. Now, in terms of why we see an emerging manager, that's someone who's just starting Fund One, maybe on Fund Two, who's using it, for them, what we're noticing is they can effectively raise any time. They can start small, they can raise 100K, and then start making investments and publicly share them, assuming, of course, the startup has publicly shared it.  If you want to become a VC, you can come here, you can get started small, and then we'll grow up with you. For the established manager, the definition here is anyone who's on fund 2, 3, 4, or they've worked at a large venture fund, and they have a network, what's resonating there is the fact that they don't need to go spend 12 to 18 months of their lives every few years fundraising. All they need to do is get the fund started today, get the  We're seeing that resonate with the established managers, which is just never worry about raising another fund again. This is your last fund. It's going to be your great fund. And that's it. And for emerging managers, it's the get started very, very quickly. I just love the idea that it's so flexible and so kind of compartmentalized in terms of the different features and parameters so that you can make it identical to a traditional fund or you can make it something that you deem is more beneficial. Right. And so kind of that flexibility, I think, is a key piece. Everyone's excited.  it's a new structure. It's just new information to take in. But what we found is once the LP knows, like how it all works very, very quick. And some of this is changing so quickly. And even as recent as like a few weeks ago, where now the community is writing up all these amazing posts, I'm reading some of these and I'm like, this is amazing. I will actually send some of that collateral over to LPs or even GPs. And I would say that is the biggest trade off today is that it is  If I was to be, you know, if I'm going to be, if I was to like really pick one, that would be one. And then how do the fees work in terms of on a deal basis and then also for kind of the owner or manager of the rolling fund? Yeah. So we, we simplified the fees as much as possible, right? We really do believe in a simple model. So there's not a lot of fine print and asterisk and all of that. The fees are basically,  So for an LP, all they need to think about is whatever the GP is charging, just add 0.15% to it. And that's what we're charging. So we've made it very, very, very slim. Because again, we want to make sure we bring on as many of these GPs as possible, simple pricing, and we're just going to grow with them. Got it. And then one of the things that I've heard a lot of investors ask, and I actually don't know the answer to this, is let's say that you've got a rolling fund.  if they go find more deals like that?  fund because what they're doing is protecting against the issue that if it later, I'll be comes in, they don't want exposure to the early LPs investments, which is how it's structured today in a rolling fund. The way we do it is as soon as an investor comes in and he comes in, they don't get exposed to anything before their investment only to after. What's interesting is that in VC, when you have like when you're investing in a fund where someone has a  which is our incentives are aligned for all people involved. And so we thought deeply about that particular piece as well. Yeah. And then rolling funds are obviously growing and it's very obvious, at least from my perspective that this is just a better way to do it. How do you see the impact on kind of venture capital more broadly? Is every early stage manager going to have a rolling fund? Do kind of the traditional fund structures disappear and Angelus runs the world?  be seriously onwards. What will happen is over the next couple of years, because we're basically a leading indicator of this, we're seeing all of this happen, we're going to see the solo capitalist concept scale very quickly. And the solo capitalist, if you really break that down, it's basically one person with a brand that is leveraging their brand to raise capital to get greater  for pre-seed funds and seed funds from these solo capitalists. And we will see some portion of them scale their fund to start leading Series A deals. So there will be more competition that will start coming in across stages. But I do think the branded firms, the ones who've built the brand over multiple decades, they will continue to endure because again, they have a crack record. But we are gonna see more competition. And I do think that even at the Series A stage,  there will be a coexistence for sure. And again, we have a very sizable traditional fund business. It is something we're actually sharing more and more, but it is very sizable. And so we do see that side of it as well. But yeah, I think rolling funds will be from a percentage of number of funds and capital deployed into startups. It's gonna have an impact at PreC, C, Series A, and Series B. And by the way, we're already seeing this. We're seeing some really fascinating stuff  that just didn't want to go through that long, painful fundraising process because maybe they're running a company or they're already making angel investments. They just want to go through that process. But this one, it's so easy. I personally actually rolled my angel investing into a rolling fund because I had some friends that just wanted to get exposure to my investing. And I don't have an intention to raise a large rolling fund, but for me personally, great, I'll just roll it into it.  up first is what's the most important book that you've ever read?  that they've reached Earth yet. But I just I can't see a world where we're a unique special snowflake and there's no one else in the world. I just don't see it. So I'm a believer but I'm also a huge sci fi big. So yeah. I don't know. You got the UFOs. You got all these people who think they're here. So we'll figure that out. You get asked me one question to finish up with a question. When are you starting your rolling fund. I was worried that I was going to  and Angelus features. Yeah, so to follow me, you can go to twitter.com slash adblock, A-B-L-O-K. And to find out more about Angelus Venture, you can go to angel.co slash venture. Awesome. Well, listen, this was a lot of fun. Please, please, please keep doing what you guys are doing. Go faster if you can. We're working on it. I'm really impressed. And obviously, I think that the impact here is not yet quite understood. So it'd be fun to watch.