 All right, guys, bang, bang. Zach is back. He's got some big news today. What's going on, man? You only want to talk to me when we raise money, Tom. I don't know. It's like we have financing news and all of a sudden you let me come on the show again. I'm begging you to come on the show. Zach is too busy these days. No. All right. Let's just get the news right out of the way. For those that don't know, Zach is the founder and CEO of the  which is really exciting. He's been instrumental in helping us get to where we are today. So maybe I'll turn this question around on you in a second, Bob, and say, why do you leave this investment round? But we had some really awesome participants in the round, some of our existing investors, like Velar, who led the Series A and Series B, folks like Winklevoss Capital, Fidelity, some of our other institutional firms that have invested in subsequent rounds in the company.  sports world. But yeah, you know, proceeds are going towards the same stuff that they always go to, building more products, going to team and trying to add more value for our clients and putting our capital position in an increasingly stronger and stronger place, which is really important for a company that's in the type of business that we're in. So, you know, we've actually raised equity capital every six months since  moving. So we're excited. Awesome. So I realized that there might be one or two people who are listening who actually don't know what BlockFi does. Maybe give us a quick overview of what BlockFi does and then we'll get back to the funding news. Yeah, sure. So, you know, the original idea for BlockFi was to build debt and credit markets for the crypto space. So I was working in FinTech specifically in the online lending sector. I was personally investing in Bitcoin. I tried to get a loan from a bank to buy an investment property  be a massive asset class. Banks are going to be slow to touch it. And that creates an opportunity to build a business around that idea. And so that was the original idea. 2017, we started. Fast forward to today. We're really a financial services company that's focused on building products for cryptocurrency investors. So you can download the BlockFi app and earn interest on your Bitcoin, 6% interest on your Bitcoin, 8.6%  we have today. It's available on the web and in the mobile app and we're launching more stuff in the future. But that's what we do. 175 people at the company now, which is crazy. Absolutely not. So these three products, I think one of the key pieces for what gets me excited is most businesses in crypto start out as these brokerage businesses, right? So the example that I've used with you, obviously, for other people to understand is Robinhood, for example, in the  And I think that in crypto, you guys have been kind of the leader or one of the companies that realized this early. And you started out with deposits payments and now I've continued to add these services. Maybe talk about the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the  then you have a better chance of being able to make money off of those assets. So, it's always a game about getting balances and then figuring out ways to monetize those balances which intersects with enabling your customers to do more things with them or launching more products. So, that's the way we've always thought about it. One of the other reasons why this is important is financial  to be constantly releasing new products that add value for our clients so that, you know, one, you can add monetization into the platform from these balances that, you know, should be growing. But two, you can create stickiness with folks. So, we've kind of thought about the end goal for us in terms of the client relationship that we want to have as being the equivalent to, you know, when someone gets a mailer and this probably happens to you. I know it happens to me  and the way you do that is create a compelling product suite so that someone can not only earn interest on their Bitcoin, but they can also get a loan against their portfolio if they ever need to. They can buy and sell it if they ever need to. We're really excited about our first product that we're launching in the payment space. It's going to be a Bitcoin rewards credit card so you can spend money every day on a credit card and earn Bitcoin as rewards for it. And that's just going to flow into your interest account immediately when you're in the market.  that's the end goal for us. Yeah. And one of the things that has been really interesting for me to see is this default digital currency world that you've created. So when somebody brings money into the system, it doesn't sit in cash ever, right? It sits in a stable coin. And so kind of explain how that works and why that's important. Because I do think that it also changes the mindset of a user, right? Like you are in this digital ecosystem. Let's talk a little bit about  And so when you fund a BlockFi account from your bank, which you can do via a wire transfer, it doesn't sit as dollars at BlockFi. It sits as GUSD, but that's basically interchangeable with dollars. You can wire it back out to your bank account. But the reason we represent it that way is that it enables us to kind of do some of the things that we want to do without falling squarely into traditional  $1,000,000 Series C. Obviously, things must be going well, but what metrics can you share kind of publicly as to how things are going with the business? Yeah, sure. So, you know, to touch on a couple of, you know, high-level stats, we'll use the end of last year as a benchmark. So, like, you know, December 2019, we made less than a million dollars in our, you know, in that month in terms of top line revenue. Today, that number is just under $10 million.  So at the beginning of the month, you, you couldn't buy and sell Bitcoin by the end of December, 2019, you could buy and sell Bitcoin, but now we're starting to see, uh, you know, real volumes, uh, flowing through, uh, that, that product, which is, which is awesome. Um, so yeah, it's, uh, you know, it's been, um, really incredible growth, including I think pretty notably through, uh, the Corona virus, you know, situation that we're seeing, uh, in the past, uh,  Yeah. So for those that missed that, in seven, eight months, you've almost 10 X revenue. You've increased assets by six or seven X, all while keeping that perfect track record on the lending side. Talk a little bit about why is that so important and how do financial service businesses think about kind of no loss of capital when it comes to those lending practices? Sure. So  is going very early on. I came out of the online lending world where a lot of what happened, peer to peer online lending world, a lot of what went on there was unsecured consumer loans. And that's a way you can build a really big and successful business there, but you're dealing with defaults where you lose principle. And it's really hard to predict because there's a lot of variables related to the macroeconomic cycle or where someone lives or how they're doing  tighter ratios. And this type of lending, which is most analogous to securities lending in the traditional financial world, is one of the least risky types of lending out there. So our chief risk officer, Renee Van Kestren, who was a managing director at BAML before becoming our chief risk officer, he oversaw all of this lending within the prime brokerage arm of Merrill Lynch and then Bank of America Merrill Lynch and never lost a penny while he was doing it.  And speaking of the lending, talk a little bit, the number one question I get from people who are unfamiliar either with this type of business or are looking at crypto for the first time is they see you can earn up to 8.6% APY on an interest bearing account. Kind of give people the 60 seconds on how exactly you guys are able to pay that and why that product is so compelling to folks. Yeah, sure. So, you know, we're able to pay it because that's what we're charging folks  you know, an analogy there would be like the cannabis industry, for example, where, you know, it's newer, not as many banks are active. Maybe some folks are still figuring out how they feel about it from a regulatory and compliance perspective. And as a result, if you have, you know, a cannabis business and you want to get a loan, you have to pay much higher rates than if you're trying to get a loan as a, you know, more traditional business, like a UPS store or pizza restaurant.  where you could earn 8% in a savings account. Like those days are gone. And so, being able to do it with a company like BlockFi because it's kind of doing similar types of activities but within the cryptocurrency sector is really awesome and you can just do the math. However much money you have in an account earning 0.8% at Marcus with Goldman Sachs or an allies high yield savings account, multiply it by 10. Like that's how much you'll earn if it's an account with BlockFi. Absolutely.  or disagree with that has actually been a tailwind in the sense of people are looking for alternatives from that legacy system or do you not see any kind of connection there so far? It's definitely been a tailwind. There's the tailwind of people doing more things digitally out of necessity, right? Because of the health situation. So online brokerages in the financial world, you know, online services and  things like gold in the past have done really well. I think Bitcoin is part of that story now. And as a result, the cryptocurrency asset class is part of that story. So more people are getting interested in it. We catch a little bit of that trend. And then lastly, we're part of a story within the crypto sector of more products and services being built specifically around this asset class and more traditional financial services  We're really excited about that. We think it's going to be a fun product for people who already understand and own some Bitcoin, but also a great product for people who are kind of crypto curious or have always wanted some, but they just haven't really taken the plunge because everybody's familiar with earning reward points on a credit card. It's a super low risk way to get some exposure. We've been expanding internationally. So we have folks on the ground now in London.  If you have skills, whether it's engineering or marketing or institutional type trading and risk management stuff, operations, finance, if you go to, if you type in like BlockFi Jobs in Google, it'll take you to our jobs page. I don't know how many are posted right now, but we're expecting to be around 250 people by the end of this year.  with and we're just doing it through Zoom now instead of in the office. Love that. Two things I know people, if we don't talk about will tweet at us and we'll be doing customer service on Twitter. First is give us an update on the Bitcoin rewards credit card. What does that timeline look like and kind of any updates there? Yeah. So we hit a bit of a delay with COVID because in order to launch the Bitcoin rewards credit  to folks that work at BlockFi and maybe investors and influencers like Pomp. So you'll probably see Pomp recording videos, paying for things with his Bitcoin rewards credit card before the holiday season. And then we'll have a broader, more public rollout early next year. You'll be able to get on the waiting list this year. We'll be releasing details starting in a month or two about how it's going to work, who the partners are, what the rates are,  And I was like, wait a second. I'm not flying anywhere. Right? So it's not going to end up mattering. Uh, second question is, uh, there are certain states that, uh, you guys are not available in. Um, and I get berated on the internet. My DMS are full of people saying when, whatever state, uh, what, what's kind of the update there in terms of, uh, how many states are you guys in? And then, uh, I'm like, wait a second. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere. I'm not flying anywhere  but every other state in the US, you can earn interest on your crypto. And then there's about 35 out of the 50 states where you can wire money in and out of our platform. That's an area where we're actively adding more states. Our regulatory construct is that we have an MSB registration at the federal level, money services business, and then we have lending licenses and money transmission licenses at the state level. That second  down on the page. It'll talk about, you know, whether you can get loans or an interest trade and move money in and out of your bank now, or only a subset of those things. Mr. Going Parabolic himself is, he loves BlockFi as everyone knows. Last thing for you, and you don't know that I'm asking this, the interest that you have had in BlockFi from investors has been unlike  term sheet without having to kind of go out and go through a whole fundraising process that most founders have to go through. Um, yeah, I mean, you know, to, to be completely fair, we, we usually go through a bit of a fundraising process because we don't want to, um, you know, get a term sheet from an insider and not do a little bit of a, of a market check. Um, but my reaction is always, uh, you know, kind of one part excitement and, and  And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I  the things that I want are a good outcome from a capitalist perspective for the people who work at the company and everybody who works at BlockFi has a level of equity ownership in the business and our investors who give us money. And if those two people make money, I'm sure I'll do just fine. So number one objective is let's have a good outcome. Number two objective is let's have fun in the process of  pricing for the same types of things people already do with the traditional system, whether that's how much interest you earn or how much it costs to move money around. And that creates greater accessibility. Like one of the coolest things about crypto, one of the things that drew me into it initially is like, okay, it's like the internet. Like you can connect to the internet, you can access the cryptocurrency space. And there's a lot of, you know, there's a lot of bad stuff that goes on in the world when it comes to how governments operate,  you're sitting in a rocking chair 40 years from now and you're like, remember that time we built a, you know, globally accessible bank that was just like better than anything else that existed before it. I mean, that, that, that would be pretty cool. So we'll see how far we get. You're well on your way there, my friend. Um, if anyone wants to sign up, they can obviously go to blockfi.com slash pomp. If you go to slash pomp, I actually don't remember what you get, but you get discounts, treats, whatever it is. Uh, so go do that. Um,  I think we should, before the end of this show, like, you led this investment round and, and I know you're interviewing me, but like, why don't you tell people why you decided to be the insider who, you know, let us series C in the, in the block with all the information and, you know, stuff that you do at Morgan Creek. Yeah. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with my time. I thought I was going to get away with  cap out at a certain number of users. These are things that you can make a strong argument are just starting and you can see a very long runway to use it. Now, the benefit of that is there's a bunch of data points in the legacy world that we can look at and see how did those wealth management services or those types of financial services businesses start products, scale products, and what were those outcomes. So I think looking at the data today with that as the backdrop, very compelling.  credit card type products. You can't do that without average actually having a conversion point back and forth between Fiat and digital currencies like within exchange. And so I think that you just know that this infrastructure has got to get built. And if you go back to kind of that example I used where you compare like the Robinhood or a brokerage type business versus a deposit and payment type business. I'm a very big believer that the deposit deposit and payment business is a model that can  How do I build a company to sell it? Or how do I get to a hundred million dollar exit? Or if I reach really, really far, imagine if I could build a billion dollar business. And those are all great outcomes. A lot of times they can be very profitable for founders, employees, investors. There's nothing wrong with that. Every once in a while though, I think a company comes along that has the potential to do something much greater than that. And when I say much greater, it's not only impacting the world,  I mean, I don't even think it was brought up one time in terms of like the operation. Yeah, we did that. Like it's going to have to, right? I mean, it literally is like, how do we go from where we are now to 10 X hundred at, you know what I mean? Like, like let's go. And it's more of this money now allows you to slam on the gas pedal, leave it on the gas pedal. Right. And it's like, I mean, it's like, I don't know, it's like, I don't know, it's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I don't know. It's like, I  And I think that the, the, um, the, the really great position you find yourself in is we're not the only ones who believe that. Like I think almost every investor at the table thinks that as well. Right. And so you, so you get in a situation where, um, both insiders and outsiders all see, uh, the value in the business. And now it just comes down to, okay, capital is not going to be a limiting factor. Zach, Florie, the rest of the block fight team. It's just, can you guys execute? Right. And I love when we just compartmentalize.  I'm like incredibly competent that Bitcoin's going to hit new all time highs sometime in the next six to 18 months. That's going to be so fun. Like, like half all this stuff, you know, here and ready and built. Uh, and then, uh, you know, have that available to folks in a scenario where, you know, all the mainstream press is paying attention again because Bitcoin hit a new all time high and they thought it was dead. And then they thought it was dead. And then they thought it was dead.  like there's things that I can do. I can film my airline points and get Bitcoin instead. Of course. And so it's just the infrastructure, right? And BlockFi has been a big piece of that. It's not BlockFi only, like there's companies all across the industry that have built a ton of infrastructure that I think would just be more compelling to people. And so it'll be a lot of fun to kind of watch your play. All right, man. Always fun coming on the show. Thanks for having me. You got it. BlockFi.com slash pop. Zach is going to continue going. So this is going to