 All right, guys. Bang, bang. Got Nelson here. What's going on, man? How are you? Glad to be here. Absolutely. Thanks so much for joining us. So for those that don't know, Nelson runs a business called Cadence that our partners and I invested in. We're super, super excited about what they're doing in the private credit space. So before we talk about that, though, let's start with  and I learned just life before we became Bank America. So that was fantastic. Left that thinking, you know, everyone's saying do the buy side, buy side so much better than sell side. So I joined the buy side, joined BlackRock, realized that the buy side was probably not better than sell side and it wasn't really that great to begin with. Sell side wasn't that great either. So left that thinking, you know, I had the opportunity to do my own thing. Let's try it, see how it goes. And what ended up being my own thing was really launching a strategy consulting firm that helps startups build and ground up. So had a lot of good case studies there.  And so I was like, okay, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, okay, I'm going to do this.  because it's not the banks, not anymore at least. They do their very specific, very large institutional deals. But in terms of Main Street mom and pop shops, this is where it actually gets done. And that was fascinating for me at least. So we saw the opportunity there. But as we dug deeper and deeper into it, we realized how broken all of private credit was. There was no transparency. There was no data around it. There's no ability to verify any transactions of it. It's a pretty opaque market, somewhat intentionally. And so if you have the opportunity to really bring that level  which is not your tradi bonds, etcetera. So wit markets, it's a wide mix. you venture capital, you have and you have this catch al credit. And so private cr a variety of different th as like small business l loans, factory receivables, that are just in kind of l that are smaller dollar.  extra stop lending to the side of the market. So that's been one that's been an area of significant growth. But like I mentioned earlier, the transparency part is a huge problem. So of that trillion dollars, about 400 billion is sitting in cash waiting to find deals, deploy into deals, if they can literally just have a solution for them. And that's really where we come in. Got it. And so the people who are offering these opportunities, you mentioned small businesses, maybe just talk a little bit about, you know, kind of who's taking on the debt and kind of what  revenue that they're projected to receive coming up over the next couple of months. So these businesses on a regular basis need to take a loan out to be able to have working capital when things take longer to pay out and things like that. So they usually go online, they Google it because their bank probably won't lend to them at this point these days. And they find the various different, you know, most of them are in tech companies actually who kind of cover this space, your undecks, your cabbages, things like that on the small business side. So they go to them and they say, Hey, you know, I need a loan for X dollars. This is my  in the offices or even when they're really small, they're actually lending off their own balance sheet. So a lot of FinTech startups who are backed by VCs to get off the ground, they are their first source of capital. It's very, very expensive. So the ecosystem that we're helping facilitate is basically getting the lenders the most probably flexible, cheapest cost of capital they can get and provide it at every single phase of their growth because lenders ideally grow from being a small lender to a mid-sized lender  this yet. Yeah, so it's a the fact of like right pla So you had the last couple fantastic with FinTech, infrastructure side spec companies building the pip and analyze the data comi that's any transaction you'r money on the money side. for something at a point o or you're trading online or balances like plaid, Diwala, S  for it to get there. And so we came out in mid 2018 ish probably still a little too early for all this stuff. But we took the time to build out all this infrastructure that we need to do on our side to be able to actually provide that information to help both sides find each other. Right. So if a if a lender can provide all the information they need to a third party that third party can package up in a way that is very institutionally friendly for these people who provide the capital to actually deal  initial vision for the company was just what you see on our website right now with cadence.io. So it's pretty much a fairly standard conventional alternative investment marketplace. You have the ability to sign on. You can see various different opportunities. I'd like to think that we have one of the cooler mouse traps on the street when it comes to alternative investments. It is the shortest duration investment products on the market. So we have one month, three months, six month investments. We have probably the comparable yields everybody else in the market in the range  simply because they didn't know any better, right? They don't have capital markets teams dedicated towards getting them cheaper capital as they get bigger and bigger. And so that's really when we decided to dig deep into what the underlying problems were and realize that if we can create, call it the central source of truth of asset performance data for all of these various sort of lenders that we work with, we can help them get from every single phase to the next phase of their life in a very institutionally friendly way. And so the businesses evolved dramatically from being a, you know,  the same exact time for us. It was like almost like simultaneously. But so we first, you know, we had some clients in the private credit space for my old consulting company. So we knew that would be a good starting point. We had a bunch of people who were friends, family that worked in finance that kind of dabbled in this space before. So we basically just reached out to everybody and tried to see who's a good lender, who's a good potential investor. And we said, if I can make a product for you that you could invest in very quickly, very easily, would you invest in it? And they said, yeah, I mean, if it's a month  inventory with that, they do whatever they want, they can grow with that. So that was our first one, did fantastically well. And on the investor side, we had a couple months to build up a user base of investors that were honestly friends and family, we just kind of add them all to the list. But also people who signed up from some of the direct marketing efforts that we had, we were able to close deals. So at January 2019, we launched our first private beta deal. It closed in a couple days. We thought, wow, there's people that actually gave us $250,000 to invest in this.  the VASA performance data, right? So at the end of the day, what that means is we need to provide tools, workflow, all these things for lenders to be able to actually better access capital markets. So this first SaaS product is designed to essentially facilitate the servicing and surveillance that we're doing on their data. And so they're paying us a monthly fee to be able to actually have our team go in there and essentially package up and understand, analyze, ingest, aggregate, whatever you want to call it, the data coming through and be able to present that to investors  get a sense, whatever you're comfortable sharing kind of publicly, where are you guys right now? Right. And we've kind of talked about the product itself, but from a data standpoint, like where are you so far? Sure. Yeah. So about three quarters of our originators are actually, we're able to actually capture ingest and analyze and present the data on pretty much a daily basis. And so we actually make that available to any investor on our platform. They can see it every single day. It was, we probably, COVID probably accelerated some  say from a workflow standpoint, we've gotten pretty good of an understanding of what, you know, small business lending data is supposed to look like, what consumer lending data is supposed to look like. Now it's just a matter of continuing to push the envelope and what it takes to automate it, what it takes to make it more efficient and what it takes to really create workflow around it. And that's really what, you know, we're doing with that, uh, Kadin Sync, that lender portal. Um, we're launching features every week. We launched a one, I think last week around, um, just overall documentation of, of all the various different things that we have going for them.  So how has that impacted the business, either positively or negatively? Yeah, I think it's overall for the positive. It does force your hand in a lot of ways, right? Like you need to react very quickly. You need to adapt. So like I mentioned earlier, we did launch our accelerated surveillance reporting for more lenders than we would have normally. So when we pre-COVID, we had two lenders out of 12 that had surveillance on a daily basis, and we ratcheted up to nine, basically. So that was just the only way we were able to get comfortable with  every asset has a price that a buyer will come in at. They just need to figure out what that price is. That's really what this Dutch auction intend to do. So how it works very simply is let's say you have a lender that's willing to take basically, you call it 14% cost of capital, right? That's their maximum. We can go out to our investors and say, hey, you know, if we go out with 12%, how much are you willing to invest? 13%, how much are we willing to invest? 14%, how much are we willing to invest? And in a, if it's a normal, you know, conventional investor, they would say, I'm willing to do 50 grand at 12%,  is everything came down, right? Because they were performing, they were delivering. And so what was originally 12, jumped to 16, is now back down to like 13. And that's fantastic, right? Because we were actually still able to give out capital when during that time, everyone was cutting back. So the pandemic forced our hand in that regard. But outside of that, we've seen investor demand increase dramatically as things have started to be a little bit more clear, right? So the stock market has defied all expectations in terms of how it's doing.  that. And so it doesn't matter if the stock market goes up, stock market goes down, that's still going to be there. So being able to provide investors that level of diversification, we've seen a lot of flight towards our assets and our investments as a result. I see. And so as you go through this, how important is your access to what I'll call near real-time data? That's one of the things that Timmy was so impressive is if you're in a normal scenario, normal marketplace, that data  important has that been in all facets of the business? It's probably been the most important thing, right? So when you think about all these different agreements that get drafted for, you know, if you don't have X dollars in your bank account, then you owe us this money, right? Like sort of standard agreements that are line items in an agreement as part of any lender to or financier to a lender. If you don't have visibility into the bank account, then how are you going to verify that? You're going to go off their word. I mean, that's basically what it was for a long time. For the actual borrowers  us to make sure that it's performing as we expect it to. So this daily surveillance reporting that we create guides every single decision we need to make. And it was extremely important during COVID when everyone's portfolio was out of whack, basically. So it's like, how fast is the portfolio deteriorating? If we can extrapolate it out, like in 90 days, by the end of this note, what is it going to look like? Do they have enough cash to cover? All these things are things that we can see daily, and so we can react daily. And we can get ahead of it.  performance, which you would never be able to do in private credit normally. Absolutely. And this kind of is a nice segue into this fat brand deal that you guys did. I remember when you first started telling me about it, I was like, wow, that's a pretty big jump from kind of smaller credit opportunities, right? To what ended up being tens of millions of dollars. And you said one specific thing around this data that just blew my mind, which was, no, we can get near real-time or whatever the terminology used was on a  is amongst a couple of other things like I think Hurricane and Ponderosa and things like that. So it's an aggregator, a Yum Brands, if you will, or an aspirational Yum Brands. And they've done really well to be able to kind of group all these brands together. But they were looking for a growth capital. They wanted to actually take their company to the next level. And you raise debt for that, basically. That's like the easiest path towards that. And so they came to us because the size is small. The banks normally do 100, $150 million deals.  investors in certain sort of waterfall. So we were able to successfully close that because we were a up and coming young company that had aspirations to get bigger. They were willing to take a chance with us and we were very cost effective from a fee standpoint because our overhead is significantly lower than a bank. But without a doubt, they definitely took a chance and believed in us and we owe them a lot for that. So we're very grateful. But yeah, to your point, this is why companies like Square and Striper are so powerful because they're actually clearing  the number 25 largest U.S. structuring agent of AsaBAC securities in the first half of 2020. So there are no startups on that list. So we feel very fortunate and we are one above STEFL. So we'll take that all day, every day. But yeah, more to come on the back half of this year. We were able to leverage that trade to be able to kind of prove ourselves and make a name for ourselves in industry. And we've gotten a lot of inbounds as a result of that kind of playing in this call at 15 to a hundred million dollar sector that no one actually covers well.  on a sentence, right? So I can totally see why that's the case. For a seed stage startup, it's great for us. We can take that all day every day. That's why it worked out. But yeah, the team came together and it just really pushed to be able to get this thing done. But it was what normally would be a half dozen people. We had two, essentially. So that was a learning lesson for us. But it was good. It was well worth it. And obviously, it sounds like you're looking to do more of those types of deals. Yeah, absolutely.  pretty good on that front. We're excited for what will happen in the back half of 2020 as we close some of these big ticket ones out. Before we get to what the future of Cadence looks like, what's the pitch to investors? Whether they're individuals or they are institutions, when you go out and you talk to them, it's pretty obvious why originators would want to do this. They get access to a pool of capital and it can be cost effective for them to do that and very clean  institutional caliber or institutional grade deals at a lower minimum than you would normally see elsewhere, you get that diversification that you want away from equities, away from other things you may have in your portfolio for consistent returns. And you also have the ability to actually verify how it's doing with the data that we have. But when it comes to more of the institutional investors, it's really kind of that history that we've built with these lenders, right? So they're always looking for high quality deals. If you can give them and be a consistent source of high quality deals, that's fantastic. But the difference here is  credit portfolio manager, spends about 85% of the time sourcing diligence, not actually portfolio managing. So the ability for us to be able to shorten that dramatically means they can actually do more of their job that they actually enjoy and put the money to work. And the truth is, this is the $400 billion burning hole in their pocket, right? They have to allocate this. They need to find opportunities. We can give it to them in a scalable way and help them actually put real dollars to work. So just being able to get in front of them is something that they'd appreciate for the types of unique, high quality  and maybe some of the retention of the investors, they've invested and come back again. Yeah, for sure. So the truth is everyone that we've hired from the capital market side came from traditional finance, right? They've actually done asset back secures generally, or they've been from ratings industry or something like that. And so they have an institutional lens whenever they look at something like this. And our products reflect that, right? We have a lot of institutional grade features and bells and whistles in the market.  because of the short duration nature of our products. We were able to reprice, resize, restructure during COVID. But also because the data, we were able to see sort of situations arise if they were about to arise. Our default rate is about a little over 2%, which is pretty much like the lowest in the industry at this point. You have other places that are in the 15, 20, 30% range. And it's because they get caught out. When you have super long dated products, like three years, four years, five years, you can go through an entire recession in five years. And you would never know what happens to that product.  actually the former head of asset back securities and CLOs at Morningstar. So bring another one more layer of institutional experience to the table. And he's already done even more to kind of make this even more institutionalized. So we're pushing the envelope on that front. And there's a good reason for that. If our retail deals are more institutional like, then that means that when they go to the institutional markets, they're already institutionally ready. So everything we do on the retail side,  efficient, everything can be done better through data. And so we put our flag in the ground for private credit as a starting point, because we thought that was probably the most opaque asset class out of all the private capital markets opportunities. And it's also the one that has the most demand. So if we can do that, and we can facilitate capital markets transaction on that front more efficiently, they were in really good shape. So really, our job is not to be an issuer, our job is not to be a structure, our job is not to be a bank.  And so we need to basically provide and create something that has and gives us the widest funnel possible and the fastest ability to diligence and figure out where they fit in the funnel. Like do they fit with our retail platform? Do they fit as a direct matchmaking deal? Do they fit as a institutional deal? Do they fit straight for the banks? It really depends, right? So if we can create software around that to be able to capture the entire ecosystem, then we have that at our advantage, right? So we can then pick and choose.  some part of the business, whether it's the business model, a piece of technology, whatever, that you guys created or built, but you didn't realize how important it would be until it was actually in place. Yeah, I think we accidentally stumbled into it, I guess. The whole concept of the short-term note program was the brainchild of our head of capital markets. And it was because he came from an institutional background. He was at UBS, at Capital Markets, all of that.  that really has helped us differentiate ourselves out there with the rest of the market. So it's, think of it as like a commercial paper desk for FinTech lender, which is unheard of because CP is normally for like GE or bank America or any of those guys. We're giving it to a FinTech lender who is a very early stage. That was great for the lender, great for the investor. And it helped us solve that chicken egg problem very quickly because everyone realized they were all on the same page and they wanted the same exact things. Yeah, that's awesome. I asked the same two questions to everyone.  And so when you have the ability to give everyone, get everyone on the same page and everyone understands how they fit into the broader piece of the puzzle and they have a say in how they shape what the quarters was look like and what the years looks like, it's incredibly powerful. So we've iterated on and made it our own in a lot of ways, but it serves as the framework for what we do on a day-to-day basis to ensure that everyone is doing what they're supposed to be doing. And you don't need to micromanage. If they're delivering what they say on that front, then we're going to have a great quarter.  Uh, interesting. You mean what the Pentagon released or those, those videos? So those are the official releases, but it sounds like there's more and more, uh, UFOs being seen every day now. Yeah. Um, I think the official releases are probably, I don't know, government, like, you know, next gen technology from maybe a different government, but, um, the, uh, yeah, it's, it'll be interesting. I think, uh, some of those have to be real at some point it's, you know, just from pure probability standpoint, they can't all be fake.  end of the decade. Now, somebody was asking me recently, is that because I think the Bitcoin market cap is going to increase or because I think the gold market cap is going to decrease? Obviously, I think that it is more so that the Bitcoin market cap is going to increase than gold is going to decrease. But look, there's an argument to be made that you could have some of the market cap of sound money enthusiasts from gold leave to go to Bitcoin or whatever. But that to me isn't even like  you basically got to go, let's say gold's eight or $9 trillion. You got to get to like 80, 90, you got to get like another 10 X. So like, you know, you start talking, yeah, well you just start talking about like from a $200 billion market cap or give or take today to 8 trillion was that, that's a 40 X, right? Yeah. So about 40 X they get another 10 X you got 400 X to get to the monetary supply. Like that's going to take a while.  just not quite there yet right now. It's gonna take a little bit of time. Yeah. It is definitely, I think, going to be interesting in terms of kind of what's the path from here to there. But I've got pretty deep confidence that we know where we're going. It's just, you know, we got to figure out what road we're taking. At some point, it'll get there as, as with all things. So yeah, absolutely. So before I let you go, where can people find you on the internet and where can they find out more about cadence? Sure. Absolutely. So our website is with cadence.io. Feel free to check it out.  Thanks a lot for having me.