 All right guys, bang bang. I got my brother here. That's right. We've got four brothers. There's five of us. My second youngest brother Joseph's here. What's up, man? I was, I was really hoping to do the intro a little bang bang. So, uh, I've got four younger brothers. I'm the oldest Joseph's second youngest. We're six years apart and I wanted him to come here. He had a big job.  He went to college. So we literally grew up in the same house with the same mom was same dad. Like that's how it works. We fought all the time as kids. Uh, usually I won just cause I was older, a little bit bigger, but that's fine. He's smarter. Not recently. So, uh, where'd you go to school? I went to high point university, North Carolina. Where's that? No, okay. North Carolina high point, North Carolina. Can we tell the story about high point and just how ridiculous little place that is? It's an absurd school for those of you that don't know about it. It is, uh,  your name. Let me in. He's like, who are you here to see? And I was like, like, what, who are you? The police? Like, I'm going to get in trouble. But long story short, it's literally like a country club is basically what this thing looks like. Uh, it's like gated pools, pools outside the dorm rooms. It's got fountains everywhere. And what's the guy's name who runs the place? Cubane, Nita, Nito Cubane. Yeah. This guy, his whole theory is if you basically put kids into an environment where, uh, they learn to be successful from the things  No, you were here and it's almost whole story. He just looks at me goes now. That was my oldest brother. He's in California. Good luck. They said yeah, you're Anthony, right? He's like no But good luck catching him, you know, whatever we'll get into those stories later, but all right, so you go to a high point Would you study? Yeah business? Yeah business administration just business like Jesus Business business business business administration It's a liberal arts school. So there there it was a minor in economics, but business. Yeah, okay. And then what'd you do after college?  I worked at my junior year of college. I worked at Octagon in Washington, DC, which is a sports agency. They do, you know, represent athletes. They do the marketing, the brand partnerships, all of that for athletes. So that was kind of an extension of, you know, my interest in sports and everything like that. And then it just, it just so happened, you know, when I got out of school that, um, you know, I moved up here and got an opportunity in financial services. So I, uh, I took that route initially. All right. Shout out will Yoder, who was at Octagon will now does sports partnerships at Instagram.  Best track athlete ever. Bolt. Best basketball player ever. LeBron James. Who wins in one-on-one? You or me? Me. Oh, man. We can go sell out here. He tries to play like bully ball down low. When you're bigger... That don't fly. When you're bigger, you could bully everybody. Yeah, that's the approach he takes. Bully ball. At least you know the name of the strat. That's a good one. That's a good one. All right. So five weeks ago, you haven't ever created a piece of content ever on the internet. And for people who know me know that I've created a lot of content on YouTube.  created a sub stack and he'd written a first article, but hadn't published it yet. And we just went back and looked at how many subscribers did you have? Uh, two, two. Me and my girlfriend, Lexi. So I was subscriber number three. Yeah. I think Polina was subscriber number four. Four. There was a mystery subscriber number five. And then he went back to four. So it was a slow start. But we figured out that it was actually the fifth subscriber was Joseph on his working movie unsubscribe from himself.  marketing, brand stuff, things like that, right? So I think there's a huge audience for that type of stuff. And when you look around, there's not really, I mean, there's definitely people doing it, but I think most people are probably either like really good at the sports side or really good at the business side and they don't do a good job, like maybe partnering the two together, right? So that's kind of where the niche I saw was and I started writing about it. And pretty much the person who like made this niche famous with Darren Rovelle 20 years ago, but Darren Rovelle, shout out Rovelle.  So when we say he's gone viral, let's see what you had one tweet thread that got 11,000 likes on Twitter. You got one that got 40,000 likes on Twitter. Today you got a tweet that's got 6,000 and today wasn't a thread. So Joe has gone from non-existent on Twitter five weeks ago to how many 20,000 followers now? 20K followers. Most of you listened and been trying your whole life to get 20K followers. You don't have 20K followers. Joe did it in five weeks. They all came from you.  every day, send it out in the morning. It could be anything, right? You've seen, I mean, you've seen them obviously for those of subscribed. It's so you break down the revenue behind leagues, player contracts, uh, great investment deals. You speculate on what certain teams or companies should do. Like pretty much anything business and sports, anything business and sports could be, you know, stories of great investments, uh, where I think the space is going in the future, uh, how the NBA makes money, concussion issues in the NFL. It's not bright. It could be anything. Listen, the reason why I wanted  And what were the six principles? Let's go through them, right? So one was just to be clear about what your audience should expect, right? So you tell them the business and money behind sports. It's right in the bio, very clear about it. That's what you're going to get when you come to my profile. Those are the tweets you can expect, right? All right. That's a good one. That's one, right? Two was what? Engineer virality. Virality. If you're going to go viral viral, you got to be able to say viral. You got to be able to pronounce it. Yeah. Virality. Virality.  And he said to me, Hey, I'm going to start tweeting. Now your idea was, this was not my idea. This was his idea was to every night do a thread based on what he wrote in the morning in the email. So he wrote a story in the email. And then that night he would basically break it into a summit on Twitter. Yeah. Summary summary. Well, one of the first one G was in the first or second week, uh, went viral. The 20,000 second week exploded. And the way that it exploded, not because it was a complete luck, there was luck involved was, I think,  and kept driving Kevin G. We're not gonna give Kevin G's Twitter account out, because I don't know if he wants that. I don't know if he listens to this, but shout out Kevin G. You're all over him, man. I appreciate it. Kevin G's a homie, because he literally, he were talking, jumped into the ocean. He's like the bouncer of Twitter for us. And he was just dropping the threads and being like, yeah, I'm sure that he did. He's like, oh yeah, Pomp's got 11,000 brothers. I'm like, dude, this guy's legit. All right, so let's get into stories. Let's do the fanatics.  when he said it, but that's, that's true. That's how, that's how Cuban determines whether you actually own a team or you're a part owner is he goes, are they in the draft room? Yeah. All right. So back to the story. Fanatics, uh, this came about Fanatics raised $350 million the other day in series E funding. Um, and basically it was just sharing the story of, of what Rubin did with Fanatics. He acquired Fanatics in, I think 2011, but what was he doing before you acquired Fanatics? Okay. He started a GSI commerce, right? What was that? GSI. It was a, it was a,  $75 million, give or take. This is like 2010 to 2011. 2011. Yeah. All right. And he integrates fanatics into GSI commerce for a couple months. Yeah. So later that year GSI got bought by eBay, 2.7 billion, 2.4, 2.4. Okay. All right. So you want to tell the story? No, I thought, yeah, I'm good with the numbers. Okay. Okay. He's the numbers guy. Uh, I don't even know how to use Excel. All right.  There's basically e-commerce shops that were leveraging the GSI tools that he owned that he owned so he was trying to vertically integrate back in 2011 like e-commerce stores with the tools and they basically said we just want the tools like take these things back and yeah what they sold it back to him they sold it back to him but the funny part is they loaned him the money to buy it back. Okay. All right. So so basically Ruben buys back fanatics rule allah and a couple of other assets. Yep And then what happens to fanatics since then?  investors too. They invested money in the brand in the company, Fanatics. And if I remember what you wrote, Fanatics raised like 1.5 billion before this last round. So he's raised about 1.8 billion for it. And it was recently valued at what, 6.2 billion? 6.1, 6.2. Okay. So basically he bought back Fanatics for about 275, same basically what he paid for a couple of months before. And he's grown it down to a six plus billion dollars plus billion. And the best part is they have all those contracts run until at  And then he basically is now scale that into a $6 billion business. So like, shout out Michael Rubin, dude knows what he's doing. Highly suggest watching Michael Rubens interview on the breakfast breakfast club. I can't say that word. You want to say it five times fast. And he basically talks about his relationship with meek mill and criminal justice reform. Definitely worth watching. It's on the email. All right. It wasn't the email. I discovered it. What's the real one. How about next? Was it a junior guy? Yeah, that was probably the first time I've ever seen a junior guy.  something to do with that too. They traded within minutes. Yeah. So Bridgman got traded the box. He's a good player. He was everyone, you know, I call him a role player. People were pissed off. He's a good player. He wasn't, he wasn't a scrub, but he wasn't rolling, but he was a role player. He was a real man. I call that a role player. How many games did he start out of? He played, what'd you tell me? 800 something games. Yeah. So, you know, the, the, the stat wasn't recorded for the first couple of years, but the guy started 50 games in his, in his 12 year career. So, all right, he played, he played a lot of minutes, but you know, he's real coming off the bench, coming off six man, six man.  He wanted to figure out what he was going to do once he was done playing. Okay, so he starts working out Wendy's in the drive-thru. There's a guy, an NBA player who's the sixth man coming off the bat, getting minutes. He plays like 25, 30 minutes a game. He ends the game in his sweat and taking the paycheck home. I might've went to Wendy's after. Wendy's drive-thru? Well, the funniest comment I heard was like, people were like, Jordan was legit playing against fast food workers.  I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like, Oh, I'm like,  or working the business with him and everything like that. He gets approached by Coca-Cola to do a friendly or not friendly. No, friendly, friendly, friendly. So he had always, I guess the story was at some point, he always loved the brand. I don't know if as a kid or as a player or whatnot, but he was always fascinated with their branding and their storytelling and everything like that. With Coca-Cola. With Coca-Cola. So when he was approached, I think there was some combination of Coca-Cola knew he'd be interested and he kind of wanted to get out of the fast food business a little bit. He owned other restaurants, like local restaurants, but part of the deal was with Coca-Cola, he had to sell his fast food chain.  And like, that may not sound like a lot, but like Coca-Cola is huge, right? And wait, like when was this? This was, uh, I want to say 2011. Okay. So the last decade, he got the exclusive rights to Coca-Cola, uh, bottling and distribution in multiple states, multiple states. So like, you know, at least like portions at large portions of states, right? So the math is kind of punchline. How much is he worth now? 600 million. At least that was like two, three years ago. They, they valued it at 600 million. Well, really the best part is like, I don't know. I don't know if other people  is there's two brothers who basically did nothing but made hundreds of millions of dollars. This is the first viral one. This is the one that got 20,000 favorites on Twitter. Two weeks in, eh, 11, but who's counting? 11. Yeah, you are. All right, so what's this story? Just every night. Joseph, sometimes I text him for starting. I refresh, refresh. Sometimes I text him in the morning and I'm like, stat check. I just hit him with stat check. I hit him with subs and a Twitter volume. And he tells me immediately, we'll get to where you're at.  It was located somewhere else. They moved it to St. Louis. And within like one to two years, the NBA decided like, you know, the ABA had some good players, the NBA had some good players. They wanted to merge the two leagues, like decrease competition, increase, you know, viewership for the NBA. The NBA was a bigger league at the time. It was kind of a no brainer for the ABA. A majority of the owners were under the impression that they wanted to join the ABA, right? So the NBA decides to do that, but the catch is only four out of like the seven teams can join, right? So, and they picked the teams.  Take the cash, done. So, Selma Brothers are like, what I read is they're super pissed off still that they're not joining the NBA. So, they and their lawyer decide not to take the one, two, three million dollar deal. They negotiate a combination of cash and media rights, future media rights. And so they take- And what year is this? This is in the 70s? Yeah, yeah. A long time ago. Before the NBA exploded, really, right? Like maybe early 70s, right? Okay.  of whatever media rates you forget. Yeah. Okay. Their thinking was right. There were seven teams. They're one of the seven. They deserve a seventh of whatever each of you guys are getting because you're going to the league. We're not right. Okay. So, so it's actually a pretty small amount. Yeah. I mean, you would think, right? Well, and at the time the other teams agreed to it because it, basketball wasn't really on TV, right? Like it was, but it wasn't the playoffs weren't big. Like if anything, they were on it like 11 o'clock 12, but no one was watching them, right? It's not what it was. The best players weren't in the league yet, all that kind of stuff. And they still got some cash. They still got some cash. I want to say like a million bucks or something like that.  500. So they end up settling it. I think it was 500 million. Yeah, but they end up settling it, right? Yeah. So, okay, but hold on. But so from the time they signed this contract, they get, let's say 500 million. Yeah. And then in 2015, the NBA comes in and says, what? Yeah, we're about a broker, a new deal with the networks. We want out basically. Which they had tried before. And basically you're not coming with us. Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah, the contract had been tried to break, been broken like 10 times at this point. So the other interesting part is the lawyer, he, it's an ironclad contract. They couldn't get out of it. This guy got,  Yeah.  Yeah. Like, come on. I've been trying to get out of it for 10 years. Do you think Adam Silver, like call the brothers and was like, look, man, like we'll get you, like, like box seats. Well, I think what happened was I don't know this to be, I guess true to some extent, but the rumor is that one of the brothers got sick and was like, I wanted to get out of it a little bit and what they, you know, 800 million off at that point. Right. So like, yeah. All right. Next story. Joe burrow. Joe burrow. We're not going to say his name, uh, his nickname on here, but Joe burrow.  I'll let him know. Yeah. Uh, yeah. Joe Pobliano. Yeah. So I tweeted the other day and I'm like, the worst part about this whole thing that I think some people aren't really thinking about, right? Is like the opportunity that one year can have on a player. So my whole thing was Joe, Joe burrow last year, going into the year, if you look at mock drafts from that time or whatever, like the scouts will tell you all those guys, he was projected a sixth round pick, like just, well, but explain why he was a six round pick in terms of where he was coming from, switching school. Yeah. So he went to a house state.  Yeah. So like, you know, at that point, 199, which is the six round, my, uh, my, my, my point of the tweet was right. The first, I picked the guy that was picked first in the sixth round. Right. So I forget. I think it's, you know, pick 180 or something, whatever it was. He was picked first of the sixth round. His contract this year, he got a 200 K guaranteed, right? So he gets a couple million over like four years, but the only guaranteed money is $200,000. He can be cut, whatever. And he, that's the guy who actually went.  like the best season of any college player ever. Like, you know, just lights it up. Right. Then what happens? He gets picked first. Like he just gets picked first. So he goes from sixth to first. He goes from sixth round, sixth round to first overall. Okay. And so what's the difference in money? He made over a slightly over 30 million guaranteed. His whole, his whole contract is it's like 30 million and it's all guaranteed. The entire contract's guaranteed. Okay. So it's preset numbers. Basically the difference between being a six round pick, like the scouts thought he would be making 200  It is not true. It's a great rumor. The rumor is that Joe Burrow's dad is one of two people who went and bought, is it he bought, he bet, he like bet on him to win the Heisman, right? Or something like that. Joe Burrow was going to win the Heisman and the payout was like obnoxious. It was a massive one or something. Like some crazy, there's like the rumor. There was a ticket floating around or something and people started claiming that it was his dad and there was only two people that bet it. And one was his dad. Cause who else would be crazy enough to bet that? Right? Like, well, we don't know. We don't know.  year, right? Like there's, they don't have a chance. So burrow one year that he of college football literally changed his life forever and he said it right. He admitted it and so did coach Oh, and I love coach Oh, by the way, I know you do. Right. Can we talk about it for a second? Yeah, we can talk about coach. So for those that have, I want to real quick, he, he, uh, I saw a quote from him, right? Did I, I might've shared this with you. So someone asked him like about playing with the COVID-19 going around or whatever. And in, in, in just like this just shows you coach Oh, right.  I don't want to butcher the whole quote, but something short and sweet like call it, call us at midnight. We'll play in a pasture. We're in Louisiana. We'll play anywhere, anytime, anyone, right? Call us at midnight. Boys come out, strap it up, play in the past. Dream type type stuff. Right. I just like how he ends every interview with the tigers. Go tag. Every single interview. It's unbelievable. How he talks. We go out and pass the strap. Go tag. Yeah. I mean, like, do you remember the video of him running?  one foot in front of the other and he was just running or running by and they were just like beast. To be fair, we don't know how far he ran. We don't know how far he ran, but I know it was 36. His little hot as hell house. I did. I remember talking Louisiana summer and somebody was like, uh, I saw, he was drenched like, I saw a meme that was like, uh, uh, you can't keep this boy from a, from a, uh, gumbo coach. Oh, after eating crawfish, something like that. Yeah. All right.  just like on a completely different level. It's like, yeah, she's like, man, y'all don't play real football. We all have our fans there. They almost want to prove right. Like that they're the dominant conference. They're like, we're not only going to play, we're going to have fans, right? We'll see. I mean, same thing with the Cowboys. Like Jerry Jones says that they're having fans. It's like Jerry Jones is crazy. Yeah. I mean, whatever. All right. So do we, if the NCAA season is canceled, then they're just going to try to play in the spring.  guys who could opt out and get paid more money, but none of them knew about it. Yeah. So they changed it, unfortunately. Oh, okay. At one point, there was a stipend available. So 150 K the NFL was offering any player who opted out based on COVID concern, based on COVID concerns. So if you said, I don't feel comfortable, I have preexisting, whatever it was, you could opt out. And if you were Tom Brady or you were a no name, you were eligible for 150,000. Same price for everyone. Yeah. Okay. And so your argument was,  people are incentivized to keep veterans that know either their system or have been around the league know what the deal is, right? And Chaddo Chosinco would love these preseason. He'd be back. He's like, I barely got a practice. All that, right? So yeah, but the point was, right, like you're a long shot to do it. It doesn't cancel your dream of playing in the NFL, right? It just like delays it a year. So you can still come back next year and play. You're still with the same team or contracts reinstated, whatever you were signed with previously. But most of these guys are signed the average, like some guys get whatever, a hundred thousand dollar shining bonus,  I don't know. Guys were, can we tell that don't say any names, but there's somebody that you know who knows an NFL undrafted free agent and they were missing a call and they were NFL players that were unaware of this. And we're like, wait, can I do that? Like, like calling agents, like tell me the details. I can call my agent right now. Yeah. So like guys were interested and you know, it's, it's tough to tell. Like obviously the negotiations are fluid and you don't know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like,  I don't know. I mean who's the one that's been most shocking was it when Ravel retweeted you? I was pretty shocked about that Yeah, cuz I like Ravel was like one of those guys that you like like I always grew up like reading about or whatever like everyone has You know, whatever like you got him one time too. He said he didn't know the story He was like I didn't know this one and to be fair I DM'd him or whatever but he retweeted it and then I DM them I was like, you know chat it with him But he responded like credit to him super nice guy and everything but but the one surprise What was the story that you told and he and I think I'd be ended too when I  the Vikings obviously did. So you got 10% of all box revenue in the stadium because they wouldn't give him a raise? No. So it was like the situation's weird. Like Vikings fans even argue about it today. Like the guy basically like had a stranglehold on the owner. Yeah. Well, they don't have a lot to argue about. Yeah. He was, he was the GM. He came in like real hot. He got them to a Superbowl. They didn't win, but like, you know, he had a lot of respect around the team. They wanted to move stadiums. It was like kind of a power play. He tried to get them to move somewhere else. The owner wanted them in the backers to move to a new stadium. So he negotiated  Do you think he made more money from the box sales or from being CEO of the construction? I don't know how he got that. I mean, that was probably part of the scheme, but that's absurd. And Ravel didn't know that story. So when he retweeted it, he retweeted and was like, I didn't know this one or whatever. It was cool. People get Darren Ravel a hard time, but he's actually a good guy. He's a good guy. We're, we're, we're fans. Um, all right. So he, so him, who else? Who else has been crazy? I don't know. I barely gave us a, no, he followed me, which was cool. Did he retweet anything? No, he didn't retweet it. What's up, man?  Like, give you give stuff on Twitter. People want to see like no one cares. Like, so the Mariner signed is their official vodka partner. You know what I mean? So is it fair to say that Darren Ravel is trying to provide facts and information report. The Ravel does news and you're trying to go viral. Yeah. Yeah. It's like different, but Ravel is cool because he does like a little bit of both, right? Like he's got like a little bit of, he literally created like the whole analysis of business and sports behind or business and money behind sports.  And instead of a cash payment, he took, they just bought Liverpool. Liverpool at the time was undervalued and whatnot. They weren't very good at the time. And he got like 2% of the team for the six and a half million instead. Right? So they, they were like, instead of cash, we'll just give you an equity percentage in this team. Right? It's like when Beyonce took the equity and Uber rather than took the cash for the same Chris for the concert. Right. And it ended up being worth $200 million. Yeah. So she killed it. And that's where it's probably the pay me inequity sign basically. Which planet tweeted at you? She did. She got a lot likes too.