 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have a very special treat today. Miss Patty Sellers is here. Thank you so much for doing this, Patty. Thanks, Anthony. For the like one or two people who are watching this who have no clue who you are. Let's start off with kind of just a quick summary of your background and then what you are doing today. Sure, sure. I joined Fortune a couple of years out of college.  was one of the top positions and in the process built something called Fortune Most Powerful Women with an increasingly big and fantastic team. And then almost five years ago went off and started my own company with a woman named Nina Easton from Fortune. It's called Sellers Eastern Media. And that's my story in a minute. Very efficient. Let's start off with the Sellers Eastern Media today because I think what you guys are doing is a very kind of unique  you write stories, you appear on stage, you interview people, you interview people on video, it quickly became a multimedia job. We decided five years ago, hey, everybody wants to be a storyteller today. You don't need traditional media to get your story out there. You can pick your audience. And for all the stuff that people are putting on social media,  And we started a company that basically kind of transfers what we were doing for the public at Fortune and carries it to a private market. So we have clients who are companies, Fortune 500 companies, a lot of small investment firms. We've done work for hedge funds and companies that have a sort of high-end audience and want to reach them in a sophisticated way,  One where you make a positive impact on the world. So not to be too Pollyanna ish about that or self-important, but we do tend to have those kinds of companies as clients and people. So you are incredibly humble and won't say this, but I will, uh, the role of decks that you've built over the years literally encapsulates the world's most powerful and successful people. You've spent an entire career writing about them for the public, as you described, and now you tell a lot of those things  CEO of Morgan Stanley. He wanted, he has three children and he wanted to tell his, you know, his father. So he was CEO of Morgan Stanley until 2010 and he carried the, he spent most of his career there. He carried the firm through the 2008 financial crisis. And you know, he sort of picked and the board picked James Gorman who is doing such a good job there now as his successor. But he is the son of, you know,  And then I worked with him on a couple of other projects, including a book project. I did a similar film life story interview for Susie Buffett, Warren's daughter. And I've come to know Warren Buffett really well over the last couple of decades and know the whole family. And Susie, I think, is a very important part of the conversation.  And then I've done several other, you know, kind of like, you know, like billionaires. I mean, this is, this is a, this is our most popular project product in that it takes, you know, as I said to John, I said, let me come over to your house with a small TV quality camera crew and we'll be done by noon. And we were, and he had a lunch that day. And a few weeks later we, you know, we clean it up, we put pictures in. We also do, I can't, I can't tell you  and we're doing this over, you know, like probably more than a decade for this particular family in Silicon Valley. And then we do a lot of corporate work too, and we do work for some nonprofits. We're doing a huge project for the University of Texas right now. And so it's great because it's truly multimedia. I mean, we're living in a world where if you can tell your story  Let's back up a second and talk about where did your fascination come from in terms of wanting to better understand what I'll call kind of the most successful people in companies and also wanting to tell their stories. Like where did that interest or interest come from? I grew up in Allentown, Pennsylvania, the daughter of a dentist and a housewife and an only child who was very shy when I was growing up. But you know, I, my parents had me.  people. And then I went to University of Virginia and I wanted to, I just like, my parents thought I should be a lawyer because I asked so many questions, but I just, and I thought about that, but I really loved, I loved writing. I loved asking questions. So I, I got a job with a startup business newspaper in Northern Virginia. I wanted to write about people in the arts. I had no interest in  I worked at this Washington Business Journal with a woman who was on the founding team of Inc. Magazine. And I just thought she was so cool. Her name was Susan Currier. Oh no, I don't know if she's still around. But anyway, she was so cool and so nice to me. And I just, you know, I thought, wow, I want to work for a business magazine. And Fortune hired me. They were the only ones to hire me. And I started as a reporter in 1984.  like wanting to get the first exclusive story about them. And I did. I mean, I'll just throw out three names. Melinda Gates, Oprah Winfrey, and Martha Stewart when she was in prison. So I want to play a game with you. And I think as we play this game, we'll unpack kind of a lot of the techniques that you use to do this and really become the first  Gosh, I spent a couple of years talking to and writing letters to the Gates Foundation and her people. And she had done quite a lot of press with Bill as they were building the Gates Foundation, but she had never agreed to do an interview for a profile about her.  friends today. I stayed fr was like her first week o was so nervous and I end like three times for that and I interviewed Bill an for that and I interviewed, of that and I Melinda was gr let me talk to her best f  and he asked her out. And anyway, they felt like she really dished and oh my God, it was fantastic. They lined up Bono for me and I remember I talked to Bono. And so it was great. I mean, they really went all out. And then the story came out right at Christmas time and I got the nicest email over Christmas from Melinda.  So, no, no, 84. Yeah. Two that I had been at fortune for 24 years at that point. So in a quarter of a century, that was the favorite story that she, so it holds a lot of meaning to me for various reasons. Yeah. And what was like the biggest surprise to that whole process, right? When she agrees, you go and you talk to everyone, you talk to Bill, you kind of hear all the stories. Was there one thing that kind of stood out to you that was either surprise or not?  had announced the giving Warren, Warren who did not e money away until he died his wife, Susie would die. He thought he would he would outlive his wife Susie. So he has all this money, do  how to an extraordinary degree, Melinda kind of, first of all, convinced Bill to give his money away during his lifetime. And, you know, I can't remember the details, but convinced Warren also of the value of that, because there are all these diseases around the world and children are dying, people are dying,  guy who is like all business and all numbers and finds the kind of humanity in him. And so it's one of the reasons that Warren and Bill are so close. And it's one of the reasons that Warren and and Melinda are so close because he sees a lot of Susie and Melinda. I love that story.  about women who are doing better than men. And he goes, what do you mean? I said, well, women who are like doing amazing things that no man has ever done or no man. So anyway, long story short, through that story, I met Martha. I actually had a sort of an evening with her and two of her friends, Charlotte Beers, who was the head of Ogilvy and made her the big ad agency at the time and a woman named Darla  one night at the apartment of Charlotte Beers with Darla Moore in New York. We started two years later, we fortune started fortune, most powerful women, which was, which started as a list of the 50 most powerful women in business. We put Martha on the list for several years. She was building her empire. Then she lied about a stock trade and she got convicted.  And she paid really, really big. And I'm just going to fast forward to for a second. Like the way she handled that gives us all, provides lessons for us all in dealing with adversity because she handled it in the most amazing and quite frankly, classy way. But anyway, when she was in prison, I wanted to do the first story about her after she got out of prison.  Sports Illustrated and we put together a packet every week and send them down. And Martha really appreciated it. This was before, I mean, this was like 2004. I mean, the internet, people were reading on the internet, but not as much. People were really still reading physical magazines. So anyway, she got out of prison. They wouldn't let me see her. There was a whole army of people  New York where she lived. right as we were pulling up, from her PR person, like h Oh my God, what are you do just told me she called yo Oh my God. So Martha did t the back of her advisors  destroyed. That was the line. Great picture of her and that line and really big print. Oh my gosh, she just hated the cover line. She loved the cover picture, but she hated the cover line. It was true and she, you know, she could not be destroyed. And so anyway, I mean, I really like Martha and I see her, you know, every once in a while. I mean, not like one-on-one. I see her at events  and accepting and optimis are. And that's both a blessi early in my career. I I reall I'm no longer a journalis a bit less of a concern f always afraid about kind  but everything from the American Bisons all the way down, just a really fascinating guy. Tell us about that. Biggest bison owner in the world. Yeah, how did you meet him and kind of what were the interesting parts there? How did I meet Ted? I think the first time I met Ted was when I did a story about, I did a cover story in the book,  Ted, they were both from Atlanta and he called Ted and he said, would you let Patty Sellers, you know, come to Montana? So I think that was my first time meeting Ted. I went to Montana and he was married to Jane Fonda at the time. And I remember we had lunch at, and Jane was serving these bison burgers and it was just so bizarre. It was just, and then we went out and I'm in there  And then I did a story. So he ended up so Time Warner. So Warner Brothers bought Time Warner Warner Brothers taught Time Warner Brothers ended up owning Time and Turner. Okay. Turner, which is CNN, TNT, TBS, you know, the whole media empire Ted Turner was  like a hundred to 10. Ted was such a loyal soldier. He had, he never diversified his portfolio. He never bought, bought, I don't think in his whole career, he's, you know, Ted is like in his late seventies now, or maybe he just turned 80. But I don't think in his whole career, he ever owned a stock outside of Time Warner. Okay.  Ted Turner sounds off on losing $8 billion, his job and the love of his life, who was Jane. And he lost, he got pushed out as vice chairman of Time Warner. And so anyway, I ended up spending a lot of time with Ted at one ranch and on his, he has a huge, it was called a plantation.  with the wind. But anywa he talked about how he h it was just, I mean it w a really one of the harde I've ever done and I've times, but he, you know,  And it was just killing Ted. So this is interesting because one, you knew Ted pretty well. Um, getting somebody to do a cover story about losing $8 billion to love with their life and their job is probably no easy task. And I can only imagine the, uh, complexities with interviewing them during a time like that. But you also knew Rupert Murdoch and had written about him as well. And so maybe tell us that story and then compare, like, how do you, uh, kind of bounce right now?  Rupert is more, Rupert is just completely different from Ted. So I had not met Rupert at the time. I can't remember what kind of incentivized me or got me wanting to do a big Rupert Murdoch interview, but I got to the point in my career, and this is maybe 10 years ago, where I had been at Fortune for 25 years.  sit down interview, public sit down interview. He's done some private stuff for sort of like private conferences and stuff, but public sit down interview with Rupert. And I think it had been like six years or something. And I'm not sure that he's done another one in the last several years. It's kind of, anyway, I did it with him in his office in New York and he was fantastic. And he talked about, you know,  who are not fortune 500 CEOs now. He is a fortune 500 CEO. He's a fortune global 500 CEO, but he controls, you know, nobody's telling him what to do. He's an entrepreneur. I love interviewing these people because they just, they don't, they're just, they talk more freely. They talk more freely and they're more courageous in their view  about before I kind of ask you some questions just in general is Alex Rodriguez, who I know you're close with. You wrote a very big article on him in Fortune magazine at a time in his life where I think he was kind of going through multiple transitions. So he'd been banned by baseball. He was also kind of sitting out for the year because of the baseball situation. He'd gone from, you know, hero in the media and the sports world to kind of, you know, shunned a little bit.  of the story, right? It's not kind of one single story to tell. How did you kind of navigate that? I met Alex in the lobby of the Hilton Omaha, the Omaha Hilton Hotel in 2014, which was the year he was banned from baseball. And he was very quiet that year. And he was using that year to kind of  going back to that moment, which is just, it was kind of an amazing moment because I had just flown in from Los Angeles where I had done something on stage at the Milken conference. And I had heard that morning that Alex Rodriguez was in the audience during the session that I did and how Alex was telling people that it was his favorite session at the Milken conference. And I'm like, what? That's kind of cool.  I'm like, yeah, I just got back from, I came in from the Milken conference in LA and Alex Rodriguez was apparently at my thing. As I am saying this, Anthony, I swear, I'm not embellishing this story. As I'm saying this, Alex walks by and I go, oh my God, there he is. There's Alex Rodriguez. So I step forward and I go, Alex, and he turns around and we're about probably  And I'm like, all right. And he goes, I've seen you on, he said, I've followed your stuff for years. He goes, I've watched you on video. I've seen you interviewing Marissa Meyer on video. And he pronounced Meyer correctly, which is always a sign, the former CEO of Yahoo. A lot of people say, I mean, yeah, a lot of people say Mayer, but it's Marissa Meyer. So anyway, I ended up seeing him the next day.  thousands and thousands and thousands. I mean, I think over 15,000 apartment units now, as well as a huge venture business he's invested in over 50 companies. And he's done very, very well. And he has a team of a big team and it's called A-Rod Corp. And so anyway, long story short, I ended up doing the first interview that he agreed to do.  And so we're doing, we're actually doing some work for him now. And he's a great guy. He's really a great guy. And I just, I met Jennifer recently and she's wonderful. So anyway, you know, it's just interesting getting behind the curtain of these people who are, I think I'm drawn as a sort of recovering journalist. I'm drawn to people who are not understood.  which is all of these people work really, really hard. And I think that one of the public, you know, kind of expectations is, oh, that person got lucky. It doesn't matter if you're an athlete, if you're a business person, like nobody wants to believe that kind of the secret ingredient to a lot of success and ultimately creating a powerful person is hard work. So maybe talk a little bit about just, you've literally seen behind the curtain, spent hours and hours, if not days with many of the world's most powerful people.  And I mean, boy, Alex is, he is, as hard as he worked to become the number four home run king in MLB history, he is working just as hard to, he wants to be Warren Buffett. And Warren is his role model and they're friends and he,  college, which he didn't go to. He actually got a football scholarship to the University of Miami and he passed it up to go with the tech with the, you know, to be a professional baseball player. But anyway, so he works super hard. Martha Stewart never stops. Oprah never stops. One of the things that helped me a lot in being a journeyman  I've never wanted that to brings. I know you have a who, you know, people who want to make a lot of mon never have cared about th the work. I love the pro  But none of these people, none of these people are in it to make money primarily. These are all people who want to either make their mark, change the world for good, or prove themselves out of some insecurity.  to learn to trust them so that you kind of understand that this is a two-way street and we're kind of going on this journey together really to create a profile that ends up being one accurate but also too entertaining and valuable for readers. Yeah. Well, it's so hard to, it used to be so hard. I mean, I'm talking about like before the internet back in the 80s,  I think, first of all, listening, as you know, Anthony, and from watching your show in the past, I've thought countless times, he's a really good listener. You are, you're a really good listener. And that is like, that's job one for us, right? I think a lot of journalists have a list of questions and they're like, that does not build trust.  working right now with, I' right now. But we're work gotten into the documente Easton and I've never ac or, but it just popped in we're doing, we're worki rights documentary that w a couple of million dollar with a director named Barbe legendary in the world of  Barbara Koppel because she is not a gotcha journalist. She wants to, she wants to, you know, she works super, super hard to get people to trust her. And I just think like, I think I, I wanted, I've always wanted to do the same thing. I've wanted to capture what people are all about without, I don't have an agenda.  I never wanted to, I never, I was careful not to burn bridges. I mean, I did little things back when, you know, back when stories were read in the magazine rather than online, I would always send the magazine as soon as I got it, I would send the magazine to the subject, you know, let's say it was Tim Turner, but I would send it to,  making a little investment like, oh, this secretary will, they were called secretaries back then, this secretary will like me. Yeah. And then look, it makes a ton of sense. I think part of what is so fascinating to me is you were ahead of your time in the style of interviewing that you did. Now you were creating a written piece of content most of the time, but have since evolved to kind of multimedia. But what I hear you talking about is the world of the media  in the format that I do the interviews, but there's also obviously very big audiences for other people who are doing kind of these long form interviews is that it allows for the nuance and it allows for the details and it allows for kind of the explanations behind the headline type perspective or opinion. And to me, that's actually like 80, 90% of the value, right? It's one thing to know Patty Sellers thinks X, but to then hear you kind of explain for 10 minutes  felt that, you know, if you were doing a big story, you could get ideally eight or 10 pages.