 All right guys bang bang I've got Chris here with me. Thanks so much for doing this man. Oh man So happy to be on the show. I love it All right, so people don't know this but Chris and I already did this one time and we screwed up the audio So we're gonna do round two, which means that now I know all the secrets and can ask them even better questions but You have a absolutely fascinating story that involves everything from going to Cornell  It was like a juxtaposed instead of the other side of the tracks you were on the other side of the Palm Beach inlet grew up the son of a father who was an engineer at Pratt & Whitney My mom had various small businesses, but we were we had pretty much everything we wanted or everything we needed and some of what we wanted but they instilled really strong values in me, which actually I Write about in the book in particular the art of networking, which my dad was extremely good  during that year. Graduated with an engineering degree. It was 1993. The economy was not good. I mean, nothing like COVID crisis bad, but it just wasn't good. And I graduated in the middle of my engineering class. I think I had a 2.7 GPA. So I didn't have any job offers. Packed up my car. Drove cross country looking for a place to settle my roots. I stayed at fraternity, my fraternity house at various college campuses across the country. I think I hit about 60 of them.  afternoon, I said, jeez, I should live here. And at the time, it was really interesting because no one wanted to live here. The defense industry had all moved out. It was a pretty depressed economy. They had just survived fires in Malibu and in Laguna Beach. Just prior to me getting here, there were floods. I got here three weeks before the earthquake, which didn't scare me away. I still stayed and got a job at Olive Garden in Westwood, just just outside of UCLA  garden because you had the free salad and free breadsticks and all this kind of stuff. And as we got older, we realized that maybe our parents had just tricked us into what good Italian food was. But the Olive Garden was a big fan favorite of my house growing up. You know, it's funny. I also, I talk to my kids about it all the time because they have such a different palette than I had as a kid. But for us, like that once a month or once every couple months special occasion was going to a TGI Fridays or a Bennigan's. And then that once a year special occasion,  opportunities as they present themselves and working your butt off and Looking for opportunities as they present just by living life to its fullest and being smart and learning every day Um, that's sort of I guess what happened to me. I had no master plan I was just trying to make ends meet as a waiter at the Olive Garden Met a couple guys there that were on a double date with two girls One of them happened to be a guy that ran he had just left an agency It was ICM at the time and was because  and so on. And it became known as Wall Street of the 90s to all the Harvard grads. And of course, I was a Cornell grad, a safety school for them. So I sort of discovered it from that double date that I happened to walk in on. And they invited me into this pickup basketball league, which was a who's who of people that no one knew back then, but turned into huge players in the business. I mean, it was Ari Emanuel and Patrick Whitesoul, who were big sort of super agents, Matt Damon, Ben Affleck,  and I was making 250 bucks a week sending out riders for acts such as the Eagles, Nirvana, Pearl Jam, et cetera. And the riders were essentially the contract perks and benefits that those bands would have by performing at certain shows. And in fact, the Eagles, which was doing the Hell's Freeses Over Tour back then, had a rider that cost 60 grand, right? Their catering, I think, alone was $40,000 backstage. But anyway, as I was doing that,  David Geffen, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And that began my real career journey away from Olive Garden and into something that actually led to something career worthy. And and it was a really, really wild journey. I became one of the youngest agents there for quite a while. And then it led into, as you know, from the book, a day that I got abruptly fired. Yeah. And so walk us through like while you were at William Morris, you go from the mail room to a pretty senior position in  and came in at nine o'clock. And the reason I got that job is I went to interview for it and he looked at my suit and he said, where'd you get that suit? And I said, why, do you like it? He's like, I guess, where's it made? And I said, I opened up the thing. I said, oh, Yugoslavia. And he goes, where would you buy a Yugoslavian suit? And I said, well, I went up to Hollywood and Vine, you know, that shop up there, I got this suit and a couple others. He's like, how much did they cost? And I said, well, it was 99 bucks for all three.  to really get promoted, you should go up and see this guy Mark Itkin who's running TV, syndication and cable. And I said, I don't even know what that is. And he's like, just go up there and tell him that's all you want to do for your life. And I said, really? He's like, yeah, the goal is to go from being an assistant to having an assistant as quickly as possible. And that's where you're going to be able to do it. If you're in motion pictures, it's going to take you forever. So I ended up taking him up on that. Mark hired me and literally promoted me in 14 months.  David Levine, who are the showrunners of Billions, but they wrote this script called Rounders, which was a poker script. And we sold that. And before I knew it, the motion picture department asked me to join them. And so the rest was history. I rose up through the ranks in the motion picture business. For sure. And so you eventually end up at DMG, which maybe just give us kind of a quick understanding of why is DMG important to some of the understandings you have around US and China relationships?  and my assistant to come with me and he was like, well, I got a good job here. And I was like, ah, don't worry about it, you can stay. And when I feverishly was making the phone calls after that moment, there was one client that I had signed on a whim, because I saw this little movie, it was called Cookers, that was financed out of China. This company, Paysetter Productions, which was formed by two Chinese citizens and one American,  sort of, you know, client that he was able to take, but really wasn't sure, wasn't gonna add up to anything or whatever, and, you know, just took it on a whim. And it was shortly thereafter that I went over to China and I saw what they were up to. I saw what was going on in that market. The national bird was called the crane because there were cranes literally everywhere. And in fact, the day I visited their office in Beijing,  Is there other other you know parts that I can be valuable with and they said hey We don't have any eyes and ears in North America Can you help us build business and bring them to us in China so that we can help them sell their products and services in this country? And I said all day long happy to do it. Let's do it. So that sort of kick-started that opportunity and it really You know the world was your oyster when it looked when you looked at the China market it just felt like  was to do one project that was relatively close to what the next level project would be and sell whoever you are selling to. Hey, we did this and we know we have all the resources, infrastructure and wherewithal to do this. Believe us and give us that opportunity. And then boom, you do that one and then you go to the next climbing of the scale. Yeah. And so I think a lot of people are very uneducated or not informed at all when it comes to what this entails.  are not in China because they don't meet some level of standards. And so walk us through some of the examples maybe of how you being an American, but understanding the Chinese culture and kind of the government's goals, you would take a movie and work with them to actually gain that approval so that you could access this market that had over a billion people and kind of represented a pretty material increase in the financial performance of a film. Yeah, well, first of all, you mentioned I'm American.  there's a glass ceiling that you hit really hard. So my feeling was like I needed to understand the most macro basics and then utilize that KISS principle, keep it simple stupid, to try to apply the macro to whatever we were doing on the micro. So the best way I did it, and I talk about it in a book, is you got 1.4 billion people there. 92 million of them are CCP members, but there's 1.4 billion people.  completely accomplished and then also pushes many people into the middle class as possible because that allows them all of what they need and some of what they want and To date they've say they brought 600 million into the middle class, which is an unbelievable number But that still leaves another 800 million that aren't there So there's two things one is is when you're selling a product or a service there You need to think about that bringing people into the middle class objective because that  service and will form joint ventures or will do co-productions with you or will do skill set exchanges or will do various other things that allow you and in particular in my business, the film industry to build your film industry from a very nascent fledgling industry to one that can be world class and provide lots of middle class jobs. Right. So everything we did in the movie business had to do with that idea that you let this product in. We're going to help you fulfill  So the goal was always to sell the CCP on why to provide you access to their consumer number one. And then once you got past that, then you had to sell all over again to their consumer base. And part of that way that you sold the product and service had to be approved by the CCP. So you weren't just always focused on the consumer at that point. You were focused on the consumer figuring out what's going to get them excited about that product and service and then thinking how to  and kind of how that came together. Yeah, the Looper Store, it's a great case study, super colorful, but it also is a very applied, practical case study that handles a lot of stuff that we just talked about the previous five minutes. So with Looper, that's a movie, it's a sci-fi thriller, if anybody hasn't seen it, that stars Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon-Levitt and an actress named Emily Blunt. Bruce Willis plays the role of Joseph Gordon-Levitt 40 years in the future. So essentially the movie takes place in the room  CCP is so careful about what the narrative is in regards to China as they move forward into the future. So they want to dictate exactly what that messaging is. They have the same directive in regards to anything that's told in the past or in historic terms or using time travel to go in the past because they want to be very careful about how they cultivated the messaging of where they came from and where they are and how they got to where they are today. So that's that was a big one. The second one was  of, we could eliminate all those issues with the movie and actually get the wind to our back to release the film there at an opportune time. So we started with Ryan Johnson, the director who now directs a lot of the Star Wars movies. And we said to him, hey, your movie takes place in France in the future. But France in the future, who knows where that's going to be 40 years from now? They could be bankrupt. Who wants to live there? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. China, we know, is going to be a major behemoth 40 years from now.  Joseph Gordon-Levitt, when he retires as a gangster, he wants to move to China because that's where everybody in the world wants to be. And they were like, oh, that's interesting. And we said, well, what do you want your city to look like 40 years in the future? Because everybody wants to be there. So let's design it with you. So we actually use CG and design teams to work with the Shanghai municipal government to create the backdrop that would be in all the scenes through CG renderings. And a big part of that was the pudan  crews from Hollywood and the crew members that we need, we're actually going to utilize your people on the ground and anybody that's a little in over their skis, we're going to actually come in early and train them so they can get up to speed and work with us in a world-class manner. And when we leave, their skill sets are still going to be there on the ground so you can help utilize that to make your film industry great, which by the way, now that I look back at it, we helped accelerate their film industry. So now it's a major competitor to us. But at the time, they thought  10 movie that year. So then we went on from that Looper case study, which was one step of the ladder to the next one, which was, what do we do now that we did a $35 million movie and prove this? Let's go after a $200 million movie. And that's where that movie poster behind me, Iron Man 3 and Marvel came into play. And so what's really interesting about the Looper case study, I think, is it sounds like you hit two of their main concerns, right? One is we want China to be kind of  And so when you then do that you talked about Iron Man 3 much bigger production Walk us through that example in terms of kind of what the changes were made and what you guys were looking to address so that The movie would ultimately get green-lighted and allowed access into the Chinese market Yeah, and I think well one of the parts that you brought up there That's really important is there's only so much you can do in regards to pulling in a bunch of people into the middle class with any given Project but you talked about narrative and messaging right the CCP if they're gonna  Case study yet It was it involved a lot more layers of convincing on on my side of the Pacific right you had Marvel and you had You know Robert Downey jr. And Disney and various other big filmmakers involved with the project So a lot of the things that we were able to ask the Looper filmmaking crew to do We weren't able to push through that massive sort of filmmaking village that was involved with Iron Man 3 and I  He's dragging his Iron Man suit through the snow about to die and this kid saves him by bringing him into this warming hut and nursing him back to life and whatever. And then later in the movie, you find out one of his pieces of armor is stuck in the shed and this kid has to open the shed up so the armor can fly out and get to Iron Man so that he can save the day. My idea was to use that kid as the perfect  in China at the time, but we knew he was going to actually spend a lot of time in Iowa. And that's actually how he got to know Branstad, who's now the ambassador to China. So the thought was, well, what happens if a guy like Xi Jinping was living in the middle of America and had a kid with him and that kid, Chinese, saved the day for Tony Stark and Iron Man, and it becomes part of the plot of the movie. I thought it was brilliant. Marvel, essentially in the meeting,  role in the movie in order to get the window or back from the CCP. And then we implemented various other technological components because the Chinese love to be sort of at the forefront of technology into the script so that we could actually showcase how this movie was putting China on this certain pedestal in various ways. It was much more minimal of a disruption in that particular movie than it was with Looper. And in fact, it was so  performance Getting into China versus if you haven't gotten to China's this a 20% increase in revenue Is this a 500% increase like how does the Chinese market and that access change the financial kind of gain from? For a movie. Yeah. Well, it's a great question and obviously it's a very important one and I will say one of the great things about working with Kevin Feige and his team at Marvel is they never once said hey if we do this How much more money are we gonna make like it was always hey if we  Award of it all when we made that deal Marvel's biggest grossing movie at the time was Iron Man 2 it made 20 million dollars in the China market When Iron Man 3 came out we broke every single record. In fact, we made 20 million dollars opening day The movie went on to gross 125 million dollars just in the box office in China and much more elsewhere and then today The last Marvel movie, which is the final Avengers movie made 670 million dollars  This is a remake of an old movie. You've told me that it didn't do so hot in terms of the remake. I love the movie just because of the messaging behind it, living your life fullest every single day. Talk a little bit about what you guys did there to be able to access the Chinese market as well. Yeah, well, I think the better story with Point Break is what we tried to do that turned out not to be great.  to satisfy the CCP objectives that we talked about earlier. And we came up with this really interesting scene that would showcase Shanghai once again and showcase the skyline and just make a really cool sort of action sequence that would also utilize their crew and everything else on the ground. So the idea was in the Pudong District, there's a 150 story building, a fictitious building, and it's gleaming glass. And at the very top of it, there happens to be a diamond dealer  is  to even if they did get out of that building and released all those diamonds over the peasants, not a single Chinese peasant or a Chinese person would pick up those diamonds because those diamonds weren't theirs. That is just simply not Chinese. And I remember us scratching our head going, wow, okay, we didn't think about that one. And the beauty was is we love the action sequence. So we kept it in the movie. We shot it in Germany instead, but it was an interesting sort of teaching moment where sometimes American hubris and what you think is really smart  Were doing this what folks you knew were saying to you kind of how you thought about the work that you were doing and then maybe how your opinions changed over the last couple of years well and like we've talked about offline, I mean one of the big issues that when I look back at the fog of war that was really the 15 years I cover in the book we were under this tremendous mission that we all believed in which was globalism and this mission that opening  through those years, including my wife, who many times said, well, what's I overheard that conversation on the phone. What why are you guys doing that? Like, isn't that sort of not what Americans are about or isn't that sort of cow towing to their censorship or whatever it is? And I was like, Jen, Jen, Jen, Jen, you don't understand. Like we have to open this market like this. Trust me, this is the right way to go. And she's like, OK, you know, but it just doesn't seem right. And various other individuals did the same thing.  It wasn't until a couple of days after Daryl Morey tweeted out that support for Hong Kong last October where I suddenly woke up to it. I saw that. I was sitting on a soccer sideline with a couple other soccer dads watching our kids play soccer. That tweet popped up on my phone. I remember saying to one of the dads, whoa, that's going to be a huge problem for the NBA in China. And he said, why? And I said, because this guy, I've never heard of him before, but he's the GM of Houston Rockets and Houston Rockets  America, red and blue, people going, wait a minute. Why is the NBA stuttering over what their response is in regards to supporting somebody who exercised their right of free speech on our land about something that we do care about, which is the protesters and the rights and the human rights of these Hong Kong people? Why are we backtracking off of that? Why are we not backing that? Why are we staying silent? Why hasn't LeBron said anything?  where I was in that fog of war, but I want to address it in the afterward. And I also want to hit some of those notes where people were chirping in my ears and I was too blinded to listen. So that's the moment where I realized it. And that's where I'm on this crusade and mission today as literally I was on with Penn America. This guy James Tagger who wrote the Penn America report about Hollywood's cowtowing to China last night on a  style to get to a point where we do get to a rebalanced relationship with China where we feel okay as Americans opening that country to our products and services. So a lot of people are going to hear this and be like, Oh, listen to this crazy conservative guy who's basically worried about, you know, China, China, China, China. Um, I don't think that you're actually a conservative. So maybe talk a little bit about your political affiliations and how this book has kind of transpired the party lines.  problems that we're having with this bilateral relationship, Democrats should be all over the case. I mean, from human rights violations to freedom of speech issues to the decimation of our middle class and labor class in this country, it is just as Democrat if Republican, if not even more of a Democrat issue. Unfortunately, right now, mostly the right is talking about it. And for me, I'm nonpartisan on this issue. This is a red and blue issue we need to address together.  on the other side, we need to, at least with this particular challenge, we need to all come together on it. We need to all be on message and we need to be ready to fight the long game because China's already on message on it and they do have 25, 50, 75 year election cycles or not even election cycles, just mentality, whereas we have two to four year election cycles where we think very short term. So the bottom line is,  to as many readers as possible that just want to engage in a great story with great characters, but then also Absorb some information that I think is really powerful to have In order to try to figure out as a voice in this how we're gonna address China moving forward Yeah, and one of the things that is really I think Unexpected as we've talked more and more is you've got this framework around  companies and in response now the United States is potentially doing that back or reciprocating that kind of treatment of technology companies. Talk a little bit about kind of this framework and why you think the United States having this cohesive response and message one is important but also two why do you think that it can actually work? Well number one is the cohesive message is sort of interesting because I've written a couple op-eds over the last few months where I try to  China is one of those. So one of the things that COVID brought up was this idea that we have massive supply chain issues that are tied up in China. So part of that involves national security interests, right? The pharmaceutical businesses and all of our antibiotics, quite frankly, are made outside of this country and most of them in China. If you look at red and blue and what gets them excited, gets their concerns,  a lot of in the case of national security issues or Pharmaceuticals a lot of those jobs are potential middle-class jobs, right? It's not a t-shirt factory making Nike t-shirts. It's actually a real skilled position That's involved with these different manufacturing areas. So those things Combining the Venn diagrams there you got national security and then you got Labor and middle class you can get red and blue on the same page about trying to address that  Every time they watch a movie, every time they are subjected to an NBA player doing something dazzling and talking about America, there's that fantastic sort of diplomatic tool that culture creates as a clue between the two superpowers. And then on the red side of it, that cultural exchange and that effect that we have on their populace can be seen as a weapon, right? That weapon is something that creates  free democracies like the United States. I mean, we used to send over black jazz musicians to some of those countries to showcase the freedom of artistic expression in order to get them to want to be more like a democracy. So weapon, democratic tool, labor middle class, national security supply chain issues, there are ways to get red and blue together. I 100% believe in that. Yeah.  same thing, even at the corporation level. We see tech companies, we see all kinds of businesses. People do not want to talk about this publicly because they see it as basically no upside. What I think we've seen is every time somebody does talk about it, they're almost alone on an island. When they talk about it, it's easy to get struck down by their peers, by the media, by the Chinese media, by  take a stand and not only one, protect each other because you've got power and unity, but also actually make a difference and force things to change.