 I think this is three.  What else could I say? Yeah, I think that's the right way to look at the world. Give us an update or actually before we do that, give us like the 60 seconds. What is Abra before if people have not listened to an episode. Sure. So Abra is a cryptocurrency wallet bank trading platform. Allows you to hold and buy trade Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP about a hundred different cryptocurrencies. Allows you to use your bank accounts to ACH or wire funds to  And we've got a lot of other stuff coming down the pipe, but you know basically our goal is to be a crypto bank to make it really easy for any consumer to get involved in cryptocurrency, invest, trade, hold, now earn interest. Yeah, and so as you kind of think about the macro environment, obviously there's the public healthcare side, maybe let's just start with what's going on in the economy. It seems like everything has changed.  for Bitcoin as a new asset class for a couple of reasons, right? We've never had the government come out and say our stated aim is to create inflation above 3%. And now, you know, we're looking at potentially 4%. I don't think they've actually said it yet, but I believe the rumor is they're going to, they've more or less said it's the discussion, they're going to set an aim for 4% inflation. I think that they feel they have no choice except to basically reflate the economy in order to  But that liquidity is what ultimately creates growth. And what they've said is, is that we're okay, and history has proven this because a dollar today is worth 99% less than it was 100 years ago. They've proven that they're willing to inflate the value of money to the point where your money is worthless in order to do that. It's just that we've never had a government, the US government come out with a stated aim to create inflation so high, price inflation. But that's also going to basically only be caused by currency  that we keep adding more of this artificial paper into circulation. And so my point is, is that this has never been a, we've never had a better time for Bitcoin to stake its claim, not that it needs our help, but for Bitcoin to stake its claim as the de facto hard digital asset that I think it's going to become. And I'm not sure it needed a nudge from our government, but it's getting one nonetheless. Yeah. It's almost this belief of  I don't really understand what that means. Let me learn about it. Okay, now I understand it. What are all of the options I have to protect myself? And this is, I mean, literally stocks getting inflated to real estate, to precious metals, to Bitcoin, to, you know, whatever you want. And I think that what people are starting to understand is the provable scarcity, right? That's why I keep hammering on this point that like, we don't know how much gold exists in the world. We don't know what the total addressable market of gold is, the total supply. Now, that doesn't mean that all of a sudden,  never been on the table, right? They've never said, hey, the role of the central bank or the role of the treasury is to protect your wealth. Their role ultimately is to manage a house of cards, right? And I don't know, and I don't mean that necessarily in a derogatory way. It is what it is, right? We've had this system for a hundred years. It's created more wealth than any other system in history. And in 2008, we saw what happens when you don't manage the house of cards correctly. It starts to buckle under its own weight. People get overly greedy.  the all knowing, all whatever powerful person, and then it just turns out to be like a regular guy. And I think that's kind of what we're seeing with the Federal Reserve, which is, again, there's really, really smart, intelligent people who mean well, and they're doing the best they can. It's just we're basically giving them an impossible task, which is, hey, manage this highly complex, intricate system called an economy, which that is their job is to manage the economy, not to manage the currency. And so when we ask them to do that, even if they were  Well, I feel like, you know, because every government issued currency has so far has failed and is, and it appears that that trend has, uh, has no reason to stop. It will continue unabated and that we're basically going to have to recreate our, our analog matrix again with the government trying to print more money from scratch. And we've seen it with other countries and in Argentina where, where those poor people have, have watched their currency fail over and over again. And, but, but on the other hand, up until now it's been the best thing  scare cryptocurrencies, like you said, having a key role in, in even managing the economy. So recently there was one of the, the inevitable first, which is there's a publicly listed company called MicroStrategy. A gentleman, Mr. Saylor decides that he's going to take, it looks like about 20% of his balance sheet and he's going to move it from cash or US dollars into Bitcoin.  play more than it is like a speculative. I think Bitcoin is going to drastically increase in value in the future or anything like that. What's your general take on kind of seeing this news? Yeah, I mean, you know, plan B kind of has become kind of the Nostradamus of crypto lately, or the person we want to be the Nostradamus of crypto, I'll say, because we all want his model to come true, actually predicted that at some point Bitcoin will become an asset class beyond just digital gold, where it is  realized he was getting a shit ton of press by doing this and is now taking advantage of that press. I'm not saying that that's a good thing or bad thing. He just is, that's what they're doing. But be that as it may, they're still doing it. And I think that sends an incredible message because if you've got the cash, it's way easier to just sit on the cash, make 2%, 1 1 1 2%, whatever it is, if you've got a good treasury and call it a day, right? Nobody's gonna get fired for doing that, no one, right?  where this goes, but it was almost inevitable. It's just fascinating to see how the first really interesting opportunity here with the Treasury embracing Bitcoin happened to come about. He's definitely milking it. I have no problem with that. But I think what's going to be more interesting to see, does anyone else follow suit? Does a company in the Fortune 1000 embrace a certain amount of crypto? Has it already happened? And we don't know about it.  And I think that, you know, when people first start thinking about this, it's kind of like governments, like the nefarious governments always do the weird stuff first, and then it becomes mainstream, right? Not saying that there's companies that are necessarily nefarious, but just like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know,  go ahead and do it is the like Paul Tudor Jones moment where now all of a sudden the career risk is removed because, oh, Apple did it. Or, you know, maybe that's not to be that big of a company. Maybe it can be a $10 billion company or, you know, whatever it is, there's some level where the tipping point happens. People say, I no longer have career risk to do this because so and so did it. I just don't know where that kind of barometer is. Sure. But we've had these, in the mid 90s, we were having discussions about the internet where we would have conversations where, well, nobody gets fired for, you know,  crypto, Bitcoin, maybe DeFi strategy, I'm a little skeptical, but we'll see what happens. And so some variation on that with its own terminology that's gonna unfold over the next 10 years is gonna change corporate finance. Treasures and others within the company are gonna look at collateralized lending in crypto for corporate growth. And it's a topic that didn't exist in traditional finance five years ago.  for this like perfect storm, right? So last year I wrote a piece saying, rocket fuel for Bitcoin. Actually, I think maybe at the Bitcoin 2020 conference or 2019 conference, you and I also had this conversation where it was like, look, you're gonna get the rates drawn down, you're gonna get massive money printing, and it's all gonna coincide, you know, relatively at the same time as the Bitcoin having. And this like quantitative tightening mechanism is wildly misunderstood.  you just got to look towards the next year and say like, how does it not happen? Right. Right. And that's what I spent a lot of time thinking about. But I also think that Bitcoin's place was inevitable. The fact that we happen to be in the late stages of a multi-decade debt cycle is just the perfect storm. That doesn't mean that Bitcoin wouldn't have worked otherwise. Right. I mean, there's a fourth factor which goes into being late stage debt cycle.  stop. You know the Bulls are out of the gate. They're marching down the alleyways and they're not stopped. And the question now is OK. Like I said with with Paul Tudor Jones I had the same reaction. You know what's next. You know you saw Goldman actually move a full partner now to run crypto. And you know you mentioned Tudor Jones but then you've got micro. Anyway all of these pieces are coming into play in a way that basically looks to me like an  or cares about the SEC's opinion on ICO. They just look at this in a common sense way. Printer's going, what's the mean, bur, bur, bur? And money's going to zero. And this is a better way to look at money. And so, like I said, the timing could not be better. And I think that we will look back on the announcement of the Fed creating a 4% target as the  be the pivotal moment in history for Bitcoin. Why do you think 4%? I don't even think 4% is the key number. I think it's the fact that the government is saying that significantly higher inflation is our stated goal. And that combined with the fact that the way quantitative easing is working is likely to end up losing money for the Fed at scale because at some point these IOUs  And we don't have any way out except to massively reflate the economy because of the fact that we're, again, most of the public, like you pointed about the Wizard of Oz behind the curtain, doesn't understand the fact that this is a managed house of cards. And the only way out of this is in the late stage debt cycle is to reflate the economy or we end up in a great depression. So, you know, from their perspective, I'm not saying that's true. I'm just saying pick your poison from their perspective and they've picked their poison, which is massive inflation. The other part that shocks me is how many people believe inflation is  It's something, it's not about behavioral economics. I think that part of it is that people still believe in the dream. Like I, if I work hard or if I'm an entrepreneur, I can get my share of that pie. And that's great. I've always believed in that as well. But now we've got this, it's accelerating because of where we are in the state cycle. And you can't stop it now. It just can't be stopped.  They said, well, does everyone experience the same inflation like CPI numbers never went above 2% you know, yeah, whatever. And they realized that like, no, if you break down a society into kind of 20% buckets, you got the top 20%, the next 20% you know, all the way down to the bottom 20% of on a socio economic spectrum, the bottom 20% of the socio economic ladder ended up experiencing they believe somewhere between six to 10% inflation coming out of the OE 09 crisis. And it makes sense theoretically, right? Like, of course, you're  I've been fortunate financially and I'm always getting banks and other, hey, take this free loan, or they want my deposits, whatever it is, right? It's basically all these free services being thrown at me where somebody who probably needs that money a thousand times more than I do would pay 50X in fees for the same services and that's going to get worse. And I think you're right. I think that the 4% average  point where we do not have the government or social programs in place to deal with that. We don't have the kind of mainstream media or legacy media that is prepared to have that conversation. Right. I mean, it's just you can almost see it on the horizon. And I think part of the Bitcoin story very quickly is going to turn into, look, buying a house or buying a bunch of stocks or, you know, all this kind of stuff that all requires you to be an investor. Right. In some form or fashion.  seeing with these these stock to flow models, they intuitively understood what a stock to flow model would look like for a hard asset like gold if it actually ever became money again. And we're seeing that play out. I mean, it's basically playing that playbook to the letter. The challenge with that is that it's still being held by a very small number of people. And part of my stated aim is to with average is to solve that problem by getting  to want to invest in it because it's in their best interest to have a small percentage at a minimum of their net worth. And the good news is I'm getting droves of people online coming to me now saying, hey, I want to get into this. How do I start? And it comes in cycles. I had a lot of this happening in February of 2018. But it feels different this time. It doesn't feel like, hey, I just need to get in and out quick.  surface. Keeping in mind that a billion people out there probably still don't even have never heard of Bitcoin, which is hard to believe. That's probably too small of a number or if they've heard of it, they have no idea that it's a currency or whatever. Especially in Silicon Valley, I've gone from bubble to bubble to bubble over the last 25 years. We need to basically get this outside of that bubble. For sure. What have you guys done differently at Abrar or anything in terms of  a two, three year turnaround is going to be very disappointing. Not that we're not making money, but if our goal is to get to a hundred million and a billion retail consumers, not just traders, but retail consumers who don't trade using this stuff, it's a lot of content. We produce a ton of content as a company from onboarding to training to macroeconomic discussions like this. I host an AMA every single Friday,  network or in the AMA. And so you have to basically be willing to go one to one, almost like grassroots campaign, door to door to knock on doors saying, here's my candidate. So we're doing that for Bitcoin and for crypto, and it's a slog. But the reward comes in the fact that we have hundreds of thousands of wallets processing billions of dollars of  years. Honestly, I don't care because I know we want to know we can build a profitable, sustainable business along the way. And whenever that tipping point happens, that just means, you know, we have we have more income to invest more and more product and to reach more places. And my goal is to start at the top of the pyramid and work my way down to the bottom of the period. I spent a lot of time launching mobile money systems in Haiti, for example. And this Bitcoin is not going to solve the problems of the people in Haiti in the short term. But in the long term, I think it  etc. etc. In the long term, long term, Bitcoin solves that. It solves it today in theory, but it's not going to happen. So I want to basically get Bitcoin from here down here, and if it takes 20 years, 25 years, so be it. And so help me understand, how do you guys think about your treasury management, right? Specifically around, like, if we see public companies doing this, obviously, crypto companies have tons and tons of crypto kind of, I call it flying around, right?  or actually three ways that happen, right? The first is for the trading accounts. And those are basically custody on an exchange. And we go deep with them on their security practices and how they manage cold storage versus warm storage. And then how we effectively can access those accounts on behalf of our consumers via a secure API that execute trades. Okay, so that's pure crypto. And we don't make any incremental money on that exchange.  prime trust, a US chartered trust company. And we run an institutional lending desk, which is the third part of this, which then manages a lending book and reports to an investment committee that I'm part of that then determines who the best lending or what the best lending opportunities are to generate safe yield in the crypto sphere for those assets. And that's a combination of balance sheet risk versus collateralization, etc.  and that's fine. But we are not at a point yet where we can manage average treasury in Bitcoin. I would love to get to that point. We were always holding a certain amount of Bitcoin as a company, not just on behalf of the consumers, but our own Bitcoin as well. But it's not a majority or anything like that. But I would like to get there eventually. And part of that is even though we have a lot of investors who are crypto first, like  new CIO, right? Yeah. Tell me about that. Yeah. So, Young Cho joined us. He was at Celsius earlier. And then before that, he worked in traditional lending. I was at a company called Alt Lending. He was at Citi. So, he's a background both already in crypto and before that, traditional lending. And he has very quietly over the past several months, along with others in my team, built this new institutional lending desk, which has already gone very deep in building partnerships all over the crypto sphere. If people are interested in  basket, we create a good diversified portfolio. And that's part of the challenge here, because we did get, we're getting a large influx of deposits already. We kind of expected it because the rates are so high right now. And we hope they stay there. But the challenge is to make sure that we continue to build a widely diversified portfolio and not just, you know, put all of our eggs in one basket where, you know, some investor does something silly where, you know, we're in trouble. And so I do worry a little bit about what I see in some of the  I think that's a good question.  now is an evolving analogous stack to the traditional banking system that's specific to crypto. So the ability to earn, the ability to trade, the ability to hold securely if you don't want to do those things, the ability to borrow, the ability to pay and spend, but all based on crypto rails. In some cases, the consumer will know they're using crypto because I'm holding Bitcoin or XRP or whatever Ethereum, whatever I want to do. In some cases, I may be holding what  platform all globally, all taking advantage of Bitcoin and crypto rails where it makes sense. You know, think about supply chain finance, right? A lot of American investors are shut out of agents, Asian supply chain deals, which can be very lucrative because they can't move money around and they don't have access. Well, stablecoins actually solve that problem because you can actually move money around very, very quickly to fund supply chain finance deals. So I predict you're going to see crypto banks  is easy to access, transparent, highly educational and trustworthy. And we talk about it all the time. It drives features and everything we do, even if people don't see it in the short term, right? So it's a slow methodical march in a feature by feature basis towards getting to that vision. And do you think that this will be centralized, decentralized? Maybe there's a spectrum between some products or features have to be centralized versus decentralized.  All of these early DeFi systems, if a regulator came in to a certain group and said, shut it down or you're going to jail, they would figure out how to shut it down. If a government came to you and said, pop, you're the arbiter of all things Bitcoin, shut it down, you'd go out to the community and say, okay, I've been told to shut it down. And they'd go, fuck you, we can't shut it down because one, we're not going to, and two, there is no off switch. And so there is that off switch in most of these DeFi systems. So for example, a smart contract requires information from the outside  very quickly in a DeFi or maybe in for a rude regulatory awakening. And as somebody who spent a lot of time and money having my own awakenings, I can tell you that they're not fun. And so I don't know how that plays out over time, but I do think there's value in that. I think if you want to run a system that's truly global, truly accessible, does an answer to the man, the theory of DeFi is very interesting. And we'll see if the reality of it gets there. In the meantime, the fact  and I have cash and Abba earning 9% interest. So there's different ways that crypto will be used by different people over time. And it's incumbent upon us to add value versus simply assuming that everybody should just store it in a hardware vault. It's so fascinating when you start to look at this idea of so many early attempts of using kind of the Bitcoin ethos or the blockchain technology was simply just taking  And I think that's what we're seeing here with a lot of the finance stuff. And then on top of that, the decentralization, you know, this is a troll comment and I say it, I preface it because people always freak out, but like, supposedly, over 60% of all the Ethereum nodes in the world, for example, run on Ethereum, for example, and then on the other hand, you know, you can do a lot of different things. And then on top of that, you can do a lot of different things.  Yeah shut down a lot of all coins could be shut down in hours By a couple of governments with no I don't know if they know this But they're certainly capable of doing it if they were incentivized or motivated for whatever reason I can't event they would be right now But but yes and and shutting down AWS would be a very quick way. Okay, a whole bunch of points for sure By the way, it wouldn't help Abra either. But but you know, Abra's also not running a coin. So But yes to your point and we also don't claim to be a decentralized company  that's the beauty of what was brand service for file sharing, BitTorrent, right? BitTorrent doesn't have that problem. There's no AWS to shut down for BitTorrent. What I want is I want a Twitter, I want a Facebook, and I want services that run on that model, not on a corporate AWS model. But that's for me personally, right? And so the company started and my guess is their first versions would probably be running on AWS and the same cloud services.  bit torrent and they gave up. Now they'll sue certain users, which is crazy, but they've proven that they can find users, but that's the user's problem. They don't run VPNs or tour or whatever. Um, I'm not, and I'm not saying people should illegally share, share music. I'm simply saying that those decentralized tools, uh, exist. And if they're used correctly, we could actually recreate a lot of these services today. It's just a question of people's incentives for doing that. Absolutely wild.  But for us, the key stats, I'll tell you the average stats and then the macro stats. So we want to see a couple of hundred million people actively using holding Bitcoin over the next 18 months. And I think that's going to be the biggest advantage of the next run up in price to me is going to be just a massive explosion into the mid nine figures of the number of Bitcoin wallets. It's going to happen faster than people think. That's number one.  or if we just don't and it is what it is. Everything's just a net settlement because for people who want to do on-chain transactions, lightning by definition doesn't help. Lightning helps if you want to do small dollar transactions and don't mind a semi-centralized solution, which is totally fine. That's what it's meant to be. So that's what I'm looking, that's the other piece that I'm looking for is to say, how are core developers going to address what's likely to happen when Bitcoin does start  15% in a few days, which for us just doesn't normally happen. That's usually, it's a good steady growth. And so that's what we're really excited about that. I think you're gonna see just a big, big influx of cash sitting on the sidelines in the West in particular into Bitcoin, secondarily in Ethereum and DeFi, a small piece, but the vast majority going to Bitcoin over the next 18 months to answer your question. And so that's what we're looking for. You wanna do a price target?  I'm there with you, man. I think there's a higher likelihood of it happening than not is kind of how I think about it, right? So if you had to kind of think of probabilities in the same timeframe that I'm talking about. Yeah, and end of 2021. So we'll see. Where can we send people to find you on the internet and find out about it, Abra? So I'm on Abra, Bill Barheits, Bill, B-A-R-H-Y-D-T, my first and last name on Twitter, Abra Global on Twitter or