 All right, guys, bang, bang. Pierre is back. Thank you so much for doing this on short notice there, my friend. Yeah, sure thing. Thanks for having me on, Pop. Of course. All right. You've had an eventful weekend, but before we get to that, let's start with anyone who didn't listen previously. Just give us kind of a quick, you know, 60 seconds on you, your background and kind of what you've done in  in 2005 before Bitcoin was even a glimmer in Satoshi's eye. I wanted to get into accounting because Ludwig von Mises had this quote about how that's how business people can make decisions. The profit and loss system, the price system that's aggregating all this information in a very complex economy. That I found really appealing, more appealing really than finance itself.  Python and SQL and to pursue that as a career rather than accounting. So I worked in big forward Deloitte. I worked at Hudson River Trading, which is a high frequency trading shop in New York in their back office. And I worked at Bitpay too, which is a Bitcoin payment processor in Atlanta. So since then, you know, all along, I've been very interested in Bitcoin. I got interested in Bitcoin back in 2013.  to different people and increase in value over the long term because the unit itself on the ledger is scarce. It's not like WoW Gold, where a company can just issue as much as they want. So yeah, that's the TLDR on me. All right. You are one of the strongest, most public proponents of Bitcoin. You do a fantastic job talking about all the positive aspects, all the other things. I have not heard you talk that much about  I got to hand it to them because that's fairly rare in crypto, right? That someone gets all the money upfront and then actually executes and actually is able to build a self-sustaining ecosystem. So I think that they deserve a lot of credit for that. And I was skeptical from the get-go that they would succeed at doing that. And yeah, so I didn't really have big reasons to criticize Ethereum. My view at this point is really that  not because it is better than odd coins. It's because it's better than the status quo and it's better than the US dollar. Like I really do see it as competition between Bitcoin and the US dollar. And then the competition about like US dollar versus Euro or Litecoin versus Dogecoin. Like those are secondary considerations because we're not really talking about the title fight right of the night, the too heavy way.  the other and that there's kind of a fundamental values debate between these two systems. I think that's plausible. Actually, though, when I look at what decentralization means to me, it's all about verification. And it's not just that I'm saying that because my background is an auditor. And so that's just where my mind goes. I think that a lot of the software engineers who work in this  Are we not achieving good outcomes that we want? Is there embezzlement or fraud going on? All of these, I think, are valid questions and, you know, merit verification. So in any case, the nice thing about cryptocurrency is that we can use cryptography, right? It's right there in the name, crypto cryptography to do the verification, right? Where, you know, someone does a cryptographic signature and then others can verify that that signature is in fact valid. And that's kind of what causes Bitcoin  And when they do that, you know, the, the, the process by which they do that is called hashing. And what they're doing when they're hashing is that they're trying to get a certain number of leading zeros in some random output. The input is not random. The input is actually the block header data. And it contains a lot of information, but the salient part is the difficulty, which is going to determine how many leading zeros you need to have in your hash.  to redo all the work because we can just do the cryptography very quick verification on the node side. And so this creates a balance of power in the system where it's not like the miners control how many Bitcoin get created. It's actually this decentralized peer-to-peer network of nodes that is receiving proposed blocks and double checking them to make sure that the miner is following all the rules and that they have in fact  the chaos this past weekend came down to if you ran a query with a Bitcoin node on the Bitcoin blockchain at the same time, anywhere in the world, and multiple people did it, they all got the same answer. Here's how many Bitcoin are in the circulating supply. If you did that same exact thing on the Ethereum network, people started getting different answers. And so at high level, I think people will say, why? Maybe before we get to the why, just describe,  five years. I can't point to it specifically. But then when I started seeing some of the debates over the past week about running Ethereum node and this verification, that resurfaced to my mind. And I was like, wait, did they write this piece of software? So let's talk about three different numbers. There's the total issuance, which is kind of like, what's the total amount of Bitcoin or  So that's about 3 million Bitcoin. And then subtract from that, historically, there have been bugs in some minor software which caused them to not claim Bitcoin that they were entitled to claim. And so we're actually below issuance because of that. And you can do this math. You can reconcile these numbers and you know exactly, you can point to which block.  to know that someone actually lost the keys versus it's just been a long time since they have transferred the asset. And we kind of want to have the presumption that someone can transfer Bitcoin to their keys and sit on those keys for years and not have any concerns about needing to refresh that or needing to rotate their keys or anything like that, assuming that their private key management is secure. So circulating supply is really  balance of how many Bitcoin are locked up to how many addresses. That's a UTXO set. You can just sum that up. It takes a few seconds and you've got the total supply. Ethereum is much more complex than that. They don't have the output model. What they have is called an account model. You have to go into all of these accounts.  Why would we judge Ethereum's account-based model against Bitcoin's output-based model? So those are two different trade-offs, right? And that's fair. I just want to highlight that what you're trading off is your ability to get a solid accounting for the total supply. Yeah. It feels like in this scenario, right, you've got Bitcoin, which has a very understood, simple framework that is all about  Well, is this bad if all of a sudden, if you have a public transparent ledger with a digital asset that's supposed to operate on a decentralized permissionless network, but you can't prove some of those things, is that not maybe not fatal, but is that a red flag or is that an issue? And I think that's really kind of what you raised the flag on. And we'll say, wait a second, I can't do this. Why can't I do it? Or who has the answer? Correct? Yeah.  I kind of found it, this whole thing has been surprising to me from the beginning because I thought that this would be pretty buttoned up that this wouldn't be an issue because it's not impossible what I'm asking for. And it's been interesting to see prominent Ethereum influencers imply that I'm asking for something unreasonable or something that cannot be calculated. And I think they're wrong. It can be calculated. They've just never done it before.  community, right? Like if, if, if, if their response to me had been, Hey, you're right, we're fixing this right now. And it was over in a matter of hours. That would be great. But we're on like day four or five right now. And we're down to 2,400 East, but you know, we're not down to zero, which is kind of what I look for in an audit is to have it foot to zero. Well, and I think part of this, because I'm with you, right? Like, you know, to clearly state, and I wrote about it this morning,  I was shocked, as it sounds like you were, at the cavalierness and the nonchalantness of the Ethereum community when you asked the question. To simply ask, hey, can you calculate this, to be told we're close enough, and then it comes out that it's like 300,000 Ether a porter, about 130, 140 million bucks, it's like, wait a second, I saw somebody tweeting, I said, if they think that you're close enough on this, well, what else are they close enough on?  I don't think anyone listening to this should go out and make a financial decision based on what I'm saying. All I'm asking them to do is to do some research and to really scratch under the surface on these assets and to figure out what I consider to be kind of like due diligence questions, right? Of how many exist? How did they come about existing? How many are going to exist in the future? And that's kind of like corporate governance, right? You want to know what the cap table looks like.  And that's where I think it's really important is to have the highest quality information out there. And it was surprising to see Vitalik point to CoinMarketCap as his trusted data provider for how many ETH exist. I think that that should be open source. It should not be a proprietary number that is only calculated by a select few of people who work at CoinMarketCap or who work at another data provider.  So I think that that's pretty non-controversial. And I think we'd be fooling ourselves if we said, if this same issue was brought up by somebody who was not a Bitcoin proponent, it probably would be handled differently. To me, it feels like there was just this reaction of we're being attacked almost. And so my hope is that eventually that stuff kind of dissipates and people realize there's kind of a better way to work together to some degree.  I actually think that would reflect poorly on Bitcoin as well. So I think that if as a whole industry, we're going to say these are decentralized immutable ledgers that we're building, then we should work towards that. And I want everyone to have the same expectations on that. So I do think that the end result is going to be that we have a clean audit and that there aren't  Why does this matter that we're doing this? And it's about decentralization. If we're going to trust centralized third parties, then we might as well just go back to the Federal Reserve, right? And I know that there's also a spectrum, right? So like some things are gonna be more decentralized than others. So for example, you might argue, well, aren't you trusting the developers who are writing the script? That's all true. And that's why when I did the bounty,  you want to have multiple so that, you know, maybe even write them in different programming languages and with different approaches and with different sets of sanity tests so that you can have a lot of confidence in the end result. And I think that, so I'm going to keep the bounty up. The bounty is a million satoshis, which if you do the math, that's about a hundred dollars. Although, you know, the exchange rates feel like very volatile. It's going to be a little bit more than that.  that you're just trolling. Well, if I put money up and, okay, I could put up more than a million satoshis, if that's what I need to do, I'll put up more than a million satoshis. But right now, I think that a million is a fair price for what I'm asking for. Everyone says it's a simple script. So I feel like a hundred bucks should be okay for a simple script. But it's turning out to be fairly complicated. So maybe I'll have to increase the bounty. I also wanted to use this opportunity to talk about satoshis because saying a million satoshis  you know, 100,000 satoshis is $10. So anyone can buy Bitcoin is my point there. Yeah, look, and I think that part of this too is, although there will be many people who disagree, the idea of one, identifying a problem and two, I do think is a good faith effort of, hey, I'll pay somebody to create this solution here. Frankly, it was pretty clever on your part. So it's pretty interesting to see. Before we finish up, what do you think is kind of the outcome  kind of the roadmap going forward. The Ethereum community is hard at work on Ethereum 2.0. And unfortunately, Ethereum 2.0 makes what I'm talking about even more complex of adding up the total supply. Because of sharding, now not only do you have different accounts, but they're going to be on different shards. And so, Ethereum 2.0 is extremely successful, and a lot of people use it. It's going to become  he's running a full node, so there's no way to know. So I think that this really impacts the scaling debate and the debate about the direction Ethereum 2.0 is going in. Now, maybe that's okay, right? That we can have a world computer where the math is a little fuzzy on what the underlying asset is. And the metaphor that they use, which I think is possible, is that ETH is like oil. You don't need to know the current supply of oil at all times.  a lot of people and even the Ethereum community that says that doesn't make sense to them either. But I think that we're headed to a world where I love how you opened it up, which is like more than one thing can win at what they're trying to accomplish because they're trying to accomplish different things. Right. Yeah, that's right. And I think that if we want to bring it back to a debate, it's like, all right, which of these has the biggest total addressable market? Which of these is going to accrue value? But those are kind of like different and it gets religious, right? People have lots of opinions.  ones are working really hard, crunching numbers, but that's where to find me and my DMs are open. So if you want to chat and talk about different questions you might have, I'm available that way. You were cranking out the tweets this weekend. I was loving every second of it. And frankly, I thought you navigated nicely between the smart ass comments and also the actual kind of substantive ones of let's try to figure out a solution to this.