 I lost you. Nope, I'm still here. I mean, I lost you on my okay, we're good. All right, guys, bang, bang. So before we get started, smash the like button on the video, subscribe to our channel,  It looks like you have done a fair amount of work on is Bitcoin good money, is Ethereum good money. Probably like to talk about that a little bit. I'd love to get your opinion on DeFi because again, it seems like you've been doing some work there. Maybe we can unpack why people think that you're a Bitcoin maximalist. I think that's interesting. Although you don't own any ETH, which we should also do,  that money is just a belief system. So if two people or organizations are willing to transact them, then they are quote unquote, a currency, right? We'll put it as a currency. The problem is which one is good and which one is bad. And I don't mean that in the sense that I come at it from one has to be good and one has to be bad, but I do believe that there's a big divergence in the framework of Bitcoin versus the framework  Right. And how does it protect your wealth? Like, how does that happen? So think a little bit deeper or talk to me a little bit more about why should good money protect your wealth? Well, it all goes back to what are you optimizing for, right? And I think that in a world where a currency is devalued over time, or it has unlimited supply, regardless of how that is created,  one, it has a artificially capped supply. So let's compare what is another popular sound money to gold. So nobody knows what gold's total available supply is, right? I love that Peter Schiff admitted to that during your debate, which I thought was really interesting moment. And I don't know if he really thought about it because people do try to define, you know, stock to flow of gold or how much gold is really here. Like I think he could have answered it better, but he said it's infinite.  gold. So one of the one of the jokes and before people freak out, right, I'm half joking when I say this, it is widely accepted in the gold community that gold is created from stars. Right. And so there's an argument to say it's just alien rocks. Right. Like it's created from stars and ends up here on Earth. And so you can create gold if you have all of the right inputs and process.  and, you know, hanging around and it's falling off trees and all that kind of stuff. So in a analog world where the story of an asset was more important than the actual provability of the asset, but the story of the asset, for thousands of years, gold took on this narrative of it was scarce. And scarce is relative, right? So if it's harder to find than other assets, of course, yeah, it's quote unquote scarce. But you can't prove  You can still buy gold, create jewelry, you can still buy gold and hold it, do all these different things. There's a market, so there's buyer and sellers, like all of that is true. But what I'm specifically getting at is there is no provable scarcity. The scarcity is a story, and there are data points that you can use and kind of intertwine in that story to tell the story. But you cannot say what is the total addressable market,  the current circulating supply. And so now what ends up happening is you move from a scarcity asset based on a story and a common belief to in a digital world, you move to something that can be proven. So they're both sound money, one is provable, the other isn't. And I think that while it seems like a very small, nuanced detail is incredibly valuable as we look at over the next 50 plus years.  is there is a meme that goes around. And before you even get to the meme, there's two parts to the Ethereum ecosystem. One is Ethereum, the network, and the other is Ether, the digital asset. I'm a huge fan, right? I wrote this morning about, I'm a huge fan of the Ethereum network, right? We've invested in companies that are building on top of it. We're invested in businesses that literally are hiring Ethereum developers, all that kind of stuff. And I believe that the Ethereum network is going to empower an incredible amount  It is identical to a fiat currency. And what I mean by that is, one, there is no total supply. There's no set supply. So it's an unlimited supply as of today. That could change, but as of today, it's an unloaded supply. Two, all of the inflationary or deflationary decisions are made non-programmatically, meaning that there is votes and it is a response to the current environment. As we have seen, humans are horrible.  could increase the supply schedule. And so that is very similar, right? The US Federal Reserve can decrease or increase the monetary supply, right? Same thing with the Etherwell. And then when you kind of get outside of that, the key piece that came up this weekend was the provability. Now it got solved, right? But the thing that caught my attention was not that specific issue, right? Okay, great. And by the way, it's comical that  and I'm going to make two connections here that I think will kind of start to tie a lot of these assets together and why the Bitcoin community has such a staunch belief in Bitcoin.  So it's no longer an issue at the moment, but it is very enlightening when people are saying things like it's close enough, or they're taking pictures of third-party data providers and saying like, oh, here's the supply. Like this whole idea of don't trust verify, right? That is what is enabled by this new digital world where you can prove, you can verify things. And as a fan of Ethereum, the network, I was shocked.  a lot that we should discuss around inflation and deflation because I've been always, it's a complicated discussion, but it's something that even recently, I've been overwhelmed with the deflationary aspects of Bitcoin and how important they are. I wanted to add one data point. It looks like Peter McCormick has  with, you know, people who know a lot about it. Yeah. Well, here's one other thing that I'm going to say, which if you are watching this right now, you're going to have to have an open mind to hear this mental pretzel, which is I actually believe the price of Ether is going to increase significantly in this next bull market. And it is likely... And it may outperform Bitcoin. I actually think it's likely that on a pure US dollar value, the price of Ether is likely  The second thing is look at the drawdown from the current all time high. Bitcoin's down about 40%, give or take. Ethereum's down 70% from its all time high. So if they just go back to their all time highs, you get about a 60% increase on the Bitcoin side, you get a 400% increase on the Ether side. Now, if you simply want to be a trader and look for financial return, knock yourself out. Use that data however you want, right? Not financial advice, but like use that however you want. I personally believe that Bitcoin  a seated investor because the company's worth billions of dollars and it's a pure SaaS based company, right? They sell software to banks. Awesome. When retail investors go and buy XRP because they believe that, oh, if the banks adopt Ripple, then XRP's value will increase, you lose me. So the investment thesis breaks down for the liquid digital asset. Same with Ethereum and ETH, which is even though Ethereum is going to be this core piece of infrastructure, that does not necessarily mean that  and  It's like 56% or 57% for Ethereum. So you're telling me an asset that is a 5X larger market cap, more people hold the asset for longer periods of time than the smaller cap asset. You start to say, wait a second. Now, again, that doesn't mean you should go change your entire investment thesis. It's all about what you're optimizing for, whatever. But that's just the data points that people have to start looking at. And so I always go back and say, look, I'm not doing this just to get rich. If that was the case, I would just lever up on the latest shit coin that somebody's putting in.  and this space both to protect it from all the things that we're talking about, but also to benefit from all the things that we believe Bitcoin offers you. Oh, yeah. Look, my belief is that the US dollar is going to fail at some point in my lifetime, and Bitcoin will be a global reserve currency. And maybe I'm off in terms of does it happen? You know, I probably got 50, you know, if I'm lucky, 60 years left. And so can it coexist? It doesn't have to fail, but they could coexist? They could absolutely coexist.  And so, I think that's where we're headed. And so the belief isn't like, hey, I think there's a lot of people in crypto who say, I'm going to invest in something that's going to be a little bit more than I am. And so, I think that's where we're headed. And so, the belief isn't like, hey, I think there's a lot of people in crypto who say, I'm going to invest in something that's going to be a little bit more than I am. And so, I think that's where we're headed. And so, the belief isn't like, hey, I think there's a lot of people in crypto who say, I'm going to invest in something that's going to be a little bit more than I am.  runs and then you start to hear the gold commercials on the financial networks. It's like an old man or an old lady saying, you know, the stock market's got me a little worried and I find comfort and I can sleep at night because I own gold. And then they go into this big gold mantra. And it's funny to hear those commercials right now, Pomp. And then the next commercial is like Grayscale Bitcoin Trust or Grayscale Trust. You know, it's like the history of money and  Like, he takes a tremendous amount of heat for exploring the intellectual, kind of being intellectually curious and thinking about Ethereum. And just as you've described, I think he would be directionally in favor of the things you've discussed today. Yeah. And look, what I think is probably the most misunderstood thing about the Bitcoin community is if you hear what I just said, right? A world where I said, I believe that it is likely ETH  is the most important thing that the human race is working on right now. The most important thing, hands down bar none, is if we can figure out how to successfully move back to sound money, it will have lasting ramifications across every facet of society, right? And I'm talking about very material. And so if you go back and you look at everything that has been created coming out of the society,  It's not even that. That's such a minute detail in terms of the big picture. And the big picture is, right now, in the United States, 45% of Americans own no investable assets, right? 50%. And by the way, I don't mean to interrupt you. If you get into different demographics of people, it's shocking the amount of debt and the lack of assets. And it's scary, actually. Yeah.  What they don't tell you is that the arbitrary nature of that inflationary system and the ability to print unlimited amount of money ends up actually being the greatest cause of wealth inequality in the world. And so what people end up having to make a decision of is it's not like gold, which is sound money, was not inflationary previously. There was still some gold added to the circulating supply.  Billionaires in the United States in the last five months have made over half a trillion dollars while there are 50 plus million Americans who lost their job. Think about that for a second. And what we saw was we saw the Federal Reserve step in. They printed trillions of dollars. They pumped liquidity into the market. Asset prices exploded. Yeah. Right? So you just get in this world of like, what's the number one thing we could do? If Bitcoin becomes a global reserve currency, I believe it will have a more positive impact on the world that all flammable.  solve wars. We actually had a counter thesis to that that I've explored with Bitcoin Tina in the past. We actually both believe Bitcoin will cause wars. Imagine if the things that you're saying happen and Bitcoin becomes a global reserve currency, it totally consumes the market cap of gold, it starts to consume the market cap of different commodities, real estate, all the fiat.  Yeah, I'm here.  But the second piece of it is war doesn't solve that problem. In what way? If I have Bitcoin and you kill me, you don't get the Bitcoin. Well, there's always a negotiation before and after war pomp. So, that war is just a potential unnecessary step, but it happens on occasion. So, when you have war, then you have some type of an agreement coming out of the war, and that agreement could be given  Right? As a commodity. But you can't take the oil with you back to your country. Well, you have to occupy. It's in the ground. And so you can occupy, right? Or you can have some sort of, as you're talking about, arrangement where basically, like, we get a cut. And that's what happens. Now, the difference here is when you look at Bitcoin, every time that there's ever been global conflict, those global conflicts end up, somebody takes out the superpower, and then they install their currency,  it's the exact opposite. You have to have the greatest defense to have the superior might, right? It's not military might, but it's the superior power is whoever has the greatest defense. And so we can go and hack China all we want or China can hack us, but if we just kick you out, then it doesn't really matter, right? It's whoever has the greatest defense. And so what I think is going to happen is Bitcoin will ascend to the global reserve currency status and never fire a single bomb, bullet,  we're dealing with now, in my opinion, that we're in an economic war and there's another participant and that's Bitcoin. But the thing is that you can't have an economic war with Bitcoin. Every single attack that you have has no effect on Bitcoin. So the old model of we're going to go to war with something, they've always fought something that's centralized. So you can do it economically, you can do it through society, you can do it through military might, you can do all this stuff.  And I always think, like, why would you go through all that pain to do that? And it really probably comes as a result of them contemplating attack vectors. Like, if I wanted to shut off the internet, you could shut off Bitcoin. But then... But you can't. Right. But then, right. Well, why can't you? Because you're not going to be able to get global coordination to shut down the internet on a global basis.  to protect your wealth. And so it's such a different thing and such a divergence from the way that we've thought about currencies and money and war and all this kind of crazy stuff that myself, other people, everyone is still thinking through this stuff, right? And we're going to see how it plays out, right? But I do think that if we are incorrect about Bitcoin, it is likely that we are underestimating how important and impactful it will be rather than overestimating.  I have no clue when, right? I don't know if that's a, again, 10 years, 50 years, could be 300 years, but at some point, all of the structure and the system and the mechanism and the provability, all of these things are superior, right? The portability, the divisibility, the digital nature, like it's all superior. And so what ends up happening is you just need time to occur and ultimately people will gravitate towards that value. The big question is just how long does that take?  Bitcoin is the most sound money in the world or not. There's not a single, you know, look, here's the crazy part. Air city. Prove scarcity. Gold, US dollars, and Ethereum all have unlimited supply as they are designed today. Right? Because there's no cap. And now some people look at that as a negative, but when you start to understand and unpack the value of provable scarcity, provable cap to an asset, it ends up being pretty compelling.  There is actually enough. Yeah. And I think that people forget you transact today with digital goods or digital assets. Right. So when I go online and I buy something on Amazon, right, or I or I transact with you, I send you information or value. Right. It's just that the difference here is the monetary policy and then the  that represents their currency, and that's how it'll be digitized. They'll first say that it's a stable token backed one-to-one by their said currency, and then they'll dump that and become central banks themselves. Yeah, it's the corporate central bank thesis. Like every single one of them is gonna try to do this. And I actually believe, right, and wrote about the fact, I think that politicians should immediately  Like I absolutely think that will happen. And I hope that politicians or the treasury or the Fed is thinking this way. Of course. I mean, I can't, that has to be the motivation of JP Morgan and the like making stable tokens. Of course. Before I forget, if you're watching this right now, a couple of housekeeping things. One, smash the like button on this so more people on YouTube can see the content. Two, make sure you're subscribed to the channel.  Let's put Bitcoin to the side for a second. What do you think is happening in the macro economy and what would you do as an investor? What are you doing? You know, I was listening to Raoul Paul recently and he, you know, I love when people that I respect confirm a strategy I've deployed. So, you know, I have a pretty large position, about 12% of my net worth in Bitcoin.  So I'm enjoying that stranded asset that was being subjected to inflation and kind of being stolen from me. It's working now. And I like that. I love real estate. So I'm making a lot of moves in residential real estate that I understand. I'm kind of waiting for a commercial real estate collapse, which I think will happen. It seems to be playing out.  basically are just saving, dying businesses and just prolonging the inevitable. How do you think that plays out? Well, I think it flies in the face of free market capitalism and kind of what should happen. Like, let me use this example, which I spoke about this morning on going parabolic. You saw JCPenney and Sears file Chapter 11. They went bankrupt. And they exist as anchor tenants in a lot of US malls. So it obviously hurts the real estate market, hurts retail, and it eventually could hurt banks.  cookouts and fast meds into mattress firms. I repurposed real estate. I guarantee you, it will be worth its weight in gold, this thesis that someone at Amazon came up with because they're going to be able to rapidly expand into these big spaces with big parking lots and cheap power and revitalize malls and bring jobs to people. I think that's something I support.  to Kodak from the Fed to turn it into a pharmaceutical company. They may have expertise in chemicals, but this is a pivot that if it was really something that should happen, Pomp, the Kodak investors, the people who love Kodak who own the stock and the leadership should have went to the market with it and let the people invest in it. But then you get this perverted stock option thing  years, 100 years of jobs that were created, they should have done something. But I think we're in QE forever now. Like I really do. I don't see how we get unemployment back into single digits. Well, I don't think that they can stop printing. I mean, we pretty much already knew they couldn't stop printing, right? When they tried that or quantitative tightening, laughable in terms of just the gyrations in the market. It's very  And by the way, that even happened while they were sending $1,200 checks directly to people, like all this nonsense about, oh, we're bailing out the people, right? No, it's not about bailing out the people. But I said, rest. Soon as I heard that $1,200, that is a payment to not have social unrest. We gave you $1,200. We gave you $1,200. But we just gave Jeff Bezos $40 billion. That's right. Do you believe that in terms of  because it was just illogical to me. I just wondered if you had a counterthought to that. I think that there's a lot of people who are in the Bitcoin and crypto world who are talking about economics and other things, and they don't have a good grasp of many of the basics, let alone the intricacies. I, by no means, am claiming that I'm some expert either, but I do believe that  And so I went and I started like really digging into the US federal budget and all this kind of stuff. And so the data, and I might be off a little bit if I don't remember the numbers exactly correct, but in the last few years, I've been able to get a lot of money from the US federal budget. And so I went and I started to look at the data and I started to see how much money was going to be paid to the US federal budget. And so I started to see how much money was going to be paid to the US federal budget.  deficit. But each year, the gap between income and expenses was getting wider and wider and wider. This year, we may have a multi trillion dollar deficit in the United States. You start to think about that you say, wait a second, this isn't, it's not a revenue problem. It's an expense problem. Right. And when you start to under I don't mean to interrupt you. But how about this? It doesn't matter.  You actually settle your books. You've got a little bit of profit. You can use that to pay into things like social security, all this kind of stuff, right?