 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a special, special treat for you today. Sean, thanks for doing this, man. What's up? How are you? I'm doing well, man. I'm thriving. So, you know, people always say, you know, how are you doing? And you say good or whatever. So I had this personal trainer I started working with. And whenever he comes over, he's like, how's it going? I'm like, I'm doing good. I'm doing great. But no matter what I say, he one ups it. So he'll be like, I'm fantastic.  I grew up all over the place. I lived in maybe nine different countries in my life. I finished high school in China. I started it in Texas. I lived in Australia. Then I moved to Silicon Valley because I was like, that's, that's the Hollywood for startups. Let's go there. My story is pretty cool. You know, it's pretty, I don't know. It's not like some rags to riches story, but it is interesting. You know, I thought I went to Duke university. I thought I was going to be a doctor. I finished all my pre-med requirements. I went to Duke university. I was a doctor. I was a doctor. I was a doctor. I was a doctor. I was a doctor.  of five on like, I don't teach her help. And then there's a chili pepper next to her name. And the chili pepper means like the teacher's hot. So I was like, okay, this is a winner. So we enroll and this class basically, you know, it's called getting rich, but it's basically a personal finance class. The teacher herself had graduated 10 years earlier. And she went and got rich doing stuff. You know, she was, she had a degree in Mandarin. All her friends were going to banking law school. And they were like, good luck with that Mandarin degree. What are you know, what are you gonna do with that? And this was, you know, 20 years ago.  I want to do. I want to go back to school and I want to teach what I wish I had learned. The stuff that actually helped me, you know, make it. They should teach this stuff in school. So I end up taking this class of hers and it's basically, uh, one day would be a personal finance class. Like what the hell is a mortgage and like what compound, you know, interest does to you over time. And then on the other side, it would just be stories of entrepreneurs. And I, as I was listening to these, which is, you know, if you're listening to a podcast, you probably like stories of entrepreneurs as well. I was inspired. I was like, this guy has lived a sweet life or this  and started a business which was, I started a cloud kitchen before cloud kitchens were a thing. I didn't think it was, I was just doing it cause I didn't have money to get a restaurant. So we created the Chipotle of sushi and I partnered with this food network chef and I tried to create this cloud kitchen for sushi. That was delivery only restaurant. And that took me down this adventure. I did that. I did a biotech thing with this billionaire guy in Australia. So I come to Silicon Valley cause I'm like, look, this is where the action is.  no external investors will self fund the whole thing and let's try to find another home run. And so I was like, Hey, this sounds awesome. My whole mindset moving to Silicon Valley was, look, I've done a couple startups myself, but I want to learn from somebody who's done it before now. And, and so I, you know, this guy had, this guy done it before. And I said, how do I pack for, you know, 20 years of learning into the next four years of work? And so that was my mindset. You know, how do I pack 20 years of learning into four years  So after he sold it to AOL, AOL does nothing with it. He comes to me one day and says, look, it's, Bibo's going to just be off, you know, off shed and go into bankruptcy. We have the chance to buy it back if you want to do something with it. So we buy it back for a million bucks. We reinvented as something new as an e-sports platform and ended up selling that last year to Twitch. And so exited to Twitch and since then have been at Twitch kind of enjoying that experience, earning out my deal and, and getting to know  because we already have our hands full with our own projects. And so, yeah, that thing took off as well and it's doing pretty well. So one thing that's really interesting is the Idea Lab concept is not new, but the way that it was funded and kind of all of the different iterations, what were some of the biggest lessons you learned going through, you know, all of the kind of start and stop and failures and successes in that concept? So I learned a lot about the individual ideas and how to make an idea successful or when to kill an idea, which is really hard.  that switch off in your brain if you're wired that way. But now you got money and now you feel like you kind of know what the hell you're doing. And so you're like, cool, I'll bet on myself. We'll bake up a bunch of different ideas. Cause again, focus is really hard to do. What's not hard is being ADD and starting a bunch of different projects. And so it's this tempting, really fun thing to do, but ultimately I think quite a bad idea if success is your metric. If you're trying to enjoy yourself, it's great. If you're trying to be successful, I wouldn't do an idea lab. And I advised a whole bunch of other people who were trying to do their idea labs.  And back against the wall, I have to make this work. I told my whole family, I told the whole world I'm doing this. I got to find a way. And with the idea lab, it's sort of like you're doing this project. It's exciting at the beginning. It kind of starts, you know, you build a prototype. Oh, that feels like progress. You get a few users. That feels like progress. And then you hit some wall or some plateau where it just doesn't take off right away. And, um, and what ends up happening is as an entrepreneur, normally you just power through that wall as an idea lab. You're like, Oh, you know, fuck that project. I'm going to go do this. How about that other idea?  There's type one, which is your Instagram. Like you built the thing. It's taking off. Twitter wants to buy you. Zuck is trying to buy you. Like, you know, everybody wants you investors banging down your door. They're saying no stay independent. And you decide to sell. Um, in that case, you've been, you, you are onto something. You're winning. You have a lot of momentum and you're a threat to the industry. That's why you get bought. Um, then there's everybody else. And I have this like, you know, speech I gave entrepreneurs privately, which is like, you are not Instagram. Cause if you're talking to me, you're not Instagram.  that's not what I signed up for. It's going to be just as hard as building a big company, but we're going to end up at a medium sized company in the success case. So I was like, look, um, let's sell this baby. Uh, so I was like, look, let's, let's sell this baby. And so I went out and I pitched and I figured out how do you sell a company? And I have this like whole deal framework of our whole process of like how to sell, you know, a not Instagram company. And we ended up getting a couple offers and decided to go with Twitch, um, which was awesome. Like we,  And now you're at Twitch and it's like the exact opposite. And I got to, you know, see what that's like for the past year, being at an executive company. And it's very, very different. Give me the 60 second overview of how you saw a company. How you sell a company. You figure out first, everyone wastes their time thinking about why they're so great. And you need to figure out what story you fit into for the acquirer. So what I did was I thought about each acquirer.  understand thing for an acquirer. So I went out and I mapped out 40 acquirers. I figured out what's, what's the angle? If I'm them, what, what's problem does buying bebo solve for me? And then I ranked them on like strongest fit to like weakest fit. And I started with the weakest fit and went pitch practice that pitch and got good at actually like answering their questions and figuring out what data they need and how to organize it. Because I got some great advice along the way, which was, um, you need to turn your company into a giant buy button, like a one click purchase from Amazon.  You need a deal doula to help you, you know, a keep your head straight because it's really like it can be very stressful for people. Be like negotiate figure out how to negotiations or it need to work. Um, and three, like, you know, they, they open doors and they can kind of back channel for you in a way that really helps you. And so, um, when the CEO or the kind of whoever's your champion at the company who's going to buy you, they need to hear from multiple sources and they need to sort of get reaffirmed because you don't want them to get fired for acquiring your company. So they need to have high certainty.  I want to go through those and you just kind of spit ball at me why you believe these things. The first is real estate is full of rich, dumb people. What is that? It's not that it's full. It is full of it. I got in trouble for this, but I believe it to be true. Real estate has the highest percentage of dumb, rich people. And people took that as an insult. I didn't mean it as an insult. I meant it as a compliment. It means, Hey, you can get rich in this area without having to be a genius. Like, dude, I was trying to get rich in this area. I was trying to get rich in this area.  It's awesome. Hey, who cares if you're dumb or smart, if you're rich, right? So, uh, project selection is more important than hard work. I actually agree with this, but explain what you mean by that. Yeah. So hard work is this like thing, everybody crafts and crafts onto, and I had trouble with this because I'm not that hard of a worker. I'm actually quite lazy. Um, and I thought for a while, I believed what society tells you, which is that you have to work really hard to be successful. Um, sure, sure. It helps, but like, Hey, I got successful and I still didn't work that hard. And like,  And I'd be sitting there with 50 grand at a table trying to beat this guy because he's good. And like, what a dumb thing to do. If my objective is to make money, that's a really dumb way to make money. I'm going where I don't have an edge. And so I learned in poker, they always say table selection is one of the critical factors is more important than being sort of this genius bluffer. And so in the same vein for startups or projects you're doing, you want to work on the projects where success is in your favor, not against you.  It's like rocket fuel, right? Turbo. It's a turbo for sure. And like, um, but what I'll say is it's not an absolute requirement for success. But of course, if you're both in the same, if you're, if two people go into the same project and then one works way harder than the other, they're going to get better results. And, um, and so yeah, it's for sure additive, but it is misprioritized. People, people say it cause it sounds really good to say. It sounds like it, like, for example, I'm always wary of things that sound good when you say them. And I'm always wary of things that sound good when you say them.  Everybody's got a fair shot and the harder you work the better results you get. In my experience, that's not really true. Hard work, it helps. It is additive, but it is by no means the like, you know, the thing that correlates best to success. There are many other facts, four or five other factors I would put over hard work. Number one, I would say is choosing the right project. So that's kind of like my little, my cheat code I would always use is anytime you see something that is just universally, you'll get a pat on the back for saying,  if you're really optimizing for like, let's say financial gain, and that's not the main thing to optimize for, but if you are optimized financial gain, you should either start your own company and own the equity, because the founder, the founder will get like, you know, 100 or 50% of the company when they started. And then the first two employees who are going to be just work just as hard, take just as much risk, pretty much, they will be, you know, 3% or less, you know, by the fifth employee, you're getting 0.25, 0.3, 0.4% of the company, which is ridiculous.  or a early stage startup person does. Now, if you're trying to learn, which is kind of how I thought about it, when I was young in my career, I was like, look, I'll earn later. I'm going to learn now. I'm going to optimize for learning. Working at an early stage startup is great. Yeah, I completely agree with both of those things. The difference between acting like a lion versus a cow, and this might be my favorite thing that you've said. I stole this one. So this I can't take full credit for, but hey, I steal 90% of my ideas. My job is to find good ideas and share  What are you doing? Like you should go to work. And for creative people and ambitious people, I worked, you're not like a factory worker. You don't just go in Monday through Friday, like a robot and work for eight hours straight and get the same output per hour. It's definitely not that way. Not all days are created equal. Not all hours, not all weeks are created equal. So if you recognize that you should say, well, then how should I work? And I think you should work like a lion's the way a lion works. And this is kind of the framework of all use that I like. He goes, a lion will sit and they'll wait. They observe the, the surroundings.  And so if you're an ambitious and a creative person, you're in a creative field, like probably most people listening to this are, uh, just say to yourself, I literally say this to myself, like work like a lion. I'm going to work like a lion today. What that means is identify the one thing I'm going to kill today. Sprint, hunt it down, kill it, enjoy it, and then rest. All right. So on the podcast, you and Sam par sit and basically just come up with idea after idea after idea. Uh, I've listened to many episodes of the podcast.  So, I think that's a really quick background. Hooked is a company that is like, if you ever read Goosebumps back in the day, like when you were a kid, I read them. It's basically like kind of scary stories, but they tell it through the phone. So it's like, it's in the text message format. The app just like, each line of the story is like a text message and you just read it. So Hooked has taken off. It's got 50 million readers. They do like 60 million a year in revenue. Nobody really talks about them. And so it turns out people still like to read. They just do it in new ways.  And so there's just this carnivorous appetite and there's not enough supply. And so, um, I think you should create a lightweight mobile platform where you subscribe 799 a month and you get a, you know, regular dose of romance, not romance, short stories. And, um, actually a listener heard this idea on the podcast and went and did a weekend prototype. So what he did was he took it to an extreme. He created a newsletter instead of a book and no app, just created a newsletter because it's quick, but he did it for free. And so he did it for free.  And so I like opportunities where it's not going to be as competitive because it's the average builder doesn't know about this opportunity. Yeah. And I also wonder, uh, where's he getting the content from the person who created it? Why just hired a, uh, uh, so Wattpad is like a free writing platform or people write stories. So he found a writer on Wattpad, I think, and was like, Hey, I'll pay like a hundred, a hundred, 200 bucks a month. Cause writers make no money. So it's like very easy to be like, I'll give you a hundred dollars per story or $10 per story or whatever it is. And these are very, very easy to do.  I'm like, I want to be like the framework Don, but I don't think you could be a Don if it's something as lame as frameworks. But it's like a two by two matrix, like two by two grid. And you just write is either old problem or a new problem. And then it's either an old solution, new solution. And so like old problem, people want to read stories like romance stories, but new solution, I'll deliver it to through your phone through this new packaging on a subscription basis, digital. And then you just write, I'm like, I want to be like the framework Don, but I don't think you could be a Don if it's something as lame as frameworks.  And so, you know, I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do. And I think that's a great thing to do  Absolutely. What other ones do you guys have? Okay. Here's, okay. I did kind of a raunchy one. So let me do a very safe, uh, safe for work one. Okay. So beautiful Bibles. So this, this came on a podcast. Uh, one of the episodes we did came up, which was that there are tons of Christians out there. The Bible is the best selling book of all time. Um, there's like 40 million, I think net new Christians a year and Christianity religion. People think it's going out of favor, but actually there's this resurgence. So like you have, you know,  You're just repackaging the existing content and you just need to package it with either photos better cover different form factor Something like that either something that's you know easier to take around or just looks good on a coffee table it doesn't like sort of look like a dusty old Bible and Religion is like the most you know popular free IP in the world So I have a whole set of religious ideas because where else can you get IP that is like universally known and loved? You know by you know hundreds of millions of people know and love this brand  into a massive market where you don't have to pay for the IP, all of that makes sense. But the other piece of it too is you can actually go ahead and marry the first idea and the second idea, right? So you could even do a super beautiful designed app where you can read it. There's all kinds of things that you can do off of that. And there's plenty of, I think that some of the most popular apps in the app store are around religion or Bibles. But I do think that there's another piece of this too, which is I'm fascinated by the idea of taking  the new language. And so it's like finding any sort of content that you can, you know, basically translate into like very simple, uh, kind of concise language, whether that's for children or, or for kind of adolescents, it just seems like it's pretty easy to do and the demand's not going anywhere. There's some group that's trying to do this on YouTube. They just took every like story from the Bible and they're just animating it into a YouTube series and their YouTube channels, like super popular. Their Patreon has like tons of supporters or whatever. They have like a whole animation team, like a Pixar team, basically.  but there's all kinds of content that exists, you know, everywhere. Uh, and literally you just read it and it's not very, you know, intelligent, heavy in terms of what's needed for you to be able to create the audio content. But again, going back to all of these books, eventually audio books exploded. Every piece of written content is essentially going to at some point have the, um, have the audio version. Like you could do the audio version kind of like, like, so my friends started calm, the meditation app. And, you know, calm was like, I remember early days was like,  story at night and it's kind of like this cool branded thing. So how many celebrities out there actually, you know, have faith and would love to be paid almost in a masterclass style to record a high quality reading of a religious short story. And then you could off package those up and offer them to people who want something. It's not just that it's audio, but it's audio done by celebrity. And you're just mashing these things together, remixing them until you get an idea that works. Absolutely. One more. What's one more you got? Okay. Um, okay. Pick a number between three and 10 and I'll read the number.  to maintain and build and they employ people. And so they're not making any money. And so you can buy these apps for 2x revenue because they have no exit. Nobody's going to buy this. Apple's not going to go buy this to Facebook. Facebook's not going to try to buy these companies. And they can't go raise money because they're not in hyper growth mode. So they're kind of in no man's land. So you can go, you can acquire these companies and you just need a no code back end basically where you're able to take everything that they're doing with their developers and you're going to turn it into  of business, I won't kind of reveal their strategy, but a very specific type of business. And then the whole idea was, we're going to use technology to replace much the human labor. And then on top of that, my buddy, it really understands how to use the platforms to grow and kind of operational efficiency and work with some large tech companies. And you just start to implement all of those lessons learned and tactics. And next thing you know, the business not only can you kind of make it more profitable by saving costs, but also you can  I'm going to just run through these and you fire off answers. Adam Singer asked to talk through mobile end versus mobile first. And how you think about that? Yeah. Okay. So what he's asking is, you know, your company, should you be thinking we are a mobile and company, meaning it's mobile and web or mobile and TV or whatever, or your mobile first company. Like when Facebook went all in on mobile. And you know, it's, I think there's context to this, like not every business is a mobile company.  And in most cases, and is a was word and is I can't make a decision. So I'm going to say both because then I'm not pissing anybody off. And in reality, I'm probably going to fail because I don't have the ability to do both at a world-class level. So be really worried when you, whenever your strategy is this and that instead of this, not that, I would always bet on an entrepreneur who's saying it's this, not that, even if they're wrong, because they'll find out that they're wrong and they'll be able to pivot when it's this and that they'll never know if they're wrong because everything will just be happening.  I think it was like, I don't know what years you were there, but like when it was like existential threat, nobody leaves, we're gonna figure this out. We're gonna shift the whole company in this direction. So not necessarily for that. So I worked there in 2014, 2015. There was plenty of people who kind of had the stories of that. When I was there, we went from, I don't know, I think I was like maybe right around 4,000, 3,800 employees, something like that to when I left, I think we had crossed over 12,000.  They're going to go in here for two weeks or that type of stuff. And then the other thing that a lot of people don't remember is when they were doing those lockdowns, a lot of times they would literally stop development of everything at the company and say, like, we're going to fix the data issues that we have. So going forward over the next 30 years, like it's built on a good foundation, there's this existential threat. Like we're going to address that today. We don't care if we don't make progress on anything else. And it goes back to your idea of like, it's not just startup entrepreneurs that need to focus. Like if you want to be really, really good,  So, um, let's say you decide to go and, um, and you, you go to the gym and you see your gym has a racquetball court and you're like, Oh, let me try this out. Let me see what they're doing. So you go inside and you start playing racquetball and you're like, Holy shit, this is fun. I'm smashing this ball against the wall. This is great. Next day you go and you buy a bunch of gear. You got your shorts, your headband, your goggles, whatever. And you're like, I love racquetball now. So you start playing racquetball for a couple of weeks. Um, and then, you know, a couple of weeks go by and you, you know, the initial fun of smashing the ball around is sort of worn off.  You're doing all right. You feel a sense of progress, but then over time you start to, um, you know, you hit plateaus and you stop getting better at the same rate you were getting better before. And when you really want to compete, you realize like, oh shit, like I still have a long way to go. And this is, this is not going as fun as it's not as fun as it was the first few days. And, um, so most people, you know, they quit, they say tennis. What is this? You know, I'm out here in the sun all day. This is, this is dumb. I'm done with this. And then they go and they they're like, I'm going to play golf. And then, you know, day one of golf, they're like, oh,  And so it was really hard to do that. Um, and there's really three types of people. There's a dabbler who that's the pattern they go down. There's what I'll call the stressor achiever. And this is where most people fall. Most successful people fall here where they're going to fight through. They will persevere, but they're stressed the whole goddamn time. Every time they hit the plateau, they're angry. They're frustrated, but they, they, they don't quit, but they're, they're driven by the problem. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to have to do that. And so they're going to  And so it's kind of a more philosophical personal lesson, but that's what I really learned from the idea lab was don't be a dabbler. Also don't be a stressor achiever. Learn to be a master in your adventures and then you'll enjoy the adventure and you'll, you'll, you'll have the endurance to continue. Australia. What's going on in the startup scene there? I have no idea. I was there like 10 years ago, back then it was like every single day, I was like, oh, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I  house, this new show, house MD and like house came out in the States like seven, eight years ago. And they were like, no, so how's the starting here now? And that's how I felt about the startup kind of being on the edge of things. I didn't feel like they were on the edge and like, no knock. I love Australia. You know, I'd live there again in a heartbeat, but you know, in terms of the startup scene, it wasn't the forefront. Makes sense. Uh, remote workspaces being, everyone's going to remote work in some form or fashion, but then people basically going into a  office, right? Then we didn't have an office. Um, and the way that I kind of look at it is, uh, it's one of these things where like, I actually don't think it's a company specific thing. I think it's an individual specific thing. So some people like really don't mind it all. They actually enjoy it. They want the freedom that, you know, they want kind of all these things. And other people are like, I absolutely hate working remotely. Like I want to go do, you know, go into an office. I want to be around people. I want to like, you know, sit at a conference room table, like all that kind of stuff. And so to me, it's like less about like, is the company going to be successful or not? Or can they be successful?  I live in Silicon Valley, right? People here are divas. They're like, you know, making a ton of money and unsatisfied the whole time and like expenses are really high and all this stuff. And what's going to happen is when you're remote, you don't have to pay Silicon Valley prices for talent anymore. So it's not going to be your problem. You're going to have isn't do I prefer working out of my kitchen or do I want to come in three days a week or two days a week or five days a week to the office? It's going to be holy shit. They just found somebody in Canada that's going to work for a third of my price. And so most people are going to get  or check less Avakia. Yeah, sorry. You're not going to be making half a million bucks a year anymore because I don't have to pay that anymore. I'm getting the same output or better for somebody, a faceless output person. Just think about it like they're just going to measure output per zoom endpoint. And that's going to have, they're going to pay 80 grand for it or a hundred grand for it. So I think companies are the ones who win big in the end with this and not so much the individual employee. Well, it's companies and then it's also people  talent is universal, but opportunity is not or something like that. That's what's going to happen. The talent that is already universally distributed is now going to receive a larger share of opportunity to earn and prove themselves than is happening today. Same thing's going to happen on the funding side where, cool, if I'm doing all my funding over Zoom anyways, and I don't just fund Bay Area companies, I'm going to fund companies everywhere. So more people get opportunity. Do you think that there ends up being these like pods or remote workspaces? Probably, but I don't think it's that  we work or Regis or whatever. Um, but I don't think it's like what the quet I saw the question on Twitter and who's like, are groups of kind of friends from different companies going to like form their own little co-office? It's like, yeah, well, like in the sitcom friends that will happen where like, you know, they meet at the perk every day at 3pm and like, you know, they live in New York in these, like, that's not real. Like that's a show. That's a TV show and that's not real. And so, you know, just think logically, most people are not going to like set up this like very perfect scenario where my best friends from different companies get to  I'm talking about a full on office, like maybe be hooked up with some sort of audio video capabilities and actually serve, maybe even be soundproof to some degree. Like you can start to see, and it's going to be promoted that way. Yes. I would add to that. Also, I think multifamily real estate is going to look very different. So, you know, today where you have these lobbies where people play shuffleboard and there's like a, you know, whatever, like a, a movie room or some, some amenity, like they're going to just build coworking spaces into every multi multi family.  a big spacious office with a good door and good light, more than they wanted a bedroom. You want to know my wildest idea when it comes to the remote work and housing? Hit me. So malls absolutely getting decimated. I think that somebody should go and you'd have to have a lot of capital. You have to be super ambitious and kind of do all the right things. But if you think of how the mall is basically set up is at the end and kind of in the middle, there's always the department stores. So you go in, you buy mall with huge  And so I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think  And you get like a bunch of people telling you how great you are. Like that's never bad. Um, so, so that's cool. And you know, it's a good platform to have the cons would be, um, it's very tempting to think you're smart when other people think you're smart. And my whole life, I think I actually kind of got smart because I thought I was dumb and I was always trying to learn. And so when you're, uh, when you're on a podcast and you're, you're basically kind of giving answers, you're giving like information and I want to be the, you know, dumbest guy in the room.