 And we should be live in the next 15 seconds. Hopefully this is all being recorded. All right, I think that we are live. How are both of you? I'm good. Awesome.  with Camilla about her book about Ethereum and DeFi, a bunch of other things, but leave your questions in the live chat and we will do our best to get all of them answered. Catherine, maybe you start. What questions do you have about all of this? You are the CEO of Binance US and are very close to all this. So what questions you got? Yeah, well, the best part is so Ethereum just celebrated its fifth birthday and Binance just celebrated its third birthday.  Yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah. So the theorem story is a fascinating story. Like it's a lot of people have told me the book reads like a fiction novel and that's because it's really, you know, a roller coaster ride full of like really interesting characters. So the early days of Ethereum really started with, I think just, you know, a love of Bitcoin.  But then he quickly kind of started researching more and went like, oh, okay, I get it now. And became a really full on diehard Bitcoiner and founded Bitcoin Magazine with Mihailisi and then took a break from computer science and went all over the world visiting the different Bitcoin projects. At the time it was called Bitcoin 2.0, all these projects trying to bring more  anything, like whatever they dream of. And we just give them these Lego pieces instead of like what looks like a Swiss army knife. And so the guy said Mastercoin and Colored Coins were like, no, like this is too complicated. We are already kind of focusing our resources elsewhere. We're not really interested in doing this. So that's when Vitalik said, screw it, I'll do it myself. And went off and wrote the Ethereum White Paper. So that's kind of a very early beginning.  to be built. I mean, we talk about the concepts that came right out of it, getting kind of the early adoption. And those didn't necessarily seem like his true plans. Yet here we've got other things down the road. We'll talk about DeFi, we'll talk about stablecoins, we'll talk about this other adoption cases. But did he have a list of every single possible thing you could build with this Play-Doh in mind? He actually did.  derivatives, identity and reputation, decentralized autonomous organizations, insurance, prediction markets, unchanged stock markets, it was what he called them. So he had like this list of applications and they're all actually live today. So it's pretty amazing, in five years what Vitalik had just done  in the 2017 ICO hype, we saw like developers started to like put blockchain on top of everything. And that of course doesn't work and it's not very useful, but you know, things like financial applications, I think is where these distributed networks can really add value. So one of the things that I think most technologists  for sure. I think, you know, that there were in the very early days, there it wasn't a sure thing that Ethereum would would succeed, you know, even even after the pre-sale, even after the launch, I write in the book how in 2015, when the Bitcoin price had, you know, really slumped, they were, you know, really strapped for cash. They didn't have much funding to keep going.  this hacker was draining a project that held a big piece of Eve at the time. And also because, you know, kind of the core values of Ethereum were being questioned. So I think, you know, Ethereum was able to kind of overcome those huge hurdles, you know, almost going bankrupt, or I guess like the Ethereum foundation being so short on cash early on, the Dow hack,  the Shanghai attacks after the Tao that we saw like more people building on Ethereum and then like ICOs taking off. Yeah, but it was like in the early days nobody was like 100% sure that Ethereum would survive. And then tell us about the process for writing the book before we started the live streaming here. We were talking about your experience of like going into the bookstore and seeing the book on the shelves for the first time. Maybe just talk a little bit about  huge price increases, billions flowing into ICOs. And I thought, you know, really the most interesting story in the space that hasn't been told is the Ethereum story. It's the second biggest cryptocurrency. It fueled a lot of this rally and nobody really knows exactly, you know, how this thing started. So I thought, you know, it's a great opportunity for me to tell this story. And so, yeah, I mean, I had never written a book before. It had always been my dream. And it was just like,  it for the editor. So from then on, it was just trying to talk to absolutely everyone involved. So I started with like chronologically, the very core early team, and then went on from there, kind of compiled what the biggest events were and tried to talk to all of the main people involved in each major Ethereum milestone and event.  seeing this project unfold firsthand. And then I tried to really immerse myself in the Ethereum community. So I went with them wherever they went. So if there was a hackathon in Denver, I went there, the hackathon in Waterloo, San Francisco. I went to DEFCON in Prague, DEFCON in Osaka, meetups. So I really tried to get a good sense of the community of what  in your opinion, like what is decentralized finance or what is DeFi? And is that specific to one blockchain? Is that kind of a bunch of blockchains? Like how do you just think about decentralized finance and then how it actually gets implemented in the coming years? Sure. So decentralized finance is the ecosystem of financial applications that's being built with blockchain technology basically and without banks. So it's an entirely new financial system that is  It's not just like dreams in a white paper. And I think, you know, I don't think DeFi is specific to one blockchain. It's kind of a fact that most of it is happening right now on Ethereum. But I don't think that it has to be necessarily the case going forward. I think, you know, right now Ethereum has kind of like the best position  That's awesome. You mentioned something that is really quite near and dear to the Ethereum community, which is all of the ETH global events and how amazing it is to hear about literally flocks of people congregating to Denver, Waterloo, Amsterdam, South Africa, you name it. Now that we're in kind of what feels to be quite a lockdown in terms of travel, how has this impacted the Ethereum community and how do they keep  are decentralized and it was like, you know, this like family gathering kind of atmosphere of like, oh, we're together. But in terms of development, like someone was joking the other day on Twitter that they're getting more done now that they're not playing around to different conferences. There's no beanbag room in the work from home. Right. And yeah, I don't think it's limited development at all. I mean, you see it in the Blossom  in this event. So at least, you know, that the spirit hasn't completely been lost because of because of Corona. Yeah. Where do you find the the most vibrant communities to be able to talk about Ethereum and chat? Is it Telegram, Discord? You know, where can new folks that are so passionate about Ethereum plug in to learn more? I think Twitter is a place where most people are. And I find  like specific teams, Discord channels too. So, Candy, one of the things that, before I forget, everyone keep hitting the like button. That's how, yeah, I see you guys all in the comments. That's how people find this on YouTube. You hit the like button. In terms of writing the Defiant and really spending a lot of time, I think, like in the weeds, trying things, using these products, what has been maybe the biggest surprise or the thing that you've learned  because, you know, reporting for the book, what I kept hearing was, oh, like DAP's UX is horrible. Like this is why nobody's using this stuff. Like nobody can figure out how to use the DAPs. But then like in 2019, when I started looking into DeFi and experimenting with all these apps for the DeFi end, I was so surprised to see how easy this stuff really was and how advanced the UX was.  all of these applications. Like you don't need to give out any piece of data. You don't need to create a separate account. It's really truly permissionless. And I think that's what kind of like made the light bulb go off in my head. Like, oh, this is what permissionless really means. It's, but I can just go and use any of this stuff from wherever I am. Like all I need is like an internet connection and an Ethereum address. That was pretty mind blowing to me.  that comp was about to launch, that compound was about to launch the comp token. I was like preparing to cover it for the defiant, but I didn't like expect it to be like such a huge deal. I was like, okay, like compound finance is distributing its governance token. Let's write a couple of lines on that. But then I was like, oh, like this thing is blowing up. Like people are like depositing hundreds of millions of dollars in compound. Like it's suddenly the most valuable DeFi token ahead of like maker dows, maker,  Why do you think people are finding this so attractive? I think like the fact that compound was the first to, well, it wasn't the first to use token incentives because other projects had done it before, but it was the first to like really increase, like offer significant returns with its  governance token. And so because there were so many people involved from like day one, the token like really skyrocketed and like more money flowed in. And so that really set the stage for all of the other tokens. So when Compound was so successful because the project itself is valuable, it really, I think like opened the floodgates for the other tokens and people were like, oh, like Comp was the first governance  the protocol and not just use it. I think, you know, has really inspired people as well. Like I, of course, like a big part of it is just speculation, but I think another part of it is this new concept in of using finance and actually being able to participate. So one of the questions that came from the audience and I forget who already so I apologize that  kind of coexist? Yeah, I mean, I don't think I mean, I definitely not contradictory to each other, Ethereum being a platform for applications and ETH being money. I think the question of ETH's money can be answered by, you know, seeing what people are actually doing with ETH. So  And I think that's a good point.  longer or do you think we'll see other standards adopted or innovated? That's an interesting one. You could break down a little bit of kind of how ERC20 versus the other kind of variants came out. That'd be interesting. Yeah. So for now ERC20 is definitely kind of the reigning standard. I think, you know, there are other standards that are, have other use cases, right? Like they,  ERC20 is the main one and it's because it's been tried and tested for a long time and it's what works with every theorem application. So I think it'll be really hard to replace that. Something a lot better would need to come along. And there have been bad experiences with the new standards. Like recently, Balancer,  So quickly, I wouldn't be surprised to see a different token like challenging ERC 20s.  accessible way for people to get involved and we're still such a big believer in educating people not intimidating them and this place is plenty intimidating. So courtesy of Cammie's book, she'll be able to kind of lower people's barriers to entry, helping them understand the full story of Ethereum and hopefully we can offer her the full suite of DeFi opportunities for folks coming soon. We also we also have gotten on the bandwagon with Ethereum offering staking, which was one of my first four ways into really enjoying the variety of  Obviously we all see kind of that continue to get pushed out further and further. I guess let's just start with one. Do you think that there will be an upgrade to ETH 2.0 to transition from proof of work to proof of stake and kind of how do you just look at this whole ETH 2.0 from where we are today? Yeah, well I mean the question is I mean if if there will be ETH 2.0 and I think definitely yes like  to launch early or like in January and we're in July. So, but I mean, whether it's coming or not, it's definitely coming. I think the most interesting thing to me will be how ETH1 can continue to support all the development that's happening on Ethereum until ETH2 launches.  CK roll-ups and different optimistic roll-ups and that kind of stuff that's already live. So there's an Ethereum DEX called Loop Ring already working, supporting thousands of transactions per second. And the idea is that more and more of Ethereum DEX will go to layer twos and improve the horrible gas costs that we're seeing today.  Do you see that changing anything in this DeFi space? Is that a threat to the DeFi space and anything or any thoughts there? No, I think it's great news for crypto in general because if banks can hold crypto, that means that more people will be able to be comfortable coming into this space and having people participate  comfortable with getting involved in the space. Catherine, what else you got? Oh, you're on mute. Pulling up my questions here. So another one was, this is an interesting question. When writing your book, how did you stay productive and on top of the next things happening in the space while things were moving so quickly?  more than a year ago. So yeah, I think I have my book to thank for that. It really kind of made me stay on top of things. Did you try to cut it off and publish it at a certain amount of chapters and then be like, oh, hold on. Write another 10 chapters based on content. Yeah. Oh my. Yeah. That was like always the challenge. Like where to where to stop writing it. I didn't I I didn't want to  It was like it was a difficult decision to make like how much will I get into talking about DeFi? So, you know, I did kind of go over it in, you know, obviously not got like so much in the weeds, but the final chapters were about, you know, after the this like really long bear market and everyone thinking Ethereum was dead, developers were building all  I was thinking it'd be more like another DeFi word that would be in there, kind of like, I don't know, the Hunger Games series names or something like that. Awesome. So one of the questions I have is you mentioned earlier whether ETH as money was kind of better money, right? Or not. How do you kind of see that playing out? Really the thought process or the framework  with decentralized infrastructure for kind of a full stack of decentralization. And then if so, does the infrastructure come to Bitcoin? Does the Bitcoin come to, you know, ETH and wrapped Bitcoin or TBTC or something like that? Like just how do you think through that? Sure. So on the question of like, is ETH better money than Bitcoin? I find them like very similar in terms of being money because for me,  And there's already this really interesting trend of people bringing their Bitcoin over to Ethereum to take advantage of all these different applications. So, you know, this trend has really been taking off this year and I see it continuing. You know, more and more people tokenizing their Bitcoin into ERC20 tokens to use on Ethereum. Of course, like if it were to happen  that people will buy when they get into crypto. Many people will just choose as a hedge against the traditional financial system. So I don't think people will stop holding Bitcoin. And I think it's a great investment to have if you believe centralized currencies or central bank-based currencies are unstable  not in the best situation at the moment. It seems like whether it's Bitcoin, Ethereum, many of these networks are just not as scalable as they will be one day and you get high cost as transactions fill up the blockchain. Talk a little bit just about, one, your perspective on the gas costs today, but also then two, is E2O the scaling solution? Are there others? And where does the release  like I don't know, I like yield mining or I wanted to, I'm issuing NFTs for proof of pre-order of my book and issuing those NFTs costing me like three bucks or like between three and five bucks. And it was a one, like $1 when I first started doing it. So it's a lot. And I see that the relief happening, not with, I don't think we need to wait for  them for it for them to be actually useful because it's like a UX problem of like people not on these layer tools can't really interact very well with people off them so you need to have like a critical mass going to them but I think you know as gas costs keep rising people will find it useful to migrate so I think this I mean these will be like  So one story that I cut from the book, because it was just like too many characters, was Peter McCormack, believe it or not. So I had interviewed Peter McCormack for the book because I wanted like a really interesting characters to walk me through their experiences in the 2017 boom. And so I don't remember if you remember how  100 pages over, you have like 30 different characters, you need to cut some. So I already had like other stories about like people, like heroes for my like ICO part of the book. So Peter had to go. But he's, I mean, he's an amazing dude and I still love his story.  like, oh, so sorry about my dog. Yeah, Danny Ryan is has been kind of spearheading the development of ETH2. Preston Van Loon is spearheading like one of the main clients for ETH2, Ben Edgington as well. Yeah, these throw people kind of leading Ethereum forward. So I would I would watch what they're doing.  that I want people to walk away with from my book. One, I just really wanted to write a fun, interesting story to read. Honestly, I want people who have never heard of blockchain or crypto be able to pick up the book and just go through a fun story about a crazy group of people who made this idealistic project, had a bunch of challenges to overcome, and how they went about overcoming them.  a different concept where you're actually able to keep control over your stuff, over your assets and your data and your information. And just be part of a more open way and like just, yeah, like be more in control  So yeah, I could sign with you on that Guys before we've only got about eight or nine more minutes left So if you're watching right now, please hit the like button some more people can find this on YouTube and learn about all this content Camilla mentioned NFTs a few times digital art Domain names all these things that I think people are starting to experiment with what's kind of your  to own digital assets, it's really powerful. And it's part of the theme that I was talking about earlier, this new ownership economy where you are in control and NFTs are a huge part of it. I mean, right now in the same way that you have your bank trusting your money, when you're interacting with a lot of the stuff you use online, you have companies, you're trusting companies  the game that you're playing on goes bankrupt or dies or leaves or whatever, or like decides to censor you and kick you out of the game, you can still own those items and they're yours to trade on a decentralized exchange or wherever. So I think that's a really interesting use case. And then like another use case that's also already happening is  tokenize their say a work of art. They put the token on on that decentralized exchange. And now they have access to earnings on like the primary market, which they they usually do, but also the secondary market. So when when people start trading that token, and the value goes up, the artist can can actually