 Alright guys, bang, bang, Jan's here. What's up, man? How's it going? Appreciate you having me on. Of course. Jan works at Delphi Digital, where I sit on the board, which means automatically he has to be smart. But let's go through your background first and then we can talk about Delphi and what you guys did there. Yeah, so after college, I worked in traditional finance.  I was in leverage finance CRM. And so the idea there is we're loaning, providing debt to highly leveraged companies and really understanding, you know, these are the riskiest companies and realistically, can they actually pay this back? And so you've kind of start to see really ridiculous situations where you're, you know, you're providing loans in situations where you possibly shouldn't be, but there's a lot of underlying relationships there that kind of have to be respected. And so that, that was kind of my, my traditional career. And we, I fell down the corner.  And so we just noticed that we were spending more and more of our time trying to understand the space. And on one end you wanted to do it because there were opportunities to make a lot of money quickly. And there's no better motivator than that sometimes. And so we really just spent all of our time on this. And after a while we actually really appreciated what was going on and then thought that this had a lot of potential and we really wanted to be a part of it professionally more than just casual investors. And so at that point,  how can we leverage our existing skill set in the best way possible to kind of monetize it and create a business out of it. And so we thought at the time the idea was institutional money is going to move in. And so everyone realized now that that process happens a little bit, a little bit more slowly than expected. And, um, and there, there are hurdles in the way. And so some of the hurdles are custody regulatory and you can kind of go down the laundry list, but one of them was understanding how value can accrue in the space, why I shouldn't value  in August of 2018. And we were kind of building behind closed doors for a while trying to figure out how we're really going to build the business, what was really necessary. And so we figured it would be a subscription business. And the idea was we would provide recurring research and that would be one way to really scale the businesses over time. You build a subscriber base and that's kind of how you build that business. And part of it was, so we bootstrapped the company  is now sourced to diligence team where they would say, all right, we are interested in this sector, come back with investments from an equity perspective, from a token perspective and why. And so those were larger one ticket items that were great for providing capital to business. But those, the way that that business scales is with price, whereas the subscription business scales with users. And so we needed both to kind of happen in tandem. And so we kind of leveraged the consulting businesses to subsidize the research. And then we met you,  what users want, what they don't want. And at the same time, the space changes so quickly that we can't be very rigid with our structure. We have to be a bit more nimble there. And then the consulting end, what's happened is we had, so initially our skillset was understanding where to invest. And then from there, through our research and just our ability to look into as many tokens as possible and really understand why some are successful, why they're not, and kind of going from there, the consulting business evolved  we can not only we have the research side, but we can only we can design these tokens for projects and also provide them with capital assistance and actually become you know a Real value provider in the space beyond just any kind of research or analysis and then really helping projects and investing and becoming more than just a capital provider to the project but actually helping them with with design and Dashboards and kind of figuring out in what ways we can really be a value add to them And so what does Delphi look like today?  to be bearish is not in the sense of we're not gonna tell you that a project that everyone knows is bad is bad and go into a lot of detail about it. That's just useless. So we'll kind of in those situations, we'll typically be a bit against the grain where we think that there's a misunderstanding between what people think is actually gonna happen relative to what is actually happening. And so again, that's something that we think is actionable. But so the research side, we have those types of reports. We have a lot more short form content. We realized that  are logical. And so we have daily reports that we send out about topics that we think are relevant thematic reports where we'll dive into a certain sector like DeFi or Oracle and things like that where we'll break down the major players in the space and kind of what they're doing. And oftentimes our ideas really stem from those types of analyses where we're looking at a sector and we see the competitors and then we can quickly tell which should succeed and then kind of the reports evolve that way. So there the idea is to make all of the research and the internal process  our bread and butter really is is when you think about these, these token structures is understanding it's not just, so if you think about what tokens were in 2017, they started as a method of raising capital and that's what they were. It was an easy way to get around regulations to raise a bunch of money and, and, and which, and you have no requirements. It's not equity that you're bound by it's, it's just free money. Then as the, as that period slowed down, it got to, all right, well now we kind of have to make these things have value somehow. So let's figure out how to tinker.  but in a way that can organic see that you have these rewards that are basically token based and and the idea is that over time as those rewards kind of diminish the natural functionality of the project starts to take over and it's kind of the same thing as Bitcoin just to a different level in the sense that you have the block rewards are a subsidy and over time the fee market is supposed to develop to offset the subsidy and then that's how the system can operate organically and so that's the same logic that we basically apply to a lot of these  designed it and so there's a lot of benefit there that we kind of are looking forward to using as well. Makes a ton of sense. Everyone wants to know about DeFi. They see all kinds of crazy things on Twitter. You probably understand it better than most. What is DeFi and what's happening over the last 60 days in a DeFi market? Yeah, now it's a great question. So DeFi is basically a way, it's trying to replicate services in financial markets.  the amount of fees and productive value they can provide. So you're starting to actually see some kind of fundamental way to think about these things. And DeFi has been around for quite some time. It hasn't really taken off until recently. So it exists in 2018, 2019. And over time, it's just become kind of more complex in terms of what people are building. So initially, it was a lot of borrowing and lending. And so the idea was I have this money, I can process  So, you know, after the large sell off in March, everything kind of bounced back. And that's when you really saw DeFi start to blow up a lot. And it was a combination of things. So on one end, you had several DeFi projects that were either launching, providing new products, V2s, updates, and trying to basically optimize their structure. And then at the same time, and this side is a bit more anecdotal where you had some institutions come into this  basically buy those calls on the cheap and then sell spot to kind of offset that to create that hedge. And so that kind of really dampened Bitcoin volatility where we saw Bitcoin is really flat from, you know, end of April or May until mid to late June. And during that time, we also saw DeFi start to pick up. And so it was a really interesting combination of the two where now you're starting like Bitcoin holders are, you know, a lot of them trade leverage and use options. And so  right now it's still less than Ripple or XRP. And so like, it's not a bubble in the same way that we saw 2017 where everything was running. And so you had like, you know, billions and billions of artificial value created here. It's a very small set of a handful of names. And that's why at the same time, the amount of capital that flows into them causes their price to even to move up even further. And so what's been useful is it has brought a lot of attention to the space and created a lot  a function of how much people wanted to borrow it, but now we supplement it with our token. And so the token, now users aren't getting 70%, they're getting 1500% or 1000% yield on their assets. And so not only that- How does that happen? I think that's what people are confused by, right? They hear 1000% yield on something and they're like, this has gotta be a scam, right? So explain how something like that happens and then we can talk about yield farming and all that. Yeah, absolutely.  And within governance, you can structure it such that a certain amount of the fees from the entire protocol go to those tokens. So the way what happens is they start to issue a few tokens, but those tokens start to balloon in price. And their schedule is still to distribute one token a day, you know, but just as a scale. But that token initially started at 30 cents and now it's at 40 bucks. And so the yield has just gone insane. And like your,  okay, once that yield farming stops, what portion of these assets will actually remain with that project and how many will just opportunistically jump to the next situation where there's the most yield farming? And it almost makes it tough because projects won't all debut at the same time. So even if you're a project where you have a natural amount of yield that you can generate, the problem is if somebody else launches after you, that can then just provide that yield  that fees that are inflated by the, they're just issuance of the token, but from providing a product that's actually useful. And so that's where things kind of get interesting and really seeing how this whole space will shake out. So my two questions are like, one, how sustainable are some of these organizations? And then two, how many are there? Right? I keep hearing people talk about like how much values locked in DeFi. And then when I go look, and I literally can't find how many actual DeFi projects are, there seems to be like more and more  I think some will have slightly more sustainable models. So the good thing is a lot of these projects are also at the, I guess, quote unquote cutting edge of token, econ and token structures. And they're also really looking to constantly improve them through a very public governance process, as well as outsourcing some of that to teams like us where we'll try and help in any way we can. And so,  work in in tandem and it's actually funny so the idea is with some of these you can Effectively, so let's say I want to take my assets and I place them into this pool to provide liquidity The way that the value of your your share of the pool is now a token technically So if I put $100 what like just thinking about it easily if I put $100 into this thousand dollar pool And now there's a thousand bucks. So I'm technically 10% will just say each token represents at the 100 bucks  The one of the more interesting things to see is a lot of these projects were kind of developed in silo in the sense that we understand what our risks are as a project, we will develop these mechanisms to institute balances in there. But the problem is they can't account for new products that come out and create sources of demand and supply that completely throw their systems out of whack and makers, one of those where they're having a bit of trouble where they have to be able to  find out that everyone continues to kind of point to. Now it's definitely more of the former where you have a lot of these larger projects that are consuming a lot of the liquidity themselves. And if they can differentiate enough, there is a world where they can all kind of coexist. And so what's good is they are iterating quickly and trying to figure out new ways to both incentivize users and efficiently use that capital. But what the whole space  really benefit is if they can provide, if they can suck up enough liquidity, then you as a trader, as a user, you can buy like trade in and out of assets through these projects rather than through a centralized exchange. And so the idea is centralized exchanges make a lot of money and they make it on that fee. So if you can now instead transfer the fee to the user providing liquidity and then, and I as the user, as a trader can don't have to deal with any cases  register for KYC and the difference is it needs to get to the point where it's competitive enough where, all right, if I'm still getting way better execution on an exchange, I'm just gonna use that. But as that kind of gradually, there's like, I guess, a tipping point where over time, execution will kind of expand and really get better on the decentralized side. And that's where I think you'll continue to start to see, continue to see a lot of growth. And so as part of this, like, when the value gets locked, how much of that is net capital inflation?  So is it that, but to what extent can incentives sustain that growth? And so that's where the question is, can we continue to figure out ways to incentivize additional users to bring capital to the space? And so far, it's been going well and projects are getting very creative with how they think about the long-term sustainability of these models because you do have to initially reward users more than they would normally receive.  product, and they use S and X tokens. And the idea there is, as a user, I can buy, so on one end, if I'm providing the capital, I need to receive something in return to do that. And so they receive a fee. And where's this fee coming from? It's coming from traders. And so you have this massive pool of assets that is seven and a half times over collateralized. But the idea there is, so these assets sit as the backstop and you can issue synthetic products against them. So you have 750,  of thin air there's it's it's what was probably the biggest hurdle for DeFi initially where because you can't take credit risk against anyone, everything has to be over collateralized. And that kind of created a bit of a choke point. But as you create enough uses for the assets that are borrowed against them, it still makes over collateralizing these positions a worthwhile, I guess, endeavor for the individuals providing that collateral.  in any way they want and they borrow the security of Ethereum. And by that, like the only way to really hack these projects from like a 51% type level is to actually control the Ethereum network, which is really difficult to do. So what happens is, as these projects were growing, gas, every time you interact with these contracts, you have to pay a gas and gas is a function of two costs. One is the price of gas, which is just based on the supply and demand at the time. And then the other is the quantity of gas.  like that demand for gas because it was almost 50% of issuance in terms of trying to think about how to proportion, like the amount of gas. So definitely had somewhat of an impact on the price. And then the narrative kind of started coming about that if DeFi really thrives and ETH has to thrive as well, which I agree with to an extent, I still think these DeFi projects gain a lot more on their own than ETH kind of does, but ETH by nature should kind of appreciate as well.  ingrained had actual use cases at the time, definitely pullback, but just not as much. And the pullback was natural, as you saw, you know, the Bitcoin traders fly in the same way they come out. And so what's interesting and these cycles have happened over time where alts really do well when Bitcoin volatility is at all time lows. And that's just because of boredom and search for returns, basically. And so I don't think we've had a time, though, where there have been this many alts that actually had real  as much. And then if you think about the metrics for Bitcoin, a lot of the ones we like to look at are aside from the normal ones, just looking at the distribution of the holder base and kind of like what the characteristics of supply and demand really are right now. And so you're seeing the amount of Bitcoin that's moved in the past year being at all time lows. So that's a lot of Bitcoin that's just sitting idle. One of the ways we like to look at the level of weak hands is  in less than three months has declined. So people are basically ignoring the spikes as much and they're just sitting on their Bitcoin. And at the same time, you're seeing, you know, basically near one year lows of Bitcoin on exchanges, which is really great to see because, you know, the only reason you'd really move it there is to trade. And some other interesting ones are you can track basically the amount of whales that exist. And so if you track that over time, you can really see how whales accumulate. So basically a whale being an entity that holds at least  you'd want price running right now on the least amount of outside demand possible because that just means that that has yet to be satisfied. And so I think that's what we're really seeing where the existing user base is really dug in. People are trading bits here and there trying to scalp more, but there's not that much that's people are kind of numb to price changes and they're just waiting for the next leg up. I think. And so I think we're at a situation where the amount of new demand really needed to move price up is at or near like all  subset of them kind of make their way down the rabbit hole. That can be a huge boon for that space. So all these people keep tweeting at me alt season when alt season sir. That's basically what you're talking about here. What is likely to happen. How do you look at that. Yeah. It's a good question. So I think each time we'll see Bitcoin run up it's  there's a lot of volume there, they can be more appropriately priced in the dollar. So when Bitcoin runs up, they don't necessarily have to pull back as much because they can sit flat versus the dollar, they'll decline versus Bitcoin, but you don't really see a massive decline there to the same extent. I still think alts really need Bitcoin to be quiet for some time to do well. I think certain catalysts for individual projects can be strong enough to offset a strong Bitcoin move.  majority of them, it'll probably be negative. But I think because of the fact that a lot of them don't really have any fundamental value, and that's fair. I think with DeFi, the reason it has some is because there's immediate product market fit where you're just enabling speculation, you're enabling borrowing lending, and that's pretty much the biggest use case for crypto right now is speculation. And so if you can enable that with a project in a unique way, then you do have immediate product market fit. And so that's kind of  suffer, you know, with massive Bitcoin upside. But what you'll end up seeing is basically the alt. Bitcoin will rip, alt will kind of stay flat or come down a little bit against, they'll stay flattish against dollar come down a little bit in and come down in terms of SATs. And then Bitcoin pauses and then money floods back in. And the idea there being that Bitcoin pulling back, you know, 1% means that alts can really because that's a lot of capital leaving Bitcoin flooding into alts and not that much  with this stuff. I think that Bitcoin is well understood kind of off on its own and strong and not really gonna change at all. When these other people come to you and they say, hey, we want help with the token economics or the value accrual, like what do you guys spend time talking to them about? How do you actually construct that? And maybe give me an example or something. Yeah, so it can really vary. If it's a live project, you're a little bit more  How are these individual users going to act based on what is rational for them? And so I think one that we designed from, we actually, it was originally a consulting engagement with Axi Infinity. It's a gaming project. And then over time, so we initially kind of designed the token to work with them on that. And then they were launching and we had the ability, the timing worked out where we were also able to invest. And so in this situation, basically the game already exists. They have a user base.  smart contracts. When you and I battle, it doesn't have to register to the blockchain. It's only when we update stats or buy and sell these NFTs that they hit the blockchain. So from that perspective, it's not as dependent on that. What we basically designed was a token that the goal was, all right, how do we reward existing users, keep them sticky, but also provide a lot of incentive for new users to come into play. And so on one end, we structured, we added a token aspect that basically  it goes to this pool. And the idea is you can leverage this pool. And so what we've been through is this pool will eventually be a DAO that the token holders can govern. But the idea is if you're much more likely to spend a couple hundred dollars in this game, knowing I can just sell these later on and recoup potentially more than I paid just because the expansion of the game relative to a game like Fortnite where I paid 50 bucks on some aesthetic gear  Within the pool, there was a lot of individual dynamics where we built in a score that you'd get for holding a certain amount of tokens, and then the score would enter you into a lottery that you could win a prize. And so you kind of create a lot of these supply sinks that actually provide value to the users and at the same time. So the only way you can get access to these individual prizes by buying and staking tokens, the only way you can get these tokens are by playing or by buying them in the open market. And so there's a lot of value in how  the centralized aspect is still the game maker and they're building all these products and you want them incentivized because they need to keep expanding with the game. But at the same time, the value accrual and where all the capital flows goes to everyone. And so these kind of structures that can be sustainable for a long period of time and the goal is, you know, we'll have those rewards that will last for years, but over time, the rewards should be a function of just redistribution from the pool to new users in that way.  No, no, it's the team is big fans of Norse mythology. And so you understand how ridiculous it sounds when Jason is texting me Thor chain and I'm I can't tell if he's joking or not. But all right, what is no way we mentioned them like, oh, we love the project. Have you ever thought about potentially changing the name? Because you know, the first step of every discussion we have with anyone about this project, right? It's and so the idea there is so liquidity pool,  and the fee accrues to the pool so the users who provide their liquidity get a fee. And so this isn't the idea of you have idle assets, now you can generate some kind of a yield on them by providing a service to somebody else. And this is kind of how you move out of the centralized exchange space. Uniswap was primarily focused on Ethereum, whereas the idea with ThorChain is, all right, so even taking a step back, one of the bigger issues with DeFi and Bitcoin is it's very hard to bring native Bitcoin  and create incentive structure for the people that are protecting the original portion. And so it adds a layer of fees. What Thorchain is trying to do is all assets will effectively stay on their native chains. What they are, what happens is they go into wallets that are controlled by nodes. And so these nodes are run by users who hold rune token and you have to stake a certain amount of this token and in return you operate a node and you're basically what's securing  If you fractionalize the pools into a lot of smaller pairs, you hurt. Like, so if you had, you know, if there were, if ETH was in a few different pools, I would get worse execution on that ETH relative to it just being in one large pool. And so by establishing a common asset that's in every pool, which is Roon, like if I wanted to trade Bitcoin for ETH, basically I take my Bitcoin, I sell it, it goes into the Bitcoin Roon pool, and then Roon sells into the other Roon pool for ETH.  to reward users for placing their assets in a pool. So the way that this project actually works is you need enough liquidity if you put into these pools so that the execution becomes comparable. But it's tough for people to provide liquidity initially because if no one's trading on it, then I don't really want to provide liquidity because I'm not going to get any fees. So that's like the kind of the bootstrapping mechanism where, okay,