 All right, guys, bang, bang. He's back. Jared, what's up, man? Thanks for doing this again. What's up? Thanks, Pomp. Great to be back. For sure. So for people who didn't listen to the first time we did this, maybe give us kind of a quick two minutes on your background and then you've got an update. You're back at the Washington Post. Yeah. So we spoke, it was probably like almost a year and a half, two years ago. I was the CEO of the Washington Post.  Our attention is constantly being given to all these different platforms where creators are producing, but like what is that value and what are the business models built around that value? So yeah, the last time we spoke, I was CEO of Poet. I left and returned to the Washington Post where I oversee the entire commercial business. So really focused on how we make money at the post, how we drive all of our revenue arms, subscriptions, advertising. I oversee R&D. So what new businesses, products, technologies we could build  and how we can build software that they can license, tie themselves together and kind of bring on a more sustainable approach to their business. Yeah. And I think part of what is so interesting, and I love following you on Twitter because you just, it's obvious, are constantly thinking about this and you just nailed a key piece, which is you're not just thinking about it from the content, right? Like what are creators going to do next? What platforms are they going to and all that? You're also thinking of how do these platforms  about like, what does that mean and kind of elaborate in what you wrote on? Yeah, it's really interesting to think about all the complexities in kind of the content creation world and the media world that seems so, so, so like, I guess the term is complex. Like it seems like there's so much going on, all these different roles, all these different companies doing all these different things. And when you really kind of back up and boil it down, it ends up being very simple, right?  There was no free market to then set what the cost and structures would be. And media companies had a lot of power, revenue power, relationship power, distribution power. And of course, they were the medium that people were getting information. There weren't all of these options. And everyone knows what happened when the platforms came about. But all that somewhat became very distributed. And now we're entering into worlds of things being decentralized. But that gatekeeper mentality is really no longer the business value or the business value.  for creating under the umbrella of a larger brand. I think that there's a huge, that there's a huge belief. I won't say like this, like his belief, but there is a huge belief that every creator wants to be independent. And that's really not the case when you talk to a lot of them. There's a ton of value, especially in news media, to write for the Washington Post, the New York Times. It gives reputation, it gives access and enables you to have a book deal and grow your audience. And then eventually you decide to do what you want to do after that. But there is tremendous value.  built for the brand in a way that benefits both them and the brand. So the media label or sorry, the media company has record label ideas kind of like, well, if media companies know how to manage talent, how to distribute talent, how to work across the entire kind of media ecosystem, how to drive revenue from it, then if I'm an independent creator, and if I'm set up with options, which is basically like, could I go and create on my own? Yes, there's benefit of being independent and owning my IP. But now all of a sudden,  become labels, like one of which is what's the relationship with the creator? It's not just, hey, your salary, come create content. It's what's the relationship with joint IP? If we create something and you leave the company, then what are the royalties tied to this sort of relationship? How does the media company get incentivized to allow like pop to go and do his own thing even off their platform because there's mutual benefits there. And same for, you know, pop to go and do things that then drive back to the media company. So the economics are  you're seeing a lot of platforms starting to take that role where they were just distributors. And now they're saying, well, look, we could become media companies as well. So it's really kind of coming to a head right now. And it feels to me like there's two separate trends that are happening and you're trying to pull them back together, right? And those trends are the mainstream media organizations are losing, and I put losing in kind of air quotes because it's how you perceive it, but they're losing trust with the public.  things like that. But I think generally as a sector that there's some struggles or obstacles. Then the other trend you see is people leaving as the individual creator. And what's interesting to me is historically people have thought about the journalist as a kind of a subsidiary of the media company. Now you're seeing that break away. And it's not just journalists though, right? You're seeing everyone from an entrepreneur to an investor to a journalist, like anyone who basically can do analysis or share an opinion about  Well, the New York Times is very interesting, right? I think they were one of the first, at least legacy media companies that I've started to see trying to take an approach that does put kind of the talent front and center. Like there was an article in Neiman Labs a few months ago that says for the first time, the morning newsletter is not going to be called like New York Times morning, like the New York Times morning newsletter, but it's going to actually have the author's name on it because they're looking to build a brand around that.  as a business. So as the future of news starts to figure out like what that looks like and what a Netflix and news could look like and what the value of content looks like, then all of a sudden they start to think about their role of recruiting and bringing that talent there versus that talent going elsewhere. But I do, I mean, I'm very blish on the independent creator space. Like that's basically why I've been so involved in thinking through this and somewhat trying to like poke holes in it by trying to figure out, okay, if we  system without that legacy debt, right? Like that legacy, in fact, does kill the dream. Those legacy operations do inhibit you from being able to like understand how the media industry is evolving. And as far as I'm concerned, that's already happened on these new platforms, right? And I tweeted something out this morning, which is really, which is like, very obvious too. But like, I think that it starts to spark an interesting conversation. It's always been a conversation of like publishers versus the platforms, right?  that's great, but they're the equivalent of a creator creating on TikTok as an independent creator is creating on TikTok. So what kind of that convergence to your point, what that allows us to start to think about is what are the new businesses and companies that are going to be built that help create like comfort and confidence for creators? I think that's obvious in the media company sector. Like they basically do that already. They just need to figure out how to make themselves more attractive so that creators still want to stay there and  business model that enables these creators to go and kind of like the fastest race there. So it is a convergence, but it's also a competition. And so let's talk about the media companies specifically, right? So if you're a media company today, historically your promise to a creator has been come here, I'll give you the safety net of a salary. You know what you're going to get paid. And there's probably some brand kind of promise or brand backing you. So you use some version of legitimacy, whether you needed it or not. There's some built  good deal, right? If you wanted to create content, like why not go do that? Now, I think your argument is like, that's got to shift. And so talk to me about what in that offering do they not need to offer anymore? And then one of the things that they actually do need to offer that previously wasn't part of the deal? Yeah, yeah, that's a great question. So, so one thing that you highlight is that, and that I think is often like overlooked in the media space is that media companies are bundles. Like you just mentioned, there's like,  that you are going to go there and want to subscribe and get everything that you need. I think traditionally, like you're right, media companies did provide that support. There's a lot of value in the opportunity to build your brand there, right? The legitimacy of having that brand, the access. I think something that's often not discussed enough is this idea of breaking news, right? Like when you think about the kind of life cycle of content right now, you have breaking news and then you have like curation commentary, then aggregation,  kind of holding companies. So it really is still a critical part of the life cycle for creators that is still attracted because you have that overhead, you have that reputation to build your brand. I've spoken to a lot of friends who have gotten furloughed or laid off right now in media because that is happening like more and more and more often. And I've asked them about starting up their own independent companies and they said, look, I would take health insurance over going independent any day, which of course is a preference. Everyone feels that way.  to do that, then the economics need to change. So to give you an example, right now, I forgot the name of the podcast, but there was a podcast created for BuzzFeed. And now the creators want to kind of renegotiate IP and license management and rights because it's their name on the podcast. And, you know, they kind of built the audience and built the brand under the BuzzFeed umbrella. But because of that, the economics are set up, it doesn't make sense, right?  And I want to be able to like own this, especially like whether I work here, whether I'm not, or whether I work here, whether I don't and so forth. So I think the biggest things that like media companies need to shed is this notion that like our biggest value is our umbrella brands. I think that's not the case. I think that's like tremendously valuable for creators to come there and want to work there. But the whole emphasis really needs to be on how do you make these creators job better? How do you give them more independent  25 years, right? If that's licensed or syndicated to Netflix and so forth. And those companies, I think you'll see really start to like make the biggest significant changes. And I think companies like in new media, like BuzzFeed and box do already think like that. I think traditional media is where it's going to become a bit more. Yeah. And so obviously a lot of this is, uh, you've got old kind of legacy media, not old in a negative connotation, just there, been around for a long time, right? And it's an advantage.  around this idea of creator independence, right? And when you think about what that like, like who that typical creator is, it's usually this idea of it's only works for a media company was built a big audience and is very critical for driving that media company's business. And now is going to branch out and create their own kind of company and business on their own. But there's also this flip thing happening right now, which I'm actually curious how you bucket yourself, honestly,  businesses have expertise there that are now entering the arena and saying, we're independent creators too. We're going to create on topics. And they're learning in parallel, which is like amazing, right? You have people with journalist backgrounds or creator backgrounds who have left these companies who are now jumping in and can easily create and understand that flow. But now they have to figure out how do I build a business? What do I charge? Who do I work with? How do I distribute? And then on the flip side, you have these entrepreneurs coming in or these business heads coming in basically saying, I know how to build a business.  to have any particular background. In fact, the weirder the background or the most unconventional, that step up, the more successful you will likely be because you'll have something to say. It'll be different. It'll be relatable to people who are also thinking in that scope. And there's so many things that kind of fall into that bucket as I dove into this idea of like, what does that typical creator look like in this new kind of Renaissance era and how do they enter the playing field? And there's all these different analogies that come about, like one of which is this idea of,  putting thoughts and content out there. And it's essentially like in an like in an analogy to the music industry, like if you are an artist, right, and you create a mixtape, you don't have to go into the studio, you don't have to be signed by a label, you don't have to do all these things. If you're talented, you just go. And as you go, you have an interesting path to really becoming like a celebrity, right? When you're a mixtape creator, or a newsletter creator, your audience is coming along for the ride. They're paying, they're essentially investing in you. Like I can't tell you how many sub stacks I subscribe to, that  have in like the old world, like five years ago, where you had a separate strategy for Facebook and YouTube or not separate strategy, but separate audiences for like Facebook, YouTube, sub stack, audio. Now you're like, how do I port that stuff over? Which again, I feel like I'm talking to someone who does this in real time. So hopefully it relates to you. But like everything that these newsletter writer, like, like everything you built on Twitter, you can now port over to a newsletter. You start to create that newsletter audience. You can now port that over elsewhere. And you're not just kind of a unique entity  It's basically limiting to none and it's hyper competitive and has opened up this notion of a free market where you're not just getting a salary to create for a brand. You essentially are getting the value attributed to you of the output of the work that you're actually doing. If you could build a business, you can make a ton of money. If you understand how to flex a maneuver, you can do this all on your own. You don't need that overhead. So the options are there and it's just kind of inverted the entire funnel of what this media economy looks like. Yeah. When I read the piece, the part that was moving  by the podcasting platforms, very similar to what we saw, let's say with server costs, right? There was an explosion of startups that happened because simply now you could spin up AWS rather than have to go buy a server and set it up. And so that to me is interesting because what you get is a blurring of the line, right? Is somebody who, you know, let's take away all of our investing activity, everything. If you just look at the things that I've done on the content side, is it that you're an entrepreneur or is it that you're a creator? And what's the difference?  But then there is a subset of people and the question is how big is that subset that want to go do this? And I think that's kind of what you're hitting at here is, are those people creators that were doing it already and now building a business or were they business people who now are seeing an opportunity and they're coming in and creating any kind of content? Yeah, yeah, no. I mean, it's so right on, right? I think I think everybody a lot of people are saying like, okay, when you go and become your own creator business, you go and create a sub stack, you go and create,  some of the earliest people in this space, especially in that sub-stack group and even newsletter creators like Webb Smith that have done it outside, they're here to stay. I think everyone who's kind of in at this moment has really figured out what they need to do in order to kind of support their own business, how to kind of manage certain times, how to focus on distribution and really be able to see what's next. But that also, on top of that, I think that's also  comfort and confidence, right? So if you know that right now it takes a particular creator who really understands not just how to build audience and create, but also manage a business, then how do you start to attract the millions and millions and millions of other people who would be willing to come over and do this if they weren't so nervous about health insurance, if they weren't so nervous about getting sued in libel, if they weren't so nervous about the fact that they don't have an editor or don't have a designer or don't have newsroom support. And what's incredible is  okay, how do we build things that help support that business, which kind of goes full circle to the emphasis of media companies at record labels. It's not really a choice. I think if they don't figure out how to structure their companies in order to focus on creators and build for creators to manage that sort of talent and delivery, then these companies are going to be built outside of them and things are just going to run, right? So it's kind of no longer a choice, but more so starting to kind of make that transition and make that approach. But one more thing that  Nobody likes like how bulky and kind of the cost structure and everything around that experience to the point where like Sean Parker and co built Napster to basically say, okay, we're going to build an experience that consumers actually want when it comes to listening to music. And what came out of that, right, via Spotify was that not only did people stop stealing music, but now they're paying for it, right? Because it's an experience they like, it's a relationship they like. There's a ton of arguments that could be thrown at me, which I get all the time at Twitter, which is like, is it better for the artist?  you wouldn't even go and see that content or you'd type the URL into Google and you'd circumvent it. You did not want to pay for content and you did not want to pay for content because you didn't believe content was valuable. You just didn't like that experience. Right. And what newsletters have done in a very weird way is really broker that one to one relationship again. Right. And there's a weird synergies. It's like I get say I get your newsletter in my inbox. There's nothing stopping me from forwarding your newsletter to 10 11. I mean there's tracking and stuff but there's ways to go about it.  users are fed up with that way of navigation content. Here comes newsletters or independent creators that are building a new relationship value exchange. And now all of a sudden people are like, oh yeah, content is valuable and I do like this. And media companies are starting to adjust the way that they operate in order to accommodate that UX. And it's kind of a similar sort of slope that I think is just really, really, really bad ass to pay attention to. And it feels like as this is occurring, the newsletter, you mentioned it earlier, right?  one authentic thing that we have. And it feels like that's the way we're trending. So there's gonna be more people who want more of that and whether that goes to other platforms, whether there's platforms built specifically for this, it's just the idea of like removing the middleman, right? And I wrote today about this idea of like within a media organization today, what we basically, or inside of an industry, what we basically have is we've got three types of content creators, right? You've got journalists, which actually practice like the  And my point was like, those three things are actually all valuable for different pieces. But what I wonder is that middle group, the bloggers, right, there's not as much downside risk for when they create content. So you've got, let's say, investors where they're actively putting money to work. And if they're wrong, the market goes against them and they lose money. So there's risk to kind of how you think about things and intellectual rigor that goes into this is you make because there's money on the line.  held to the journalistic standards. They also don't have skin in the game. And so it's just this constant regurgitating of my opinion, my opinion, my opinion. And what I am wondering is like, is that the ideal group to go in and leave and become these creators, right? And also the market participants, you get two of the three groups are the prime suspects to go leave, but the journalists end up staying because they actually are the ones that need the most infrastructure, right? They're the ones who need the editors, the fact checkers, the legal defense, all that kind of stuff. And maybe just talk through, you know, you can use those  So, news and opinion literally sit on different floors within the building. They have different editors. The way that the business is managed, the way that conversations aren't had between one another because news can't be influenced by opinion and opinion shouldn't be influenced by news. So they literally operate separately. However, the way the business models work is it essentially is the same, right? It's the same subscription unless you break them out, but across the entire media company, advertising is still across particular audience.  And it's been hundreds of years of trying to educate how these things operate and the nuances of it. But readers still don't understand. And it just causes a lot of conversations and differentiations when it comes to how it should exist and how it should exist further. You hit it on the head. I think opinion writers within media companies are the ones that are most likely to go independent. I think you've already seen it with Andrew Soll.  on the news side, right, it's very, it's very unbiased, it's indifferent, right, with how that's reported. A lot of people subscribe because of, you know, the opinion writers within within a news organization. In fact, a lot of them subscribe to particular writers, which is pretty, you know, well, sorry, they don't subscribe to particular writers, they subscribe because of particular writers, which is a huge bull case for a sub stack if they're betting, like banking on the fact that they could get a writer to leave and that will bring a massive amount of audience. I think like those assumptions are  oftentimes built a lot of their own reputation on the platform. So a lot of the opinion writers are kind of building their own kind of chorus on Twitter and on YouTube and so forth. And they kind of have that audit audience and move aside that third category that you mentioned market. What did you call them? Market participants. Yeah. Market participants, I think is like why I'm also so bullish on the creator economy, because it's essentially saying like, we're going to recognize new talent and bring that new talent up and build  There's a great up like it's currently set up in a great way for them to communicate directly with their audience to deliver content, right to put that in their inbox and you know have a direct conversation. They could reply directly to that writer. But what's that next iteration of connecting community to one another like I'm a member of X like I subscribe to X writer. I then want to engage with other people within that community the tools to do that aren't really there. And I think that that's going to start to surface that third bucket.  creators cultivated out of that community and out of those conversations, which nailed that third bucket, which I think is like right on in very early days. Yeah. And the part to me that is so fascinating is take the most extreme example. So take a Joe Rogan, right? Which it seems like everybody and their mom at some point has tried to cancel Joe Rogan and, you know, from the mainstream media. And frankly, some of it's because they got nothing better to do. Some of it's because he said things that they disagree with, you know, whatever the reasoning is.  I can reach X times five, right? And I can actually reach a bigger number of people. And that would, you know, traditionally lead to more revenue, but I do it all as an individual creator rather than trying to do it here under this brand. So maybe talk a little bit about like, what happens in a world where the individual creators are actually bigger than the media? Yeah, yeah. So this is like something that's really interesting. That kind of goes to what we were saying earlier, which is like media companies have always thought that they're competing with  my independent audience, right, as a writer, maybe that I build on Twitter, isn't necessarily associated with the umbrella brand because there's no incentive to do so, right? So the larger incentive right now, exactly to your point is, I'm getting so big that if I get so big, I should just branch out and build my own business because the economics for me to say aren't as, you know, great as the economics for me to leave. So one, like one thing to hit on, which you were saying, which I think is very true is media companies  people could hate for school they want and things that are coming out of there. But you look at how that business has diversified, you look about how they create talent, how they build individual brands out of their talent, how they think about license and IP and things that, you know, traditional organizations don't think about. They've diversified themselves way more, right, than any traditional company has, which is usually built off the idea of like subscriptions and advertising, right? So it's really this, this, this acknowledgement that independent creators  to kind of bring this back to some of the work happening at WAPO2 is that when we like about eight, nine years ago at the Washington Post, we really started to think about how we could expand our businesses beyond just like what's happening on the washingtonpost.com and operated. And what was a very obvious one, one being owned by Jetbasis, we had to figure out how we actually become a technology company because everyone expected us to become a technology company. But two, it was like, where can we actually expand? Right? And we're like, we're a media company, we create content, we're trusting,  is that you started to see a shift with these media companies because they were so financially lucrative and growing over the past two decades. They decided to bring everything in house. They're like, okay, we create content, but we're going to be a technology company. So we're going to build a content management system and have all this in house. What we've seen when we built Arc is now these media companies are like, we're not technology companies. We can't compete. It doesn't make sense. We're going to license it and we're going to focus on creating. Now with Zeus,  goes to like the final prediction, which is a media company eventually, whether you're one person or whether you're a 300 person newsroom is probably going to be a ratio of 99 to one, like 99 creator, right? Whether you're a 300 person creator room or one creator room and 1% software. You're not going to have your own sales team. You're not going to have your own engineering team. You're not going to have all these things that you now manage as fixed cost overhead. You're going to license that because it's not your identity, but that really accelerates  I think it focused on growing audience and leveraging the tools that are out there and being able to build on that. And we'll see them meet in the middle on like a very, very, very level playing field. And it feels also like all you're getting is you're getting the unbundling by getting all the creators out from the media organization, but then you're getting rebundling, right? Which is basically Joe Rogan has somebody who helps with ad sales. He has somebody who helps him with the production, right? On Substack, we're seeing bundling  renovate the business model and to actually build a new foundation. I think that if like it's always the case that business models drive product strategy, right? If you're not making money, then you're not going to do it. And if we go through a unbundling, rebundling and the models are still the same, which is where advertising against content, right? People are subscribing to bundle subscriptions and there's nothing else  We are entering a world where advertising is completely changing. Third party cookies are going away. It's all about context and content and like sub-stack is literally a breeding ground for that and could actually become like the next Facebook or FBX like what that was for the web. Sub-stack could kind of do that for this iteration of the web if they wanted to go that route. So really kind of testing and thinking through new models. I think bringing back old ideas like the idea of like the wire service I think is like something that we've lost which  in kind of our content creation business that doesn't really exist, right? Like you create content, it's out there and then it's kind of on the go, right? Maybe you license it once, but this idea of like long tail business benefits really don't exist, which I think could start to exist. So I think in order for us not to reinvent the wheel, which is why the art, I mean, again, I'm biased, I wrote the articles, but why they're so hot right now is because one, media companies are realizing that their traditional business models aren't working, that advertising's not working.  How do we not renovate these old business models or renovate this old house and actually build this new house, right? And build this new business models and really start to kind of focus on what can be done there. And like you're kind of seeing that, right? You're seeing that happen without revenue tied to it. Like I love the idea of type house. What type house tells me is that all of these writers are coming together because there's all of these services that they need and want to share and work on, which to me is a business, right? People should be focused on building those businesses. Health insurance, right? And and libel are so important.  is going in that right direction is kind of saying, how do we blow this shit up and figure out how to actually create something that's focused both on the creator and then that next iteration is going to be like the consumer, right? And we're in a very tight spot right now to figure that out. One thing you mentioned earlier, if we go deeper on this monetization theme is this idea of like licensing the content. And so for people that don't know today, somebody inside of a media organization creates content, they go ahead and it's published on that platform.  can still maybe have a royalty stream from the actual content. Yeah. Yeah. So, so there is, there is a ton of attribution to individual creators within these larger media companies or.