 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Bradley back for round two. What's going on, man? Thanks for doing this. Thanks so much for having me. Absolutely. So for the people who missed out and didn't watch our first episode together, maybe just give a quick kind of two minutes on your personal background and then what you guys are building at Unstoppable Domains. Sure. So I'm from Atlanta.  2013 and was going to sleep every night thinking about it, even though I was by day working on working on marketing software and eventually eventually went went all in full-time on crypto in 2018 started working on on some old domains So there's a lot of people who would say you had a front-row seat, you know 2013 all the way until 18 What kind of held you back from going full-time? Was it just what else you were working on was so attractive or were you  and we got to the sort of smart contract phase where people were starting to build pretty cool applications that were actually functioning in the world and were doing all kinds of things. That's when I could kind of get my head around, you know, how I could participate when it kind of moved maybe past this really hardcore protocol phase and more into the let's build some apps that people are gonna use phase that felt more like an area that I could contribute in. Got it. And so talk us through today  and GoDaddy can take that away from you. VeriSign, the creator of it, can also take it away from you. Amazon Web Services can turn off your websites. You've got all of these ways that the current internet gets to control what you're allowed to say and what you're not. The decentralized web is one where you control it. And so what we've built is a simple registrar, kind of like a GoDaddy on stopoldomains.com, where you can go and you can buy domains. We've also built our own domain registries,  is that unstoppabledomains.com is a hub for you to go and do everything you would want to do on the decentralized web. Got it. In terms of kind of how people access this, do they do that through like a Google Chrome browser? Do they need a decentralized kind of enabled browser? How does that work? Yeah, so you do need browser support because it's not part of traditional DNS. And so what's happening is that browsers in with the decentralized web browsers are kind of like the  that we were part of over the past few months, and so they're looking very closely at decentralized web. There's been kind of a turning point this year where browsers are taking it seriously. Browsers are looking at crypto wallets seriously as a method for security. So it's a pretty, there's a lot of these ideas that the crypto community has been talking about for years that are finally converging and finally going mainstream. So when people first hear this, and I've talked to a bunch of people, they hear the advertisements on the podcast,  There's more than 20,000 domains registered. There's more than 20,000 websites live. Some top websites are like Kyber.Crypto, Kyber Network Decks, there's Switchio.Crypto, there's MyEtherWallet.Crypto. I think we got some of your podcasts up on Pomp.Crypto. So there's a whole bunch of apps that are already up and out there, but there's also just a lot of people playing around. And I think the reason why this is gonna move faster even than the traditional internet did is first of all,  a lot of companies to take it seriously and start building. So if you're a dap, you don't actually have a fully decentralized application. If a company can like GoDaddy can just come in and take it down. You may have your smart contracts on the blockchain, but if no one can access it, how does that help you? So there's some real use cases right now. We also are seeing a bunch of bloggers. And if you think about blogging,  even two years ago when we talked to people about this, they're like, is internet censorship really a problem? Is the internet really that bad? It seems like everything's going pretty well. And that was more of an American perspective than it was a global perspective. But now I think even when we talk to people in America, they're like, yeah, man, the internet is in bad shape. 17-year-olds are getting control of Barack Obama's Twitter account and stuff like that. Man, we have a problem. And guess what would solve that problem?  unstoppable domains, which is a great name for the for the business, are able to be used for kind of the destination or the public address, if you will, for a website. But you also can use them for wallet addresses as well. And so maybe talk a little bit about how you can use, you know, POMP.Crypto or whatever for a wallet address. Yeah, think of think of them as like the the gateway to the decentralized web. So, you know, a blockchain domain can be used for your website, it can be  you're talking to the same person, when you message me to discuss it, you'll know you're talking to the same person. So you don't have to go back and forth across platforms. And that prevents all kinds of these phishing scams that we see. You know, I got to talk to you on Telegram over here. I got to send message to some email box over here. I can't tell if I'm talking to the same person. We can guarantee you're talking to the same person in this paradigm. But the way that it works on the money side is I've got brad.crypto. I attach all of my crypto addresses, my Bitcoin address, my Ethereum address, my Litecoin address, whatever I can attach up to, I think,  So Coinbase Wallet now supports sending money from using .crypto and .zil domains. And so the way this works is I can just go into the send field inside of any currency inside of Coinbase Wallet, type in brad.crypto and send money. And what's happening, I mean, it's so simple to the point where it's hard to imagine in 10 years, people are gonna be using addresses, just like no one uses IP addresses  that dynamic, it enables you to trust a human readable system instead of a not human readable system. And it may be that people will still use addresses like machine to machine, but maybe not even there. Like maybe it'll actually be a good idea to give every single smart contract a name too, just to have simplicity when you're writing code. So I don't see why the code  I don't have to remember, you know, a random sequence of numbers. I now can just know google.com, right? Or unstoppable domains.com. And so that is an inflection point in terms of internet adoption and usage. I'm assuming that you guys expect something similar here, but maybe just talk through, you know, once everyone is able to send cryptocurrency to a human readable domain, what's the impact and kind of how do you guys think about how this comes up?  you're getting with the decentralized web is everything's rolling up into this one thing. So the domain can do all of those things. And so what's going to happen is, is that you're going to have this identity, so to speak, that can do all of these different things. And so it's going to help all of these cases, because I know that when I'm sending money to brad.crypto, it's the same person whose website I'm looking at, it makes me more comfortable to send. So it is going to so the usage of decentralized  developer focused set of products where we have to learn, even non-technical folks have to learn all kinds of stuff about private keys and whatever into a user focused state where we can communicate to people, hey, here's your blockchain ID, essentially, you can go and use it for all of these things. So we're in early days of that shift, but the shift is now possible.  So I think that's where we're at, the beginning of being able to see what the future looks like. Yeah, and the part to me that's so interesting is similar to how you can put your website URL out in the world and you may send it directly so I could send you an exact URL and I want Brad to go and visit it or I could post it on my Twitter account and anyone who comes across and can click and do that, that kind of one-to-one and also one-to-many adoption of URLs  you probably reduce a lot of kind of fraud and all the craziness. And so it feels like this is just a net positive across many different facets of the crypto world. And getting Coinbase on board makes it, you know, not only the net positive, but it's like, you know, on steroids because you've got the largest US exchange supporting this now. Yeah. And I think that one to many is very astute. I think that is a very, that is a powerful, that is a powerful dynamic.  awesome cause pay here, nothing else. That alone is all the information that you need. So it's really, really, really concise. And I think that's going to be powerful. In terms of Coinbase, I mean, I think it's obviously it's super exciting for us. Coinbase is Pinnacle crypto brand. But I think what we're really seeing at this point is we're seeing ubiquity for blockchain domain names.  to use and needs to work in 90. So we're getting to that point. And in terms of if I go ahead, I've got a Coinbase account. I want to attach Pomp.Crypto. Can I send that to people and they can basically on Coinbase go ahead and just send me Bitcoin or whatever and they can do it from their Google Chrome browser or do they also need to be in a decentralized support decentralized web supported browser? They don't need a special browser for this, but you do need to be using  You can also store the domain inside of Coinbase Wallet. So they have a little collectible section. The domain shows up. You can see a list of them. And if you go to unstoppabledomains.com from within the DAP browser, you can manage your domain. So because your domain is sitting inside of your Coinbase Wallet, when you go into the DAP browser and you want to make an update, you can sign a message with the private key right there. So Coinbase Wallet is this like one-stop shop where you can do, it's essentially you've got access to a domain registrar where you can do all of your updates.  putting up either, if you're a DAP, you're gonna put up a front end, you're gonna put up your front end on IPFS. And so you can have everything kind of fully function. As long as you don't have a backend, it's extremely easy. So we're seeing a lot of those cases, DAPs. We're also seeing a lot of these kind of, I would say it's kind of like SMBs almost, people who are working on various types of crypto projects that are relatively small, not as professionalized as maybe an exchange or a wallet.  there's probably hundreds of wallets that are out there. Kind of you guys methodically walking down and getting each one of these walls to support unstoppable domains. Well, we want everybody to support it. And so we're talking to everybody. And if you have a wallet and we're not talking to you yet, please reach out. We'll make sure and find a way to work together that's exciting and beneficial for everybody.  and you're like, I hope I don't mess this up, right? You've got to check every single letter and number in an address. Yeah, and it's a stressful way to have to send money. And it really, it's not necessary. We can get feedback loops. So what the wallet is doing right now is when I type in the domain, the wallet is reading the blockchain and finding an address. But the wallet can go and confirm any number of  This is a temporary problem. For sure. And before we go on to talk about kind of the future, anyone who is watching, please go and try it out. It's awesome. I've got pop.crypto, but go to unstoppabledomains.com and you can go and get a URL there. Brad, let's talk a little bit about kind of what unfolds next, right? So we get to a world where every wallet is supporting or a majority of wallets are supporting these human readable domains  One is the crypto community. The crypto community absolutely needs a decentralized web. Like if you're a DeFi app, if you're a dap of any kind, like you have these points of failure, your domains are at risk. It happens all the time. There's been all kinds of crypto companies that have had issues with their domains or with hosting services or whatever. Another crazy thing is, is that some of them have jurisdiction issues where they don't actually want to be in control. You don't actually, you know, let's say you have a DAO or something. You don't actually want to put one individual in control.  And I would think about places like India and China, Russia, and actually most of the world actually, unfortunately lives in a place where the internet is not free. And so there's a strong need, whether it's blogging, whether it's e-commerce, whether it's, you know, kind of whatever you're trying to do online, it's hard to do. And you're getting restricted, you're getting taken down, you're getting blocked, you're having to ask permission from this or that government official for months and months. So the next wave after the crypto crisis,  Anybody's storage space anywhere in the world in a marketplace and it's going to be far more efficient and far more cheaper and far less risk of of takedown of DDoS of all of these issues that we have right now because you'll have your content distributed. So phase one crypto companies because they absolutely need it and they're also native to the tech phase two people that are getting censored.  the current web is going is not going to be able to compete. But that is that is going to be a longer term transition. I think we're on a we're on a 20 year ride here. And I think we're in the crypto phase right now, which could last even for the next, you know, we can be on we can be in the crypto phase even for the next three to five years. But the nice thing is, the crypto community is actually quite big. I mean, I'm sure you feel this sometimes, you know, if you if you go out and you start talking to to normies, and you want to start talking about what's been going on, and you realize, oh, wow, I have to like,  where the, that's where the most growth is going to be in the short term. So long answer, it will replace the current internet. You will be able, you will get to a place where the New York Times is decentralized too, but not anytime soon. Yeah. And then what about mobile applications? So we've talked a lot about kind of more web type applications. When you think of decentralized web, a great example would be like the TikTok controversy right now. Should it be banned? Should it not?  And so a future decentralized TikTok would have your videos, your profile data, your likes, all that sort of stuff sitting on IPFS or another decentralized storage network controlled by you. When you go and open up decentralized TikTok, you'll sign a message with your private key and you'll give that application some permissions to do something with that data, but you'll control it. So if you say something that decentralized TikTok doesn't like,  influencers is that's the place where they are on the internet. Those videos oftentimes aren't anywhere else. So you go and take that down, that's their database of their content. And now it's just gone and accessible. In the future, it's not gonna happen like that. You're gonna control your data. YouTube gets permission to show it to their users. And if you don't like what YouTube is doing, you go to YouTube number two, or maybe YouTube number 45, because that's really just a UI.  talk to us about kind of what you guys have had to do technically to make this viable for Coinbase and what is your pitch to individuals who have a Coinbase wallet in terms of why they should be using an unstoppable domain rather than the traditional wallet address? Yeah, I mean in terms of the actual wallets, we're trying to make it super easy. So we've got integration tools, we've got libraries and things like that. It's pretty lightweight for wallets. So it's really just a, you know, it's really just a  and make sure that it's right. And maybe you'll make a mistake and lose your money. And so if you are sending to a domain, you don't have that problem. You can just use your eyes and check the word and make sure that the word is right. And then you're fine. So I think that's the value proposition is this is the way to safely and easily send each other crypto. For sure.  I don't need a tip. I don't. But I'm just giving you a short domain name to check out. That's the easiest mental, that's the easiest way to take the mental leap. If you just see it, you'll be like, yeah, that feels kind of like Venmo. That feels much more like how I think payments should work, much more so than copy and paste some random address from one wallet and then put it into, and then go and take it into another wallet and then double check and triple check and  recorded an episode before and I was really, really intrigued about what they're doing. To me, this is a no brainer, right? It's something that does kind of three things. One is it heavily incentivizes people to move into the decentralized web. Two is it makes it super easy. Like you don't have to be a genius. You don't have to have memorized these long strings of numbers and letters anymore. You now can use these human readable URLs. And then the most interesting part to me is integrating these human readable URLs with existing products.  to get the URL of your choice. There's only one of them. So go ahead on over to unstoppable domains and grab your domain. Brad, any last closing words here for people as we hopefully have shed some light on this momentous occasion for you guys and for Coinbase? I mean, we're obviously super excited, but I would just say the decentralized web is actually happening this year. 2020 is the first year where we can say that with any kind of confidence.  Thank you.