 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a special treat today. Mr. Caleb Presley is here. For those of you that do not know Caleb, he is a electric content creator is how I would describe him. Thanks so much for doing this, man. No problem. I'm excited. I told you I'm a big fan of yours. Huge fan. So Caleb, you grew up in North Carolina or just  Because my dad went to Duke. And so we had a little bit of Duke affiliations as I was growing up as well. But was he mad when you decided to go to Carolina? No, he wasn't mad. But I'll tell you this. He put a sticker on his car whenever I went to Carolina to play football. And then the day I graduated, he took a sticker off. Carolina target. It was right off. It wasn't, yeah, he wasn't feeling it. So anyway, it was a great experience, man. I was there for  the staff took, you know, his staff was there my freshman year, but then after that, they got fired too. So, then I kind of, you know, I don't know how, what your listeners are into football or not, but I went in basically butch Davis is a pro style offense, which is a different type of quarterback. That's a different type of offense for a quarterback. And then we got a new spread style offense after that, which wasn't good for me.  football, Almanac, it's actually the longest two yard run in the history of the game. It was almost three yards. Yeah, no, it was, uh, we were beaten to think Idaho by, I think it was 70 to 20. And then the coach put me in, I think it was time to take the starters out eventually. And, and they, we were running a zone. So like, I'll do another inside football thing, but we're running a run play basically his own read.  And finally I would get in. So I was like I'm pulling the ball. So I basically made up my own play and almost made it three yards. I love that. I joke all the time. I played football at Bucknell University and in high school our team was horrible. Like I think we literally went one in 10 for two years straight when I was a freshman and sophomore. And so by the time I got to be a senior we basically like look man we're either going to have fun out here or we're going to lose all the time.  All right, and then tell us about this letter that you wrote to the coaches. What is that? You have to remind me maybe dude. So somebody said that you wrote a letter to the coaches that had like some ridiculous all-time quotes in it, but it's no longer available anywhere on the internet. So this is what they're probably talking about. So I used to have when I was at Carolina and this is kind of how I got started at Barstool and or at least it was the origins of it was I had  just hilarious website. So I was inspired by him. So I started my own website where I was doing blogs. I was trying to imitate them basically. It was a copycat. And I was doing a couple of videos and it was all just to make people laugh. And for my friends, really my family, people who were following me back home in Asheville. And then of course, there's some Carolina fans who are deep enough in like the message boards and stuff where they find out about it. And so I wrote a lot of stuff on that site, which it hasn't been necessary  open letters to the coaches, like demanding more playing time. I think I wrote one about like how third, I think I wrote one about thirst. This is about like basically how like, horny you guys get during the summer, during college. Like, yeah, I wrote a lot of things and I'm not even sure how well they would be remembered. That's what I'm saying. So let's just, I might just let the sleeping dog lie. All right. That's fair. They might be remembered well. I don't know. I would actually be interested to see. I would love to see players today using social media or blogs,  can all these pretty material demands, what's your take on it? I think power to the player and I think that that's the way it's trending. That's the way it's gonna be whether the NCAA is gonna be with it or not or these conferences are gonna, of course, they're gonna meet it with resistance. And I don't know, I'm not super informed on the exact details of what Pac-12 guys are asking for, but it is gonna be the way of power to the player and not just necessarily  that no behind the scenes footage that wasn't part of the HBO show or anything. It was just an intimate call that he had with John Gruden. And he put it out for the world to see and John Gruden I don't think knew about or maybe he cleared it with him after. But I remember watching that and being like, one, this is so interesting, it's captivating because you're seeing these people that you really care about operate basically behind closed doors. But what's stopping anyone from doing this, not necessarily  LeBron James in the back of the bus listening to music. It's like, that's so easy for athletes of any level to capture and release and people are going to be so interested in that content. And it's something that we've really never seen, which is behind the scenes without these big hulking cameras, which change behaviors. I do content for, you know, for work. And a lot of the stuff we've done in the past has been like, you know, getting reactions out of people or talking to people on the street or, or even like,  or to have a blog might even be outdated in terms of writing for players. I don't know. You have to have some good writers, I guess. Have you seen Mateus? I think it's how you pronounce his name from the 76ers. He's been doing the same thing. And he started on YouTube maybe two, three weeks ago. He's already got almost a million subscribers each video that he's released. He's done like six or seven of them now. He's gotten a million views on each one, I think now. No, I haven't seen him. That's exactly what I'm talking about. I don't see what's stopping these guys  or when they start asking for basically just to be treated fairly and be compensated fairly, then you start being like, hey, this guy's right. I see what he's saying. He's totally right. And right now what the NCAA has done a really effective job doing, whether it's intentional or unintentional is, and I think it's intentional. And it's also these college programs is shushing the players, hushing the players where they're the only ones getting to put their viewpoints and their perspective out.  in 20 years and then they all released it at once, but it was very cut up. It was approved by Michael. It was kind of ESPN's version of that history. I think what you're talking about is getting access to that information almost in real time. And pro players are interesting. I completely agree it's gonna happen at the college level, but you can almost go a step further. And what stops a player from after a game videoing, let's say the athletic training room, right? And like, look at how much pain some of these players are in after the game.  I think is exactly what I'm saying to and trust me these coaches know and athletic directors know and the people who are It's in their interest to make sure that it doesn't happen They know how much power is in the players hands and it's really kind of you know, a lot of I know Coaches, I remember dabble Sweeney a couple years ago was like no Twitter during the season That's not so Listen, that's not so the players are focused. I mean he wants them to be focused the reason there's no Twitter during the season is he doesn't want anything getting  other you know, it was just well known as like hey you if you're gonna be doing this and you're gonna be posting you have a Responsibility not just to yeah, you can try to make people laugh and try to be you know, you know funny guy on the side whatever but also this is very serious and you need to be careful what you're posting and There's a lot of power there and I think the players are starting to come around to that yeah, and in the park to me that's so interesting about the pack 12 thing is there's multiple teams  to now literally the public pressure being like, why aren't you paying these kids? Right. And, you know, if you go back to what was it, uh, the Ohio state guys who like sold their cleats or something, right? And they were getting in trouble for it. And it was like, look, their argument basically was, um, or, or, you know, actually I think I had the best argument was, um, Arian Foster, right? I think he went to Tennessee if I remember correctly. And when he was in the NFL, he came out and he said, uh, I went into the stadium. I had like, you know, record day or whatever.  Right. You don't want to air out your coaches like that's you know, that's a violation. The coach now I do that. So, you know, like when I was at Carolina, it was coach fedora and those guys. I got I like the coaches. I'm not trying to do anything that's going to affect them negatively. That's their job. They have families there that they put in a lot of time. Most of them really care about the players. So, you know, you don't want to get other people in trouble just because you're trying to, you know, expose a flaw in the system. And that's, you know, that goes for more  I've got an idea to actually getting something approved and published. So this is what I think is interesting about Barstool for people who don't know is that Barstool was founded by Dave Portnoy who has now become he's pretty much like a national celebrity. I mean pretty much everyone knows him whether you whatever you feel about him he's known. So he started this company and he basically just started it as he wanted it to be for the common man by the common man about sports.  a valuable contribution to Barcel Sports. And what I want from you is I want you to go out and I want you to create content and I want you to publish content. And whether it's writing or it's a blog or now a podcast or TikTok or I guess we might be moving to Triller it sounds like or whatever. You know, I want you to go do your thing. And then also Dave's running a company, but he's not like, you know, CEO guy all the time. He's, as you can see,  after I came to him, of course, you know, every once in a while he'll have an idea for me. Or if there's something like it's a really expensive travel, I'll run it, you know, hey Dave, is this okay? And, but with that being said, he's never said no. In my entire career at Barstool, which is, you know, five years now, he's never said no. He's like the best boss. And I think it's the only way Barstool works how it does, is that it's, it's complete creative freedom. And it's like everyone's their own boss. And we have their, this little world where  I don't understand where is the company line on Barstool? What is the main point they're trying to get across? And the fact of the matter is there is no editorial point. It's just a bunch of different people who are all doing their own thing with basically no oversight. And that's why it's kind of Wild Wild West. There's no oversight. But that's what makes it fun, right? That's what makes it fun. Yeah. What do you feel like in terms of that  We've done, you know, we've done like the porn convention and we've done, we've shot out and, and, uh, the bunny ranch, what was that for, uh, out there in, in Las Vegas, where there's prostitution is legal stuff like that, which is kind of more like sultry, uh, stuff, but also just how we involved with sports. And, and we get in there and we do stuff that's not, I mean, I went to Missouri last year and one of the things we did is like, I covered like my, uh, my hydration tests, my P test. And so like, just showing yourself,  from life, right? And I think that you guys are obviously doing a great job of that. How do you personally come up with these ideas like peeing in a cup, sending your poop somewhere, going to the porn convention, you know, I probably should like do more context on peeing in a cup and seeing my poop because that just sounds without context. That sounds wild. But what so dude, it's so it really is like, I kind of think of myself and I don't know if this is a right or wrong, but I kind of  the fact that he's kind of like stays out of the way and he is very supportive, but he's not telling me what to do. And as a creative person and as a just a creative for my profession, that's, I think it's the only way it would work. And so I'm loyal to him and definitely to the brand because that's what's given me the opportunities. But I kind of feel like my own boss in the sense of I wake up every day and I make my own schedule for the most part. I had to do radio every day. But besides that, I decide what I'm going to do.  you just talk about what am I gonna, you know, what are you gonna work on and what I'm gonna do or how do these videos come to light? A lot of them are just like, you know, they just fit in with what I'm trying to at the moment, like my almost sounds corny. It's not really how I think that, but like a business initiative, like what am I trying to do right now? And then it's like, okay, what is the content that aligns with that? Yeah, makes sense. How has that changed in terms of quarantine? Obviously, people were just sitting at home. How did that,  getting out of here. And so I rented a car for a week in advance. I was like, if this everything keeps progressing at the rate it's progressing, a week from now, I'm gonna be wanting to get out of here. And I'm worried all the cars are gonna get rented up. So I rented a car for a week in advance. And sure enough, a week later, they didn't shut down the bridges and tunnels, but it was getting getting worse. And so I just took that car and I drove to North Carolina. And then I got to North Carolina and all my neighbors saw me and they're like, so my parents get in there like, wait, don't you live in New York City?  We're actually in Chapel Hill. And every time in my whole life people ask me if I want to play golf, I always say, I never played before and I don't want to hold you guys up. You know what I'm saying? Like I don't want to go out there and then it's my first time. You guys know how to play. I'm spraying balls everywhere. I don't know the rules. And then all of a sudden your whole golf experience is about helping me learn how to play. So every time I've been asking my whole life, I've been like, thanks, but no thanks. I don't want to ruin your time.  It's just a beautiful game. It's mental. I mean, I was like, oh, this is my calling in life. And I'm 27, but I just figured out that this is actually what I'm supposed to do with my life is be a golfer. And so on that day, that very day, my first time ever playing, and it wasn't good. I wasn't like, oh, you're a natural, nothing like that. I just fell in love with it. And I said, my calling in life is to be on the golf course every day.  months ago. And since then, that's what I've been working on almost exclusively is to go to the PGA Tour. So when you're in North Carolina, it's much easier. There's golf courses everywhere. And you can just get your car drive there. In New York City, there's not exactly a lot of golf courses everywhere. So how do you continue that journey to the PGA Tour in New York City? Well, dude, I kept getting hurt at the beginning. So... How do you get hurt playing? You got to explain for those that don't know, how do you get hurt playing? I don't know. I mean, that's what  stability in your core, a lot of hips. And if you don't have those muscles ready, you'll find out you'll get pretty sore and you might even get hurt. But here's the real issue. Once I decided to go pro and people listening to this are like, is he serious? Does he really think he can go pro? He can't go pro. The answer is yeah, I am being serious. So whenever I, and now we can talk more about why I'm serious if you want, but  playing way too much. My body was not even close to being ready and I just hit the accelerator too fast. And so then I really did. I ended up pulling a muscle in my back. I had some really bad tendonitis in my knees. And then to top it all off, dude, one night I came home from one of these golf trips and my mom, cause I was staying at my parents' house for coronavirus, she made my, she like changed the sheets while I was out.  Like you ever been to a hotel and the sheets are super tight at the bottom of the bed Yeah, you're doing like you're like fighting with the sheets to get them untucked It was I don't know if it was too long the sheet was too long It was almost like she tucked it all the way in from the bottom of the bed and then all the way back all the way to the top I couldn't get these things out. So eventually I just went to sleep and my toes were cranked back literally like this they were cranked under the sheets and  No one's going to be able to say that. It's going to be a modern miracle if I can even have a swing a golf club in over a month. So what are you going to do in New York? So I'm back here now. Um, and I have a plan to, there's, there's a course, a nine hole course in New Jersey. It's like 25 minutes from me that I've worked it out with them that they're going to let me come out there. And my, my plan is every day I'm gonna go out in the morning. I'm gonna play mine, you know, nine, 18,  It's a very expensive place. So I can't personally front the bill. So they're letting me get in kind of, you know, just out of good faith, I guess. And they're just being nice guys. So they're letting me go there for free. But when you make it to the PGA tour, they're gonna say, yeah, they're gonna say, hey, we raised it. So they said, I said, hey, man, so part of my like, you know, I told you, I'll make my own boss whatever. You know, part of my thing with  and they have locker rooms and everything. So it's like a full indoor golf place. It's honestly not ideal for someone who's trying to go pro because you really want to be out on the course. And, but for New York city, it's the best possible way to continue to be good at golf, especially during the winter, which you know is I'm not going to be outside here. So eight hours a day, I could think I could put into golf. All right. So there's a lot of people who watch this and say, uh, Caleb is always joking around, but I think,  It was like this idea is like, I should go pro. I should like do this with my life. And then all of a sudden, like all these mechanisms inside me and my brain starts churning and then everything was like, it just made sense. It was like a gut feeling. It was a literal gut feeling. And then, you know, I'm thinking about it and all of a sudden the ideas start flowing. You know, if you ever had a real, you know, an idea and then all of a sudden you might be driving the car and you have an idea, whether it's about your work or whatever. And then all of a sudden that idea and you're like, Oh my God,  in theory like nature, but then when I'm actually like back in North Carolina, we go like hiking and stuff. I'm like, just say like, there's like too many bugs out here, you know? So golf is like the perfect balance of nature for me. You get off your phone, which is a big thing for me, because I'm always on my phone for work. So to be able to get off the phone. So just lifestyle wise, it worked for me. And then I was like, I can do this for my work. Like, I'm a, I'm a content creator. There's a, there's a lot of golf space to be able  They're relatively still young, especially ones who are going for their dreams and doing stuff. It seems, 27, thinking about being 50 seems so far off. But then I know these 50-year-olds who are totally young and totally going for it and in good shape, I'm like, what do I want to do at 47? Do I still want to be going to college campuses? I mean, these videos are good, but I am going to get aged out of some of it. Isn't it good?  attention on, I get better at. And what I focus on is improves. But, you know, I've also put my attention and focus on things that I'm not inherently good at or I'm not naturally great at. And so then I watch those things go from bad to average, and I'm not really seeing a huge value add to my life. One thing that I don't think I'm that good at that I do every day is radio. I do it every day. And I wouldn't do it, but I like the guy so much on the show that I deal with. It's like big  I don't wanna say bigger ideas, but like, you know, something that might take a little bit more time or like a video idea that's kinda more like convoluted and has more layers to it. That's what I'm good at. So anyways, long-winded way of saying, I do that just because I love the guys and they're part of my, and they're just like my friends. But anything else that I do and I'm putting my attention on, I'm really trying to make sure that I'm, I have a chance of being like the best at it or like one of the best at it. And that goes for videos  athletic enough to be elite player, but, you know, I'm not super athletic. And then the mental side though, I think I could really thrive. And I think I could really thrive in the hardworking side, which I know I'm a hard worker. So anyways, it aligns for me with what I'm inherently good at. And I want to start doing things that are a sustainable one, but also too, that I can, if I do put my attention and my focus on it, then I can really become really good at it. You know what I'm saying?  I mean, I sidelined for two months of that 12 months with injuries. So maybe that's going to be hard. It was going to be hard to begin with, but I said, if I can't get to scratch in one year, I mean, this is a far off goal. I'm not an idiot. I know what it is. To be in the PGA, that's tough. So if I can't show some type of inherent ability to play and hard work that it takes and skill level to get to scratch in a year, which is almost impossible, but you got to remember I'm playing a lot,  from there to go be on the PGA Tour. That puts me at a PGA player at 37 years old, which is possible. There are plenty of 37 and up players on the PGA Tour. So what's the best score you shot so far? 121. Okay, so 121 is the best and now we gotta go through- That's the only time I've ever kept score. Oh, okay. All right. All right. That's fair. Look, hey- Keep in mind, I'm new, dude. I've only kept score because I'm so bad that when I go out and play, I'm not keeping score because it hurts my morale.  the ball in. But the only difference or the only caveat to that is when you tee off, you've got to finish a beer before you put the ball in. So every hole is one beer and it's timed rather than strokes. Yeah. Absolute madness by about like, you know, hole six or seven. We used to go to like, you know, one of these like executive par three courses that's like, you know, nine holes or whatever. Complete madness by the time you get about halfway through. Yeah, dude. The golfing is also like, it's an easy  and we're walking back off the course and we're like, dude, we really want to play again. Found some random dudes that we had never met. Like you guys want to, if I can get us a tee time, because Pinehurst was like helping us out. It was like, you guys would play with us? Played 36 on Friday. The next day I played 45 on Saturday. And the point here is at the 45 holes, you can imagine the drinking, it gets intense. And then, and I think we played whatever the remainder is. We played 97 holes for the whole weekend. And dude,  What were those conversations like Marty like as well? Well, first of all, you're the first person to ever say, tell me what you think about Bitcoin because I'm used to people saying, Caleb, shut up about Bitcoin. Caleb, shut up. We don't care. We get it. We know. So Marty was hired at Barstool. We call him, I know him as Bitcoin Marty. You know him as Marcus Dent. I know him as Bitcoin Marty. Bitcoin Marty got hired at Barstool literally as,  I'm like, all right, I'll throw a few bucks at it. Cool. Well, then it was what, 2017 in the fall? And so I throw like, whatever, a hundred bucks at Bitcoin. All of a sudden, a hundred bucks is, you know, 150 bucks pretty quick, like within a couple, like a week or something. It was like right when it was going off. So I was like, oh, this is the best thing I've ever done. I'm like, oh, this is the best thing I've ever done. I'm like, oh, this is the best thing I've ever done. I'm like, oh, this is the best thing I've ever done.  a couple days it was slowing down. And I wasn't getting that hit. I was like, the hit of adrenaline when it was going up, I was like, watching coinmarketcap.com and all of a sudden I'm seeing Bitcoin plus 0.04 growth. And then I'm seeing all these other coins go 32%, 25%, whatever. And I asked Marty, I say, Bitcoin Marty, what's it do with these other coins? Why are they going up so much? Are they gonna be the big ones?  some value because it's of its secret nature and it's still, whatever. He's like, but I wouldn't even, he's like, if you wanna put some money in that, okay, if you wanna diversify, but he's like, I'm telling you, man, these altcoins ain't where it's at. So he says, all right, Bitcoin, Marty. I said, you've got me far enough. I'm done taking your advice. You got me into Bitcoin. I've used you and your brain. Caleb's brain's taking over now. So I put all the money that was in Bitcoin,  I was in some, I was like Qcash, something that was in China and it was like, you had to download their service, things called like Liquid. It has since like went out of business and they like, they sent an email like, if you had money here, sorry, you can no longer access it. Anyways, but all you need to know is that I've moved my money over here, Bitcoin tanks, obviously the altcoins tank even worse, I lost everything.  I can't remember what it was at the time. I want to say it was like 4,000 or something low. And so, and Bitcoin Marty, you know, he's popular at Barstool whenever Bitcoin is going up, because I think Dave had bought some, Big Cat bought some, but then Bitcoin crashes, you know, I don't think anyone's going to say it to his face, but you know, you kind of have a little bit of like, you know, this guy got everyone on Bitcoin, we all lost all our money. And anyway, he ended up leaving.  thing about it. His thoughts hadn't changed. But then he's really talking to me about some of the deeper issues with Bitcoin and some of the, what he believes is our, you know, some of the progress is like society could make from adopting Bitcoin. And he gave me some kind of materials I could look at and look more into. And for the first time ever, he told me about kind of the stages of currency that  And then I'm really thinking more about it. And I don't have, and I know your show, and this is why I'm a fan of your show, is you have experts come on and they have so much extensive knowledge of what's happening. That's not me. But I do think I have a little bit of knowledge about, or at least I have a feel, it's more of a feel thing, of what's popular and trends and things that have legs with what's coming up. Whether it's like, we got on TikTok really early,