 What's going on?  Um, not a, not a, a huge operation. I've been to weddings that are like, you know, 400 people and you're just like, are you, are you doing this for yourself? Are you doing this for the 400 people who are here? Yeah, I think they're usually doing it for the girl they're marrying. That's a, that's a whole nother thing. Right. Yeah. Here's your marriage before, right? Yeah. For three months. How did you do the wedding? We had a, we had a big wedding in London. Well, not huge, like 80 people.  Last night, we're recording this on Sunday. I think we're gonna release in a couple of days, but last night Bitcoin just absolutely ripping people's faces off and then dumping. Yeah, well, I thought it would at 12. I didn't know. I've kind of stopped that whole playing the kind of market thing and trying to tell tops and bottoms. My Bitcoin investment strategy right now is accumulate hold. And I've said I wasn't gonna sell any for, unless I had to, I did, but I wasn't gonna sell any for three halvings.  And that means like I've got more than I had. I can't have less. I'm not going to lose any. And therefore, let's see where we are in 10 years. So like, even though it did dump, I'm cool with that. What about you? I'm the exact same way. I only accumulate. I've been saying for a long time, it's just a game of accumulation. It's a fixed supply asset. How do you think about like, not necessarily portfolio construction, but just like when you're buying Bitcoin, do you, are you obsessive about like, hey, every two weeks on this day at this time,  convert 75% to cash to run my business, pay my team, and then keep 25% of Bitcoin. And that's why I was able to accumulate some. Then about a week and a half ago when Bitcoin was like nine three, one of my clients paid their bill and it was a quarterly bill and paid in Bitcoin. And I was like, you know what? I'm going to leave this time for a couple of weeks. I'm going to see what happens. And then obviously we shot up now. So strangely, I'm not like thinking, Oh, I'm going to sell that 75% now because I'm in profit on  have you seen this poker game? No, what is it? It's a crisp organize. It's like a bunch of Bitcoin is playing poker like Charlie Lee's there. Who else comes up with his brother Bobby's there sometimes. Luke Martin's there. So we play every Thursday we play and I think I've heard like three Bitcoin. What are the buy ins? It's like point three Bitcoin like this. It's point one, but you need to have point three. It's a point one sit down. Yeah. And then you can you can you can rebuy. So everyone says to have  daily metrics, we're gonna have some people watch like RSI and kind of all that stuff. So I don't know kind of what all that was showing, but we definitely went up very quickly from 9, 9, 500 to 12,000. But I mean, look, it's one of these things where there's only so many assets in the world that go up 20, 30% in a week, literally dump $1,500 in seconds and then recover $700 in a minute later. Like Bitcoin is Bitcoin.  What did you get out of it? So obviously, when I agreed to do this, and Roger agreed to do this, it's not a secret to him or I that it would be heavily scrutinized, right? And because of that, I took it overly serious, right? More serious than I normally take things when I do these types of interviews. And I reached out to some people. I got some ideas and things.  of all to Roger's credit, like I asked him a lot of questions I think people want answers to and he didn't not answer them really, he answered the questions. And so things like his portfolio construction, his thought process behind why he did certain things, what it would take for him to come back to Bitcoin and kind of identify or admit that Bitcoin Cash didn't work and things that it's very hard to have a conversation with  my biggest takeaways were one, you can't deny what Roger did in the early days of Bitcoin, right? And for Bitcoin to, he has a very rational thought process behind a number of decisions he made. What I do think, and I said it to him is we just have a difference of opinion as to whether that was a good thought process and decision making or not. And the part that again, you got to give him credit for is like at the end, we kind of wrapped it up and said, all right, there's two views on this.  in that before and he said he'd probably go off and do something else. I'm not sure he will. I'm not sure. But you know, I have, let me go back a step. There's always nuance to some of this stuff, right? Yes. Especially when you're doing an interview, and I know what you mean about the combative stuff. When I did the Brian Armstrong interview, I knew there were a group of people who wouldn't like it and they made the decision to dislike it before it happened. And the reason I knew that is like there was some really good progress in that interview. Yet what they did is  But that does that all the time. Bitcoin does that all the time to a bunch of different people, right? And you just have to accept that and he couldn't accept that. But he was so sold on this idea that Bitcoin is kind of cash, cheap, fast payments, and it just became something else, something possibly far more valuable. Now, some people always say that I think it's disingenuous. If you look at the Bitcoin white paper, if you're going to scream about how great Satoshi is and this gift he gave to the world, I think you have to be honest and look at the white paper. He talked about online commerce. He talked about cash.  interview and I talked to him beforehand before he even did the interview. And I think both of us, because we knew it would be so heavily scrutinized and all this stuff, like we both kind of just wanted to feel it out of like, are we both going to be respectful here? You know, kind of where do our differences lie? And really just make sure that it would be frankly worth our time to record it and also too for the audience to listen. And I think the piece that was very clear was it's kind of like when you're a kid and let's say you've got a sibling.  going to be overly defensive. Of course, they're going to be a little bit more aggressive back. But if instead you just say, look, I just want to go through all of all of this and I actually want you to walk away from this saying I was able to put my thoughts and ideas on the record and also be able to hear the other side. And so a couple of times during the interview, I literally asked him, I said, hey, OK, you just described what you believe and you just described, you know, for the let's say the block dispute. You just described  That's kind of where I think people who listen to it, they're like, wait a second, this is a conversation that Roger hasn't had before of just, he's showing that he understands there's two sides to this argument. He's betting on one side, there's people betting on the other side, and the market's gonna decide. And so far, the market has leaned not in Roger's favor. But I think the other piece that people have to walk away from this, and he talks about it, but doesn't quantify it, is he says he's a bad trader. And so if you kind of back out of that, he lost a lot of money doing that.  disagree with or not like. And in Roger's case, I think that there's a lot of people who are trying to put a binary good or bad label on. But if you look at it from the historical context, there's a lot of people who wouldn't be here without Roger's work in Bitcoin. And then on the same side, there's a lot of things that I asked him about specifically like using Bitcoin.com, but people buying Bitcoin cash. And he described his thought process as to what they're doing or the  I'm not like the type of person who's just going to sit there and just be like, hey, to you, fuck you. I want everything to go to shit for you. Yeah. So I understand why some people have, they've got, you know, real PTSD around what happened with a secret to X, you know, there's a real fear of a takeover of Bitcoin and, and, and, you know, Rogers involvement in, in certain things around that period of time. But I just wonder how it'll play out for him because I don't think Bitcoin cash has much of a future. I think it has a future of something that can be traded, but you know,  too much of a moron to use bitcoin in a private way but I don't really use other cryptocurrencies and I wonder if people are using perhaps bitcoin cash a bit out of a desire to keep it going right give it some kind of energy but ultimately I just can't I think it's do you know let me add another thing in there pomp as well I just did um a guest on a show today they want to do a bitcoin segment and they said try to explain bitcoin and I you know I did the whole it's just like gold but digital if I'd have been trying to explain it as a way of doing  of that and frankly it's something the market's going to decide so you know it is what it is. The part that I think people have to remember is one of the mistakes that many investors or you know market participants will make is they look at something as a snapshot today right and so you know this is the Paul Krugman the internet will be never be more important than the fax machine type stuff right this is looking at you know bitcoin  when you kind of say, hey, look, that's not the right conversation. Instead, it is the structural components. There is nothing more powerful, valuable, and exciting, in my opinion, than that structural component of Bitcoin. And it really just comes down to three things, right? One is it has a fixed supply, which, as we talked about the money printing. Two is it's fully decentralized. So the decentralization is actually the,  go all through history, you can go through all these different things, but money specifically is a belief system. It is a network effect business, right? And it's very viral in the sense of you send it to people and kind of do all this stuff. And because of that, I think that Bitcoin actually has a much bigger advantage than people realize. Nothing to do with the technology. It is simply the market adoption, right? And that's frankly one of the things that Roger and I kind of came to an agreement in terms of where our difference of  I don't think that, and I didn't approach it as like, let me try to convince you. Like we were pretty clear during it in terms of, I didn't want to get into some argument or even really debate. It was more of just like, let's outline, quote unquote, the facts. And there were people who scoff at the idea of facts, right? But just like, what do you believe? What do other people believe? Why? Here is the kind of different options somebody has. And why do you believe you're right? And why do you believe,  that people who are seen as either controversial or, you know, just there's a lot of backlash, right, and kind of negative feedback, they just want to be hurt, right? And I think that in many cases, Roger, when he's been asked to do interviews or whatever, because of the environment in which the interview gets done, it's just turns into this argument and kind of is very unproductive and he's actually not able to articulate why.  the point of this stuff. And also it's the difference between what is an interview and a debate. There are two entirely different things. Some people want a debate, but they don't understand an interview is about constructing a series of questions to take you through almost like a timeline of a discussion. And it's, it's constructed very differently from a debate, but the ones who didn't like it made that decision because you did the interview. So that, that was my whole point upfront was there was a bunch of people when I said the day before I was going to do it,  I'm just a camp please everybody and move on, right?  to challenge, to critique, is to do a bunch of things, right? And sometimes you almost want to get on what is considered, I'm gonna say quote, the villain, because the villain sometimes offer a different perspective. Again, it goes back to some of my favorite questions to ask people are, what would it take to change your mind on X, right? So you just articulated why you believe X, what would it take to change your mind? And it literally comes down to, do they understand the opposite argument? And so I think you're right.  understanding the counter argument and I think that's a crucial crucial part of really making any kind of analysis argument. Yeah I mean and also you just doesn't matter what medium you're following content on it can be YouTube, it can be the news on TV, it can be the radio. The journalists out there aren't just interviewing the good guys sometimes they're interviewing the villains, the bad guys, the enemies. I think a lot of people would like to hear an interview right now with  What's been different for you? Yeah, good question. So they dropped it first. I had a big drop at the, I think it was like, yeah, I can tell you, I think it was like at the end of February, just when it started to kick off, when it just started to get a bit weird. I, yeah, in February, I had a big drop in February and March were, you know, just levels I'd seen like a year ago. But then because I couldn't travel, I focus on the podcast, focus on the guests, and then I've seen growth again. I don't know if the growth is, I think a couple of things.  at the moment because you've been absolutely flying, dude. Yeah, well we also have different strategies, right? I make no secret about it. Mine is a volume game and I try to have as many conversations as I possibly can because to me the podcast, I think some people take the approach of like I'm going to make sure that every single episode I do is a hit meets kind of the standard of in terms of  do transcripts and show notes and kind of all that stuff. I just couldn't do the volume that I did, right? Or I'd have to have a massive team to kind of crank all that out. I think there's other people who say, well, I want that stuff and they're formally going to do one or two conversations per week. And so, you know, ultimately, like you kind of find the audience that wants what you want, right? Yeah, of course. I think that's the beauty of of podcast is that there's so many different styles or so many different show formats.  house, you know, 20 years ago or whatever, ends up going through the entire process becomes a master sommelier, works at a number of the best restaurants in the world, and then becomes the wine director at 11 Madison, which was voted the number one restaurant in the world. And then he left and he started a retail wine business called Verve Wine, and now it's working on a restaurant and kind of all these other things. But a lot of people are like, well, what the hell  And so I think you can learn from that. And then the third thing is he's just got a very unique view of the world, right? He's interested in finance and technology and all this stuff, but he operates in a world that many of us don't know. And then you kind of overlay on top of all of it. He's one of 200 of the best people at his craft in the world. There's only the 200 master sommeliers in the world. And so you look at that and you're just like, yeah, I want to talk to that guy. Like, and you know, I cheat because I know him pretty well and talk to him regularly. But when he comes on the podcast,  I know what your strategy what's your strategy? Well, my end goal is just to be able to make any content I want any day and not give a fuck if anyone wants to listen, you know a bit like how Rogan does comedians he does MMA But then he'll just do random people like but like MMA and comedians is his thing He does the other stuff and he just does what the hell he wants. Um, I Kind of want to get to that point. I want to do I want to I want to interview  to do with my first, I'm doing a four-part documentary about a rock band called The Ghost Inside. It starts next week. They had this crash. This is a cool story actually. In 2015, they're screaming heavy metal band pop, right? And they just released their album and they broke out into the Billboard charts, which is unheard of for that type of band. Then a year later, they're in a fatal bus crash. It takes four years for them to get back to play their next concert because they're so fucked from it. So I'm doing a four-part thing about that. But like I am, I'm putting these like little markers around of the things  I'm not writing the email anymore. I'm not recording other podcasts. See you guys later. It was a great run. You know, I'm out and, uh, you know, look, I hope that doesn't happen. Right. Cause I genuinely do enjoy this stuff. I've learned a lot. I've met some amazing people, but, uh, but I think that's kind of like my first rule is I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to spend a minute on this. I don't want to  of course, is that creating content? Of course, is that kind of doing other things that individuals used to do? I think so. I just don't have some like master plan. I just know that, you know, we're moving to a world where people want to subscribe to individuals, right? And all the content stuff definitely helps with that. All the social media stuff helps with that. But ultimately, you know, I don't look at this as a content game.  weird world stuff because that's an interesting point because I think we could say we're all, let's go five, six months back, we're all kind of on autopilot prior to the pandemic, right? The world's ticking along, we're all doing our thing. We know there's like some problems in the economy, the likes of yourself and Caitlin Long and Travis Cling and Rao Powell, all have been saying the same thing.  maybe we'll go to a more authoritarian world, or maybe we'll go to a world of more liberty, and that I don't know. But I feel like we're living through that moment now. And I don't think it's going to be a smooth path. I think a lot of weird and scary shit's going to happen over the next few years. And I've got like a mixture of fear and excitement about it all. A bit more on the fear side, because revolutions are always bloody. But also a bit more excitement, because hopefully we can  certain geographic locations where that's not true or you kind of reverse course, of course, but overall humanity continues to get better, continues to get safer, continues to get more prosperous. And I think that that's like one thing in the back of my head that always just like, yeah, just chill out. The world's gonna keep spinning. At the same time, I do think that in these moments of uncertainty and chaos, there are things that happen  And again, it doesn't mean that they're all gonna happen tomorrow all at the same time. And there's gonna be mass chaos and it's gonna look like the purge, but it does mean that history repeats itself. And so do you think currencies are gonna fail in the future? Of course we're gonna have currencies, which ones, when, all that stuff is hard to tell. These are gonna be violent conflict, of course. Where, with who, when, that's all up for debate. It's all up for a lot of people smarter than I. But I think that even with those things happening,  out for me and I can't affect what a central bank does or what a country does or prevent a war from occurring. If those things happen, they happen and I'll respond along with everybody else accordingly. But it ultimately is just like, you're only in control yourself, right? So just worry about that. I think there's a slight, I think I've got a slightly different outlook and I tell you why. Because when I go to bed, I have to think about too little people as well.  And when I say I worry about myself, like obviously I worry about myself, Polina, my brothers, my parents, there's a small group of people that I include in worry about me, but can you change the world in the sense of reverse course from any of that happening? No, no, of course not. But there is at that point, I don't vote, right? I just got no interest anymore. But people say, well, if you don't vote, you can't influence. And democracy is based on the fact that enough people do go and vote.  make the part of the world I live in a better place. And maybe that's maybe that's first starting with the boundaries of my house. Can I do things in that to make the world a better place for my children? Can I, you know, then outside that boundary around my friends and social communities and then, you know, so what are the things we can do better? But I just, I do worry. I do worry for what kind of world we're heading towards and what opportunity they will have. And it's multiple things. Like it's not just, you know, it's, you've got to think about opportunities because of  But I can show you studies on both sides of the argument. And also, I can show you studies that are very compelling from very well-respected people that would disprove the other argument. So there's tons and tons of data, tons of studies. And ultimately, I'm not a scientist. And so my ability to sift through all that and find, quote unquote, the truth is little to none. What I do think is  maybe that inaccurate thinking, but it's where people, because we're human, they want to feel like they have something to do, right? And so one of the most popular things around global warming is I'm not gonna fly. Okay, if you don't fly, do you think the plane's still gonna fly? Of course it is, right? And so unless you're going to get enough drop in demand to remove 20% of flights for an airline company,  or something like that, where if you want to have an impact, I always tell people stop being on the defensive side and go play offense. And so if you want to change global warming, like go build a company where you can get access to lots of resources to actually have a material impact on a macro level, right? If you want to change politics, voting is something that you are one of millions that are going to do, right? So actually, if you, if you go vote or you don't, it's not going to change the election, right? In many, many cases.  is one, you find out that if there's more friction, now all of a sudden people don't really care. Right? Like, it's easy to like, yeah, like, okay, cool, I'll put in the recycling bin. But if you want me to like go somewhere on Saturday and like actually do something that really matters, like, oh, I don't care about the problem that much. And the second thing is, there's only so many problems you can focus on. Right? So you see somebody down, you say, what are all the issues you care about? Like they'll have this laundry list of things, everything from, you know, social justice issues to environmental issues to whatever. And then you say, okay, but you can only work on  ourselves. We're a similar age. We've lived through probably the best time ever. As you said, more prosperous, more opportunity, it's cheap to travel the world. I think I went to 18 countries last year. We've lived in such an amazing time where technology is incredible, relatively safe in the countries we're in. I just feel very lucky to do that. But I've got a feeling definitely the next decade is not going to be as good. There is going to be this  9.5% drop in actual Q2 GDP, yet billionaires made over half a trillion dollars in the same time. Right. Yeah, but we know why. Well, but here's the whole thing is you can't stick a black and white label on the situation because if we keep heading in the direction we're heading, it actually will be a fantastic decade for a lot of people. Right. And it'll be a horrible decade for another big part of the population. And so let's just say for  over the next decade are going to have a great time. At 50% they're going to struggle. I just think, I think it's going to be an aggregate drop for most people. Like it's going to be, so we're going to have a lot of people out of work, a lot of people struggling to get by. You know, we live in a country where whatever you think of socialism or social safety nets, we have them. We have people who rely on welfare programs. More people are going to rely on that, but the government's going to have less money. And I think we're going to see a lot of social unrest. I mean, we're already  to feed into that. There's many people who think by 2030, the amount of money spent on people over the age of 65 out of the government budget would be 50%. So, you know, 25% increase over the next 10 years. That is just natural in terms of your demographics get older, right? You're a big part of your population. Now, with that said, you kind of have two options, right? Is either one, if you want to continue to have the economic boom that let's say over the last, you know,  access type situation. This is simply an education problem, right, which is people don't understand what is happening and because they don't understand they're going to get hurt, if they understand what's happening, they can make very easy decisions to actually benefit from the situation rather than be hurt by it. And so if we can change that education, you know, what percentage of the population is educated on this stuff? If you can increase that percentage, you can actually shift it from a negative situation to a positive situation.  I tell you a funny story actually. One guy who got one of the jobs just came and knocked on the door and just said, look, I've seen the jobs up. Can I just talk to you about it? And I was like, yeah, of course. And he got the job there and then. And another one guy did an application as an infographic, we've got a job. But the point being is we've got a lot of applications. We just have nothing in the UK. There was a role for a receptionist at a thousand applications. There's going to be fewer jobs available, a lot more people going for those jobs. So I'm in that place. I'm thinking,  And what I mean by that. So think back, there's a point in time in the United States where 98% of people were farmers, right? Obviously that's not true anymore. And so I don't know what the number is, 2%, 5%, whatever it is now, but that's not like all the jobs went away. It's just that those people went and found different types of jobs. And so if you look, again, let's call it 20, 30 years out, what are the things that are going to be in high demand? Well, obviously anything around technology will be incredibly  kind of lower socioeconomic status, you know, kind of the people at the lowest end of a corporate ladder. And those jobs are heavily commoditized because there's a million other people who can do the same job. And so you put out a receptionist, you get 1000 applications. If you put out, you know, I need a self driving