 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Congressman Emer here. Thank you so much for doing this. Hey, Pomp, thanks for having me. Absolutely. So for like the five people watching who don't know who you are, give us kind of a quick two minutes what you did before you got into politics and then kind of what you do today. So I was, well, what did I do? I played hockey through college. I was going to head the year  on an acre lot. The kids can bike. They can go to the local meat market. I mean, it was great growing up. And I was doing what a lot of Americans do, right? Coaching all their sports, being involved in all this stuff. And then something happened back in 2004 where I'm sitting on the front sidewalk. My wife and I, after church, had left those guys to do their chores on a Sunday morning, drove to a neighboring town, grabbed a cup of coffee, and we're reading the Sunday paper. I said, look at this. Look at this. The guy who's our state rep, he's not going to run again. Surprised.  Minnesota. I'm a Minnesota kid. My wife's a Minnesota kid. The only thing that's unique is I'm a graduate of the University of Alaska in Fairbanks, Alaska, and I lived in the woods in a cabin with no running water, outdoor plumbing, and wood heat, which some of my old teammates tell me prepared me for Congress. But anyway, fast forward. I ended up running for this seat in 2004, was elected in two, I'm sorry, 14, elected in  keep rushing in to save us all from ourselves and they cause more trouble than they do solve problems. But this has been the only country where a dumb schlub like me can come up with a great idea and go sit down with a local banker it used to be. Now we've got all kinds of options, one of which I don't want to see government screw up and that's the crypto area. But we can sit down with somebody that wants to join us in taking a risk. They want to help us by providing necessary  with then Chair Yellen and Dr. Stanley Fisher, one of the board members, and Jay Powell, who is then one of the governors, whatever you call them, their titles. And I asked them what they were doing to create more opportunities in the financial services industry. And back then, Pomp, I was talking specifically about bank charters, right? Which, by the way, I think the action by Brian Brooks last week could be very good when we talk about banks, but we can get to that in a minute.  old-fashioned ledger and they're keeping track of everybody the old-fashioned way. No, you guys got to get out of the way. You get so involved and here's what scared me. The meeting ended, you know, and we're kind of socializing around the table. This was an amazing room. Talk about the Star Chamber, the Federal Reserve is. I mean, I'd heard stories. I had to see it myself. This is the room that I'm told where the Joint Chiefs of Staff would literally meet during World War II. So we're standing, having a side conference  You know, I got a great staffer here that's a Minnesotan who's been interested in this stuff since I came to Congress. And he made the mistake or a good fortune of handing me a book called The Age of Cryptocurrency about, I don't know, four years ago, five years ago. And I read the book. I told him afterwards, I don't think he ever expected me to read it. I read it cover to cover. I went back to him and I said, you know, the problem with this book, there are not  find it in 20 seconds, right? Because that's the one, the guy in the stands lying about it. Let me ask you about this. Guess what? You guys, you've been raised totally different. You see the world in this abstract. You're able to be out here. My kids do this, right? They see it in two and three dimension and I fear perhaps even beyond that. I just, I watch what you guys are capable of doing and I, two things, and I'm excited to be doing this.  importantly, I think you're going to hear about therapeutics, right? We're going to be able to treat people in certain demographics who right now, this virus is fatal to them. If we can treat them so that they can recover, that's as good. I mean, not as great as a vaccine, but you're saving lives. And I think we're going to get there. But think about what we're going to get. We're coming out of this thing. We've now been forced to work remotely. We've now been forced to learn remotely. We've now been forced to  certificates and the regulators would just get up to speed or get out of the way. The key though, we're not going backward. We're not going to go back to a day where you got to go see the doctor to have them tell you what you already know. Oh yeah, you got a cold. Let's see. I'll give you this. We're going forward and that means we're going to have to build out the rest of this internet highway. We're going to have to increase the speeds and we're going to need, I'm going to tell you, we're going to move into this area. I don't think cash has ever gone because I'm also one of those  And the legacy one is under duress, right? So there's this virus, we go through the government mandated lockdowns at the state levels. And now all of a sudden it leads to this financial crisis. And as you mentioned to and alluded to earlier, the government response and the Federal Reserve response in these situations is to just start printing a bunch of money and handing it out in every nook and cranny and every exotic way they can think of. Just talk a little bit, I think, about kind of how you view the response so far, where we've made mistakes and kind of what can we do from here?  because they wanted to grow the pie without any regulation. And that's a problem because that's the date I believe, and you don't have to agree with me, those listeners of yours, those six people that are out there, they don't have to agree with the thing I say. But I believe that was the beginning of where we went from being a country and an economy that was based on the creation of wealth, wealth creation, because the idea is if Pomp is creating wealth and Tom is working  about this. They knew how to save, they knew how to plan, they knew how to be ready for the next great whatever it is. This group, they're so highly leveraged right now and this is a problem all the way around the world that all they're trying to do is protect themselves. I mean this is not about, well maybe it is about you, maybe you and I are in that whatever, but what's happened over time in my lifetime and this isn't Republican or Democrat, this is monetary policy. The rich have gotten  to be able to cross borders and do things that are worldwide as opposed to local. So there's an argument that you need to have everyone in the financial services food chain. But when you passed Dodd-Frank and you applied the standard that was intended for the Goldman Sachs, the JP Morgan's, the Citibank's, the Wells Fargo's, when you did that and you applied it all the way down the food chain, the only way you can survive  All right, so it anyway that's what's happened you went off the gold standard It doesn't have to be the gold standard. It's pegging it to some responsible number so it has meaning as opposed to just people playing with it and Has some of us wondering why right so over time in order for you to be successful You have to be able to hedge that debt you have to be able to have enough resources to play that game and that's why the game gets  that said this vote is the classic Hobson's choice. The number one issue, I hadn't voted as far as I know, I hadn't voted to increase spending at all since I got here. The debt to me is the issue, right? But I wrote it's the classic or ultimate Hobson's choice because on the one hand, we can't be doing this. I mean, this is morally not responsible. It's not just our kids that we're stealing from right now.  crash. And if it all comes just like 2008 where it's there was a different way one. This one is our food su I mean it is everything pe we've wrapped up in this need to find our way th we're going to, I think y like I said earlier, the we'll start to get back t have a lot of work to do  we collect more money, it's just the more money we collect, we keep spending more and more. And so that seems to be this debt-based system that you're talking about. And you're leaving out the tariffs. I mean, we're not just income tax. We've been collecting all these tariffs. A ton of money has been coming into the treasury. And I've said this to the administration. I said it when they first got here. And they said, well, we need you to vote for this. I said, I can't. Well, why? I said, because you have to give me a plan  that includes government spending, which, you know, I don't know, maybe you'll like the analogy. And if you don't, correct me because I've been using it for years and I feel like people don't understand it. So we lump both of these together. The private sector, which is actually generating income, right? Growth. And the government sector, which is literally taking that money out of the private sector and then putting it back in. It's like living in the same room with all the ventilation closed off  right now we don't have enough growth. Okay, great. But pump, when you get to 3% or better, when you're humming the way they were humming, we should have had a plan, I believe last July, show me how we're gonna pay it off. And that's kind of where I am right now. And I know I'm probably gonna be in the minority, but we've spent way too much money. I mean, when there's $1 trillion still sitting out there and it hasn't even been deployed, right? And that doesn't even include, you know, my state, they put 2.1 billion  before Trump, Trump's been separating a lot of these, but it was so intertwined globally. And I think, you know, we, you look at the European Union, man, my mother had a phrase. You don't want to leave fast. Yeah, I'm telling you, you may appreciate this. My mother had a phrase for me when I was a kid. It was, Tommy, you're way too smart to be so darn stupid. So I love that. So the reason I wanted to talk is  and critical of some of these big tech folks when it's appropriate to be critical. Look, Twitter's a problem. They're the ones that screwed up. Bitcoin didn't screw up. Twitter, your security was not adequate. They hacked Twitter and you're going to have bad guys all over the place. So my view of it is the centralization, which by the way, reminds me of something I wanted to bring up to you about the future, right? Because you see what governments are doing that are working on fiat currency,  And guess what? If you lived in Wuhan, they shut you down, man. You couldn't get a ride out of Wuhan to another city. You couldn't go get some groceries unless the government released you to go get the groceries. So need I say more about what I don't like about centralized control? You know, it's kind of like Libra was proposed. Oh, great concept. Wonderful. But somebody's got to be in control, right? And I want to just take it back a couple notches and then superimpose  I want you to be happy. I want me to be happy. I want you to have the basic necessities of life and be able to, because we can all live here happily ever after and we can support each other, this whole thing. He said, it's great, but you're forgetting this concept of scarcity. And I'm really going to condense this, but scarcity is this idea that resources are scarce and the free market, it's your effort. It's your ingenuity, et cetera.  never been good no matter where it's been tried. I think we're just moving into that next phase, which is why crypto, the area excites me because do I think that government has a role? Yeah, I'm not going to say no. I don't think it has a big role. I mean, I think government has a, I think people can police themselves, right? I don't like the fact that my colleagues think everybody is so dumb. They're all going to get fleeced all the time. And my goodness,  much bigger than why do you not like centralization. It's a whole concept of where this thing ultimately leads. Somebody is in control. And so obviously Bitcoin is the complete opposite of that, right? Kind of fully decentralized. It is 21 million artificially capped and as scare says, any money in the world, many people I think in the Bitcoin world would just call it the soundest money the history's ever seen. How do these two worlds either coexist or is there a  the majority of the world is true, whether it's Europe, the US, Canada, I mean pick your country. It's the traditional fiat currency is, they don't all manage it well. I think I had at one point $100 million Zimbabwe dollar that was worth like 36 cents or something. I don't even know if it was worth that. But here's where I'd push back just a little bit pomp and I don't mind if you get critical of me and push me. But you go to Africa,  traditional forms of exchange. And in cash, right, they found other ways to deal. Look, I hope the traditional fiat currency survives. I hope that we never get rid of completely a tangible form of exchange because I and somebody, they haven't passed a law against me saying it yet. They might. But I don't need the government tracking what I'm doing. They have no right  you know, we're gonna have the opportunity if we do this right in the next 20, 30, 50 years, you're gonna be able to live wherever you wanna live, you're gonna be able to treat with your doctors, you're gonna be able to get, because of robotics and the advances, there's gonna be a day where you're gonna get surgeries, you're gonna get everything and you're gonna have, for instance, you gotta have a new hip, it's gonna be printed up by a 3D printer and you're gonna have the surgery right in your home.  the labor came in from the rural areas and was concentrated in the factories in the city so that you could use the same transportation methods. We're just about to blow that whole thing up. We are on the verge because of this pandemic, I believe, of starting to really think differently. And it's not gonna be me. It's not gonna be me. I don't have the ability to grasp this thing. But I do have, I hope, enough sense to recognize that even though I don't like change,  It's not just cash, right? You've got to have this other system. And it's either going to happen because we have people who are visionaries, who are looking beyond and working with people who are smart enough to tell you, hey, this is how we could do this. Or I'm afraid you're going to have to have a catastrophe that forces it to happen. I mean, you know better than I do the reason I read the age of cryptocurrency because this mysterious Satoshi, because of the last crash in 2008,  and obviously those things are going to increase in value. There's people in the gold community that say, oh, the solution to this is to go back to a gold standard, right? I tend to think, eh, unlikely that that will happen, although I understand the argument. What's more likely is that every fiat currency in the world just digitizes. So you get a digital dollar, digital euro, digital yen, you know, one, all the way through. And then you basically don't have competition at the technology layer because now whether it's Bitcoin, it's a private currency like Libra,  that really think they can play with this funny money all the way through the end of the year and they can continue to print trillions of dollars because they'll say two things. One, well, we'll just devalue the dollar and when you complain about it, you know what their answer is? Yeah, but our exports, I mean, people will buy a lot more stuff. That's not the answer, Pop. That's not monetary policy. That's greed. That's just, you know, and that's also just kicking the can down the road for tomorrow.  and where I want to go is you're not going to get competition if you turn it over to the government. You're going to get what they see in China. Okay? Because remember, pop, somebody has to be in control. I prefer that if we're doing a, if we're working in cryptocurrency, you're in control of your wallet. I'm in control of my wallet and you and I are doing the exchange between us because I don't need Big Brother One watching you.  No, no, I don't think so. I just don't see it. And while there is a place for it again, you can probably tell, I tend to not my view. By the way, I'm in the minority at this point. I'm in the minority. What would it take for a single state? So we saw the state of Ohio, for example, the treasurer's office said, hey, we're going to accept Bitcoin for taxes when that  top down thing, like how does that work? Oh, I think it's gonna have to come from the bottom up. And it's actually both ways, right? And I'm just looking, because we've got a bill that we did on state licensing. I think it starts with stuff like that. It might seem not very sexy, right? But wait a second. If the federal government creates a one size fits all when you're dealing with the exchange of crypto, and you now don't have to get a money transmitting license  leave this country, they will go find a place for this to work. The dollar or the Bitcoin will always follow the path of least resistance. So if we wanna be behind the eight ball, which we already are in some cases, we can continue to let this go. The second thing is, once you start doing money transmitter license bills, once you have Brian Brooks, what he did last week by allowing banks to actually bank the  that they put in there, right? But it has to pick up momentum because here's the other thing. And you work with the people in this area a lot more than I do. I get to meet them, they're interesting. I mean, I love the ones that go out and start a trading platform that's worth millions and they never graduated from USC. But guess what? USC invites them back because they want to give them an honorary degree and have them talk to their students that are paying an exorbitant amount for a worthless education.  places. This is where the Roman Empire went when the citizens didn't know and didn't care for years that the government had actually fallen. I mean, think about it. Was it Spain just a couple years ago? They didn't have a government for over a year and their economy was actually improving. Huh, that's a head scratcher. Not really. So it's people that you're interviewing all the time. It's people that you're intersecting and interacting with. They're going to figure  That's why bringing up Twitter I'm very grateful of because they did it again. Right? It wasn't Bitcoin that caused the problem. It was Twitter. And it's like every time there's this, maybe it's because of the name, maybe crypto just gives it a bad, you know, ooh, there's something bad going on there. It's cryptic. But I think one of the other key pieces to this whole thing is five years ago,  say things on the congressional hearing floor or whatever, like you can't stop Bitcoin, right? You cannot shut it down. And to kind of have those things said out loud publicly from elected officials, it shows that, wait a second, the same thing that the computer kind of nerds and then the entrepreneurs and the investors, and it kind of spiraled out to the rest of the world. Every single one of these groups has had this aha of this is what this thing is. And now it's literally seeping into the halls of government. And when you kind of see somebody  I, the authors in New York a couple years ago and I told him the same thing, but it started me down this road and I told him I need more stuff. Landon looks at me and he says, you realize that if you're not the most educated, you're in the top five when it comes to this right now in Congress. And I said, there's no way. He said, look, there's pull us from Colorado. There's a Schweikert from Arizona. I, there's a Mulvaney and I don't know how educated he was, but this was Mulvaney's deal. He, he's one of the founders of the  I'm a scientist or whatever it is, is PhD. He's bright. But even Bill is grabbing a hold of it and trying to understand it. Steve Lynch, not quite there yet, right? But I think he's doing the work. And so the fact that he starts out from a place that may not be what we agree with, the fact that he gets into it, I got to tell you, Pom, if you do your homework, if you start getting exposed to the people,  that are really smart financial guys. I'm not gonna give you the names because I'm just not gonna give them the ability to say, hey, Tom Emmer says I'm this in their next campaign, but they are, they're good, okay? And I think that combined with the growing number of Republicans, I think you're gonna get, and by the way, end the crisis. Because as we come out of the crisis, Bitcoin ain't going away, it's gonna get stronger  had a couple of the bigger their leaders. I had three were three young guys sit and in a square and I don't kno I mean they they're a li but they're definitely th this. They got, you know, hair, they're young, the whole meeting is going through, it comes out. Th  these voices because if you get the momentum and we're going to have this ugly election, it's going to be so terrible. And I mean, don't anybody who checks me out, I am definitely involved in the election process and I definitely have a perspective, but I'm not looking forward to it for our country. I'm just not. I, you know, after, uh, after Labor Day, everybody's going to strap their helmet on and it's going to be this bloody brutal. But when we get through it,  of life to survive. And that will be the opportunity, Pom. I believe that's the opportunity when we come out of that, as long as we have new leadership and people are talking to each other again and you stop this lockdown stuff and just making everything about us and them instead of about we, I think we can make a big gate because tied together, we're not going backward when it comes to the internet superhighway. We're going to have to go forward. I completely agree. We've got about four or five minutes left.  I mean, how cool would that be that there's a civilization somewhere else? I'm to that point in my life that I'm not gonna be walking on another planet, but you might still have that opportunity. And yeah, I don't, and this is gonna be embarrassing, but I haven't seen the recent UFO talk. Was it a, were we talking about a presidential campaign or? Well, so here's the crazy part, right? Is I've asked 300 something number of people this thing and usually the most popular answer is some form  aliens and UFOs that other people you and me were meant to talk today because earlier today people were talking about some of the strangest things that you encounter when you're doing the job that I do and I got the guys who are you know every I go to this place a little Legion in my district and there be this guy waiting for me with a stack of papers want to talk about GMOs and I'd be like well genetically modified whatever you got to understand they're just speeding up the evolution no man no and then it'd be like you got to be against fluoride yeah and by the way the mercury that  We called him Tommy the commie. He was a great guy. He once told me he said, Emer, we all believe in black helicopters. We just think different people are flying them. Look, it's true, right? I joke all the time. Marketing and propaganda is the same thing. It's just which side you believe. Yeah. And what are you trying to accomplish? Absolutely. If you can leave everyone with one or two sentences just on kind of how you see Bitcoin, blockchain and America's future.  you just got to remain positive. You got to be grateful for every day you're given and you got to know we're lucky to be in this country despite the challenges that we're facing because nowhere else could you have started this Bitcoin the way it started, in my opinion, and nowhere else would you be able to race towards a vaccine like we're able to do in this country. And by the way, I think ultimately, I wish somebody pick up the tagline that every one of us Americans should be interested in making the world  I think people are really going to enjoy it while do it again in the future. Thanks, Pomp. I look forward to meeting you in person and stay healthy.