 So, preparing to live stream the meeting. Setting up meeting. All the live stream. Right. We are here. Roger is here as well. I believe everyone can see both of us. We're going to wait a minute or two.  before you'd ever heard of Bitcoin or cryptocurrencies or anything.  wanted a hard drive for my own computer. I went to one of these auctions and they were selling 9 gigabytes because of hard drives for $100 each. This was when eBay was just getting started. This is probably 1998 or so. I saw that these same hard drives that were $100 each at the going out of business sale were almost $400 each on eBay. I took all the money that I had saved up, which is about $1,400 I'd earned mostly from changing oil at a Jiffy Loop type place as a teenager, and then bought all those hard drives and then I resold them on eBay.  and  of people to sign up for PayPal there. And then for those that are all left to remember, eGold, it was the same thing. When eGold came along, I was a giant fan of eGold. And I sold my computer memory for eGold. People paid me with eGold. For those that don't know, eGold was this awesome platform that allowed you to buy and sell things on the internet, but pay in X number of dollars worth of gold. And the gold physically stayed put in different vaults, but you would just transfer the ownership of the gold around online. And that was really starting to get traction and really picking up steam until the US government came in and said,  hoops and filled out a bunch of forms for the lawyers. Maybe a decade later, you might have gotten some of your money back, but I never followed up on that just because it was too much work. It's a war of attrition there. But I've been involved in tech and payments for decades. I'm one of the older people in the cryptocurrency space. So that's a little bit about me, although we left out one of the more interesting facts maybe in my life. So I wasn't born a libertarian, but I started studying these economics books as a young man. And the more economics I studied, the more I realized, wow,  as many laws as I possibly could. I would repeal as many taxes as I possibly could. And even if I were to be elected, I said I wouldn't accept any salary whatsoever because my potential salary would come from taxpayers. And maybe those taxpayers wouldn't want to pay my salary. So I don't think that it would be legitimate for the government to force people to pay my salary if they don't want to. So I said, even if I was elected, I wouldn't accept a salary. And then in my campaign, I got to debate the Republican and Democratic candidates. And I called the ATF and FBI a bunch of jackbooted thugs and murderers in reference to all these children that they murdered.  and FBI don't like it when you call them jackbooted thugs and murderers. I wound up being the only person in the entire country to be prosecuted for selling these firecrackers on eBay. I was buying them initially from Cabela's Sporting Goods Catalog and then reselling them on eBay. Buying from one website, selling on another, I didn't know I needed any sort of permit or license the company I was buying them from. I asked them specifically, do I need a license to sell these? They said, no, they're legal in all 50 states for agricultural use only. I put right there in the ads of these for agriculture use only, of course, everybody that was buying them knew that, yes,  of  everything started, my prison sentence started in 2002 and I got out in 2003 and it took some time for everything to wind through the gears of injustice there. Got it. Okay. And then in terms of that, there's a, you get out of prison in 2003, obviously you've got this kind of sour taste in your mouth with the government law enforcement, kind of everything you just articulated. Bitcoin doesn't come around till 2008, 2009. What are you doing in the five year kind of window between getting out of prison  and sell things and mainly in the book they were using it to pay for secret data centers where people could host their data beyond the reach of governments to be able to control or censor or shut down these websites and that sort of thing. It was really, really interesting. Then another book was Future Imperfect by David Friedman in which it talks all about public key cryptography and how it works. He's a physicist by training, but he's, I guess, teaches law by profession. The example he gave was once anonymous peer-to-peer digital cash  appear anonymous digital cash to come into existence. And then when I heard about Bitcoin, boom, there it was, this thing I've been waiting for. But to answer your question, in the interim, I've been focusing on my business. So memory dealers grew up to have multiple millions of dollars in sales every single year. We employed dozens of people around the world, had thousands of happy customers all around the world. Everybody from NASA to the Bureau of Prisons were our customers for our parts. What were you selling? What is memory dealers?  the rest of that time, even though the name of the company was still memory dealers. We still sold memory, but the main product were these optical transceivers. And so I had enough capital and money from that to when Bitcoin came along. Boom, I knew this is going to change everything. So first step was to buy a bunch of Bitcoin. Next step was to start investing and helping build up all the businesses that would enable Bitcoin to be useful for people in their actual lives to buy and sell things on the Internet. And everybody loves to talk about, you know, I'm going to buy a Lambo with my sick crypto gains. Well, I had a Lambo  how that gets implemented. But what I really wanna talk about first is what are those problems in the world? Then the early days of Bitcoin and kind of Rogers work there and kind of a lot of the insights and stories and effort that many people may not be aware of just because they weren't around, paying attention to that point. And then at the end of the conversation, we're gonna get into Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, a little bit of a technical conversation and kind of what the future looks like. So let's start with, I think the things that 99%  I think it was free to choose.  anywhere near as much money as earning $100,000 back in the 1980s was. So what the government has incentivized to do with inflation is year after year, if you have your spending power is decreased by a couple percentage points, before you know it, earning $100,000 isn't that big amount of money. But if you go from earning $50,000 to $100,000 over 10 years, now suddenly you're in a much, much higher tax bracket, but you're not actually earning any more money, but you're having to pay a higher percentage of what you're earning to the government. So governments are incentivized  to that or any hard money where there's a limited supply can help put a stop to that. If you have something with a limited supply, governments can't inflate it anymore. They can't bump you into a higher tax bracket without you actually having to be able to earn more money each year. And so there's obviously the inflation problem. I think, again, every single person listening to this will say, yes, that makes a ton of sense. There's this element of censorship or surveillance. Maybe talk a little bit about how the traditional financial system has issues that many people might not think  They literally stole all the customers' gold because some of the people were using it for payments that the government didn't like. Everything in life is just fine until it's not. That's why it pays to be prepared because everything's fine. I'm here in the Caribbean, everything's fine, but if a major hurricane comes, it's not going to be fine. I need to prepare now and have some extra food and water and things available in case there is some major disaster. The same is true in the different monetary systems around the world.  that  And so you talked earlier about kind of your experience with eGold. And for those that didn't hear it, it was basically gold sitting in a vault. And then rather than paper claims on the gold, sort of a gold-backed dollar, it was basically electronic claims from overgeneralized description. And you could trade around those electronic claims on the gold. And then you could trade around those electronic claims on the gold. And then you could trade around those electronic claims on the gold. And then you could trade around those electronic claims on the gold. And then you could trade around those electronic claims on the gold. And then you could trade around those electronic claims on the gold.  was that they stopped actually being made of silver, and she had a whole bunch of those. And I thought that that was really interesting as a kid. But actually, more recently, when I first got involved in Bitcoin, I helped set up the Silicon Valley Bitcoin meetup and then the Tokyo Bitcoin meetup. And there was a real interesting guy that showed up the Tokyo Bitcoin meetup. This is back in 2011. And I don't have one in front of me, but everybody's familiar with a penny from the US, right? Everyone knows what a penny looks like. In Japan, there's a one yen coin that's worth about a penny today. And it's  how chintzy a little tiny, cheap piece of, I think it might actually be plastic inside, to be honest. It looks like it's plastic coated in aluminum foil. It's a really cheapy little thing. But he brought a one yen coin from right before World War II. And back then, a one yen coin was one ounce of silver. So he had a US silver dollar, which was one ounce of silver, and a one yen coin, which was one ounce of silver. And right now, the exchange rate for dollars to yen, one US dollar is around 110 yen.  the  Roger, you were very early in Bitcoin and I think early in two different things. So one was timing, right? In terms of my understanding is about 2011 when you really kind of made a big move into Bitcoin, but two also early in conviction, meaning that you didn't just say, oh, this is an interesting thing. Let me put, you know, $20 in and see what happens. You made a pretty substantial shift in your wealth and kind of your portfolio, if you will, at the time.  like somewhere between one and 10 cents and there wasn't an actual price. It was just kind of a range. Like whatever someone's willing to pay for it in that ballpark is what the price was. And I only spent maybe five minutes looking at it. I thought, oh, this is kind of interesting, but too bad nobody's using it. And I didn't dig in deep and I didn't fully understand how it's this decentralized system and can't be shut down or controlled. And then that was late in 2010. And then early in 2011, I heard about it again. And then I Googled it again. And that's when I figured out, I put all the pieces together. Oh, there's a limited supply. Oh, it's a distributed network.  I  and  things. It's like I never bought or sold a single thing on the Silk Road. But philosophically, it was one of the most interesting things that had ever happened in my entire lifetime. And I was I spent a huge amount of time reading their forms and looking at all over the website and keeping track of the different stuff that people were starting to buy and sell. And that's what kicked off the entire Bitcoin and cryptocurrency ecosystem where people buying and selling things on the Silk Road using Bitcoin for payments. And back, everybody today knows that Bitcoin's aren't anonymous and aren't are very easily traceable.  and gave it its initial price, and that's what made it grow and grow and grow. And there's such an interesting, and so my fear at that point when people were only using Bitcoin to buy and sell cocaine or marijuana or different things on these things is, well, governments don't like that. Governments can demonize that. So my goal was to get people to use Bitcoin in commerce for things that aren't illegal. And so I had a long background in e-commerce, buying and selling things. So I set up this website called Bitcoinstore.com, which was the very first mainstream website selling  for Bitcoin.  Bitcoin.  So when you kind of wrapped your head around this and you're like, wow, this is really impressive. I think that there's a big, big future for this. I'm going to intentionally make a move into Bitcoin. Was your first inclination to buy a bunch of Bitcoin to set up the story you just described where you would just accept it for parts? Like, what were the, what was like the first thing that you actually did once you kind of had made the decision, okay, like this is the future and I want to go and be a part of that?  it in a real snarky way. And when he said that to me on the phone, I told him, you're right. And so I went out the next day and I bought even more Bitcoin. So I should thank him for doing that. But to answer your question, it was all those things, right? Buy some Bitcoin and then build all the software tools to make it useful for people to use Bitcoin in their daily lives for absolutely everything. And when we talk about buying a lot, are you thinking of it in terms of a lot of dollars, a lot of your net worth? Like, how did you think about kind of the risk for work?  that most people would have argued like there was a very, very high, I don't know, 99% chance it was going to fail, right? And it kind of wouldn't actually become what it has become.  he emailed me and his email started out. He says, I am in Nigeria and I know you don't believe me, but I honestly want to buy some of your optical transceivers or computer memory. I forget what parts you wanted. And because, you know, for better or worse, Nigeria has such a horrible online reputation, like almost all the credit card fraud and stuff is coming out of Nigeria. So with this guy that he sent me the email and he said, I'm going to pay you everything in advance. Buy WIO transfer. Once you receive the payment, you can wait a couple more days and make  and say, hey, I want to buy something from you. I'm going to pay you advance from cryptocurrency. My shipping address is in Nigeria, but I'm paying you in advance for cryptocurrency so you don't have anything to worry about. And people will say, true, no problem. It's not even an issue. Whereas back then, even for wire transfer, you're going to be skeptical because they have these elaborate other schemes that they do with tricking people to send fake wire transfers to the wrong person and whatnot. So anyhow, cryptocurrencies just solve so many problems for online payments. And that's what started the whole thing. The Silk Road is what got this entire ecosystem  Why not sell? Why not kind of walk away in terms of seeing the US dollar value of how many Bitcoin you had going up so much and so aggressively over the coming, you know, two, three, four, five years? Why not at some point just take the profits and go do something else? Because, well, and you could go do something else, but I can't think of anything that's more interesting that I could have an impact on than cryptocurrencies and peer-to-peer electronic cash for the world. AI is probably going to be more interesting, but other than that,  in  buying Bitcoin, investing in companies, to you end up getting the title of Bitcoin Jesus, right? And that was, I think, a combination of the work that you had done in investing in companies, kind of the amount of time and energy you had spent going and telling people about Bitcoin and trying to convince them that this was the future. Tell us the story of like, what was the first time you ever heard that as a description for yourself or a name for yourself? Kind of what was your reaction when somebody started to call you Bitcoin Jesus?  for  the same fate there. But it was basically impossible from 2011 until, and still to this day, for the most part, it's mostly impossible unless I'm in a real public setting that's not crypto, I want to be left alone. But for sure, up until probably 2015 or 2016, it was impossible to meet me and not hear about Bitcoin. And if you would allow me, I would set you up with a wallet and send you some. It was impossible to meet me through that point. And it wasn't until the fees on Bitcoin started to become a problem and the blocks became full that  the  Because if you're dead, you can't have interesting conversations like this or do anything at all about anything. So I want anybody who wants to be able to to be able to live forever. The best way to do that is through more economic growth so you can have more research scientists and more capital be devoted to figuring out a way for people to be able to live forever so you can enjoy wonderful times with your friends and family and people on the Internet. Interesting conversations for as long as you want to. And at any point, if you decide you're bored of life, it's easy to end it if that's what you want to do. Right. So like that's another thing that I want people to be able to do, to be able to live forever.  more difficult. And other people think, oh, what if you were born in some other part of the US? No, I'm talking about what if you were born in some poverty-stricken third-world country? I would have had a really, really, really hard time. Well, the best thing we can do for these countries around the world or these places around the world that are poverty-stricken is bring them more economic freedom. If you look at the different countries around the world, the ones with the lowest standard of living are the ones with the least amount of economic freedom. And because they have less economic freedom, they have less economic growth. So it's so clear for those that are old enough to remember, you can look at  economic freedom. It's clear which one of those two careers you would rather live in. And so anywhere around the world, you look at the places, the places with the most economic freedom have the most economic growth and the most economic growth leads to the highest standard of living. So if we want to help people all over the world is by bringing more the tools that enable more economic freedom around the world. And so like the Singapore's and the Hong Kong's until recently have been fantastic, you know, beacons around the world of those sorts of things. So let's bring more economic freedom to the world, the places around the world that don't have it. And I don't think that's  and they sold them to their neighbor or they made something on the internet or designed a website and sent or received a payment for it. Let's build the tools that enable people to engage in free trade around the world and not need permission from these politicians around the world. That's how we make the world a better place for everybody. And if we can make the world a better place for everybody else out there, that makes the world a better place for me too, because this is the same world that I'm living in. So Bitcoin or cryptocurrencies, that's the best thing that I could possibly do to make the lives of everybody in the entire planet better.  exciting technology that we have available to make the world a better place for everybody. And it's here right now today. Don't waste any more time. We're all getting older day by day. Let's hurry up and bring this to the world. Before we start talking about Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash and the differences there, my last question about the early days of Bitcoin is how would you describe the Bitcoin community? It was obviously small. There was loose coordination and some conferences.  and  money more than the nuts. Both of us are now wealthier after I bought these nuts from them. So we need to build the tools where people can do this without needing permission from anybody anywhere. And that's been the goal for me. And that was absolutely without any doubt the goal of the early Bitcoin community was building the tools for people to be able to buy and sell anything with anyone anywhere in the world and not need permission. And the payments were supposed to be fast, cheap, and reliable. And that's what it was all the way up until maybe 2015-ish. That really started to  There's multiple impact that can happen from this becoming globally adopted. What I don't want to have is people to think that Roger and I are here to argue over all kinds of different things. I think that Roger and I have a view of the world where the question is, how do we get there? It's kind of like we agree on all the problems. And I think we agree actually on like the finish line, if you will, or the goals of the world.  So understanding both the way that you think and also the way that other people think is really important. So that's kind of the goal here is to talk through it. Now, with that said, as we can see in the live chat through Twitter previously, there's tons of people who have tons of opinions here. And so we're going to try to do our best to navigate this in kind of the most intelligent way and stay out of what I'll call all of the troll type content. Although, yes, you guys make us all laugh. Roger and I were joking about it before we started.