 All right, guys, bang bang. I've got Ross here. Super excited about this. You may win the award for the most number of questions I've had to send in. So welcome. Thank you for doing this. Most of it was heckling, I'm sure. Well, you you also cheated just so everyone knows when I asked for the questions, I tagged the person on Twitter. Well, you started answering the questions in the comments. I didn't realize, you know, I saw the questions. I get excited.  walk us through your background and how we get to Gerber Kawasaki. Well, I don't want to take the whole podcast up with my life story. But basically, you know, I was fortunate. I grew up in a household where my mom was an investor and my grandfather was an investor. So when I was a kid, I would go to my grandfather's condo in Marina del Rey and they were not rich. Okay. They like were now in hindsight, kind of like middle lower class in a way, but my grandfather wanted to be  kid, my mom would get me to say like I worked as a waiter when I was 16. That was my first job. It was, it was great. I was in Bel Air working at this pizza place for a guy named George Santa Pietro. And if you look him up, boy, there's stories around this guy, right? And I was in the middle of it as a 16 year old, but I was making money. 80s, you know, and so my mom made me invest and I she said, give me the cash. We'll buy stocks and I bought Disney. She taught me to buy Disney. I started following it.  college I started trading stocks and it was like 92 93 so it was post 91 recession so things were starting to get better and the Dow was at 3000 at the time and I remember when the market rallied 30 points I was happy so when I graduated from college I got into the investment industry because the music industry which I had I worked at Atlantic Records and Geffen for a little bit for a couple months and then I was like this is gonna collapse because of technology because of Napster and all the  And they were super smart and they saw the coming retirement wave. And so we sold retirement products. That's how I learned. I sold IRAs, I sold mutual funds. So when I was 23, I was like selling mutual funds and, you know, basically making phone calls, you know. And so it grew from there. It grew from there. But I learned in the 90s, what I always believe, which is that technology is the best thing we do in America. And if you invest in technology,  to fast forward to the financial crisis. So I was working for the Sun America firm and by the time I was 28, I was managing 250 employees and 15 offices for Sun America. We were like a regional firm within Sun America. So somehow I was responsible for a lot of people by the time I was 28 and we were doing pretty well. And then we had .com and .bus and then fast forward to the financial crisis. So after the financial crisis,  I bought a house and then at the low my house caught on fire. So in December of 08, for real, December of 08, my house was on fire. I was down to my last couple bucks. I didn't have debts, thank God, but I had a couple properties I lost to. And I was like, dude, this sucks. This really sucks. So I decided to start a firm. That seems like a horrible idea too. But I figured, and my partner figured that if this was the beginning  was like, well, we want to make rules. Will you help us make rules? So we were in the pilot program for Facebook with the SEC. This was about 10 years ago. And so by leveraging social media, we've been able to build a huge firm and still growing like crazy. And we're still doing it. And so our goal is to democratize financial advice, be able to provide people, no matter what their background is, financial advice from young people who have their first jobs to  I can't tell you if more Derna is going to have a better vaccine than Pfizer. I just am not qualified to do that, but I own them all. But I can tell you what I think about Zoom and DocuSign and where Spotify is going and whether Apple has a great strategy. And that's where we focus on the stock picking side. So that's the life story. Got it. And so when you went to start the firm, I think that, like you said, there was pretty much nobody on social media, even in the 2000s and 2000s and 2000s, like social media was kind of just even  you're like, why don't we just start a new firm because nobody cares about Merrill Lynch or AIG anymore. I don't think anybody invests with Merrill Lynch thinking like this is some big solid company because they've gone out of business already once, you know, they were safe. Let's think of America really, right? So we were like, how do we look big and how do we get to lots of people when we don't have an ad budget? And, you know, I started the company with like my own money. Like we didn't, we don't have private money.  but strategic change we made was we sold products and earned commissions through a broker dealer. And then in 2003, I started doing advisory and I was like, this is a better way, except you make a lot less money, you know, on the short term. And so when we started GK, I knew it would take five years just to make it worth it to switch from advisory, from commissions to advisory, but I knew over time that would pay off and boy has it, you know, boy, I don't know how to do it.  didn't really have any fans because I was older. So, you know, like any friends on Facebook, I was like, my friends are like figuring this out too. But in the first day, we got 1000 fans. And I was like, wow, you know, like, this works, like, we just shared it and people followed our firm. And so we started posting. But our compliance department, not the regulators stopped us immediately. They're like, what are you doing? Well, it took them a little bit time to figure out what we were doing. And I said, well, what's the difference between this and you know, I don't know, send it out a letter.  And that was true, actually. So ironically, nobody checked us for like two years, okay? That we were just able to function on social media without compliance. And then AIG got all these people that started running AIG for the government. And I was like, okay, the gig is up now. And this lady calls me from head of compliance for AIG. And she said, I see what you're doing. And I was like, all right,  But that being said, we were able to reach the, our target market, which was younger, upper Lee mobile people, better on social media than traditional media. I use traditional media too. So, you know, I'm big in traditional media and I've used that. But what I've found in my career is almost nobody watches financial television, but millions of people are on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and they do consume financial content  So I guess you could call us almost like a hybrid digital firm now But it's been working people like working with people I don't think these digital solutions are are the panacea that everybody wants so so yeah It's been super good and it feels like when you were early on social media It really was kind of the outbound communication fill the top of the funnel with people who could potentially be clients and that was kind of how you guys did it rather than direct mail or Any sort of other type of outreach that other firms would do or were you also?  And I just had a bunch of young guys ask me for business cards. I was like, you guys want business cards? Like you can't even see people, let alone like give a business card out, you know? So the idea of our firm and where we make margin was leveraging social media is a lot cheaper than traditional advertising. It just is. And then, you know, using PR and getting TV spots is a lot cheaper than TV commercials, which we're actually running TV commercials now because I do  because now the media has moved into garbage land and people rely on us for information now instead of the media. And so it's an interesting shift what's happened in reliability of information. And so we've become more and more popular because we're the source. And so the media uses us for our source daily, but same with individuals, they can go directly to us. Yeah, it's very smart. You started out with, I think, kind of early on, tens of millions of dollars in assets  Our firm is built around helping people build wealth and then helping people manage wealth, but we do not actually focus on ultra high net worth. So every other firm, so this was also an innovation, right? So if 1% of people have a million dollars and 100% of brokers want those 1% of people, then you're in a really competitive business. But if they completely ignore everybody else, okay,  So I mean, it's easy to spend a million dollars in LA on education alone. So our client base was really focused around the millennial, the upperly mobile. We kind of serve a lot of clients of the stocks we own even. Snapchat is next door, Activision is next door. So we're in Santa Monica, California. So our business model is focused around younger people that have good careers, getting them when they're young, investing their money, helping them build wealth.  And now they've moved to being an executive at Snapchat with options and all this kind of stuff. I can't tell you how many questions we get about options and things like that. So we serve a lot of these tech companies and it's been, it's amazing how many young people are actually doing very well. And then we serve baby boomers. So a lot of people know that the wire houses are scams and now they can't, there's no confusion anymore. So when you are a client at Merrill Lynch or UBS, you're being sold pre-sold.  have now been coming to us in droves because they're saying, look, I want somebody who's really going to manage my money, not just charge me two fees, advisory fee, money management fee, put it in a bunch of, you know, products basically, and go play golf. And when your advisor is a better golfer than the client, that is a warning sign. It's just a warning sign. Like I could be a great golfer. Like I'm good at golf, but I play like rarely because I'm busy, you know, and I have a family.  is Tesla. Talk to us a little bit about kind of your relationship with Tesla in terms of when did you first get interested? Kind of what's the thesis there? And then kind of how do you evaluate where it is today? Tesla, the love story. Muddy Waters was mad at me because I said that I was going to hold Tesla forever. And they're like, you can't marry a stock. My dad taught me never marry a stock. I go, I married Apple a long time ago, babe. I live in a nice house. I think Steve Jobs and Tim Cook and I'm not selling my stuff.  you can see what's happening around you, talk to your friends. In New York, you guys have different sets of information that you have an advantage on, you know? And there's a lot of good stuff in New York too. And I have lots of sources in New York too. But LA is about tech and it's about social media. That's what we're good at in entertainment. And that's what I'm good at. And so I have an edge in these industries and markets. I grew up, I have friends in all the companies. I know the CEOs, CFOs, whatever, and everybody talks and so on. So Tesla came out.  I waited two years watching Tesla and then the Model S came out and when the Model S came out my partner I went down to Tesla and looked at it and drove it and and I'm a car guy. I love cars I'm not a technical car guy, but I like driving. I like driving fast. I like race cars You know, I I just like cars I don't know and and and I like ice cars actually, you know, it's it's not like I'm like Oh, you know, I only like EVs. No, I mean fuck I love the lamp. I love McLaren's, you know and I've been you know  And so, you know, I figured Tesla would get to a point in their technology and a big OEM would buy them. End of story. Like, why would you not do that? And Tesla had bad financials and they were borrowing money from the government. So, you know, I was like, so I, so my mom and dad, my stepfather is a very connected person in the government and in education. And they were doing some work with SpaceX and NASA and they had dinner with Elon. And my mom came back and said, you got to pay attention to this guy.  from like 30, and I think that one day it went up like it doubled or something like a day. I think it was like right after the S came out. An idiot me, of course I sold some. I'm like, it doubled in a day, like I'm no idiot, right? And I was on my way to a vacation or something. And I think I originally had 3,500 shares. So I had about $100,000 in Tesla and options at 30. Fuck, I wish I kept that. Sometimes I'm too smart for my own.  So we just kept, kept investing. And, but then when the model three started as a mass produced vehicle, I was like, if they can make this car, like it will sell forever, but they have to make it. And it turned out that was not so easy. This has been a really painful stock for me. Actually no, no. And I'm glad I've made a lot of money from it now because no part of that was easy. No part of it. So anybody who thinks that that this was just some sort of like walk in the park,  So we actually survived 18 pretty good. I thought 19 was going to be pretty good because they were scaling, but it didn't turn out that way. Scaling wasn't that easy. So, you know, everybody started shorting Tesla hard and a lot of big time players. And it's not like I ignore these people, you know, I'm like, geez, what am I missing? So whenever I think I'm missing something, I just work harder. You know, I'm like, I got to study what they're saying. And then I got to go figure out if it's true. And then I got to go figure out what's really going on. So I heard a lot of what the Tesla  like ironhorn and then the worst was when Steve Eisman from the big short came out short Tesla and Tesla starting a crater and I go home to my wife and I said, you know, honey, I think I'm screwed. Even the big short guy is betting against me. So, so, you know, I don't invest based off what other people could say. I invest off my own research. So I called Tesla and I said, listen, I want to see everything. I want to, I want to meet everybody and I want to  I literally went through every freaking inch of it all day long. I walked the entire Model 3 assembly line in the tent, every position. I looked at the car, talked about them. I looked at the machines. I talked to the random employees. And I walked out of there and I go, these fucking guys are wrong. This place is amazing. They're gonna kill it. They're gonna kill it. I've never seen a place like this, like the motivation level, the work ethic, the vision,  a genius, like off the charts. He was super motivated like Elon. He was relentless cost cutter, a relentless efficiency driver. And he was a truck guy. Um, but he wasn't from the tech side. He was from the manufacturing side. So I knew if anybody was going to save Tesla was Jerome and he's really the guy who deserves a lot of credit. And, uh, he put up the 10, he got model three up in 17 days and he's now a legend at Tesla. Um, and now he's running.  like, fuck this guy. And I was like, guys, he's crazy. I get that. But you can't invest with crazy people who are geniuses and expect normalcy. But I was getting pissed. So I fly back up to Tesla and Martin sets up. I go to autonomy day and it's me, Gene Munster and Gali and Tricia. I think her name is, what's her name? Tricia something at arc and and even  And I'm like, listen, I'm big on Twitter too. And I've gotten hammered for really dumb shit. I've said, you know, especially in the past, you know, I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I've been doing a lot of stuff. I  day. He keeps tweeting. Next day they raise money. They do the second, they do that, uh, convertible, uh, deal. And I was like, the fucking guy's a genius. He knew the whole time when we were grilling him, he was going to raise money the next day, you know? And, uh, and so we bought that convertible. It was like 2% convertible converted at 300 a share. So I got 2%. So we bought the hell out of that thing. I got a lot of these bonds cause I figured, you know, at least I'd get the gig of factory if he went bankrupt.  just a whole new level of success, you know, and especially full self-driving. So I'm a super bull still on Tesla. I'm a seller here. I'm not a buyer. I've taken profits. I have to. It's just prudent money management, especially for older clients that we have who had bigger positions in Tesla, because they had more money. For our young clients, we're keeping it because they have long-term time horizons. But like for myself, you know, I had a ton of it. It's like, you know,  You know, it's gotten real big and now it's so volatile. I just don't like, I've made money there so I have to take profits. I believe your only profit is what you report on your tax return, unlike Trump, right? So like for me, if I'm reporting losses, that means I lost money. So I'm okay paying taxes on gains if I make money. But I also try not to have more than tax returns.  Is that something where you're just saying, Hey, look, we think it's going to come back down and then can move for a long period of time. It'll continue to appreciate. It doesn't sound like you're arguing like the Tesla story is over or. No, no, the Tesla story isn't over at all. In fact, the Tesla story has just begun. Um, really, um, what it is for me is I still believe a company is actually a company. I run one. So when I opened my Wells Fargo account, for example, like there's cash that comes in and cash that goes out.  But at 500 times earnings, it's like somebody coming to GK right now and offering me, let's say 150 million for my firm. It's way more than what it's worth. And I would have to take it. That's economics, I guess you could say. And so you have to sell if somebody's gonna give you a ridiculous premium for your company. So maybe you don't sell all of it, but that's just smart.  I invested in Amazon late, I would say. And so I've made a lot of money on Amazon, but I missed Amazon. And part of it was I was like, when are they gonna make money? When are they gonna make money? They never make money. What kind of firm has a 0% profit margin, blah, blah, blah. And I didn't get Vasos' vision. And I didn't like selling crap. I was just like, they sell crap. He makes no margin. I didn't see it. But there was a point to that, because he was in hyper growth.  And same with Nvidia, actually. I think a few of the best stocks I've ever bought were extremely expensive when I bought them. And people thought it was a bad idea at my firm. And I did too, but I also didn't want to be out. And they've turned into like Shopify. I was late in Shopify and I made a fortune and I kicked myself daily. I didn't buy more because I knew how good they were, but it was too expensive. I mean, that was $100 a share.  So anything I'll buy Tesla under a thousand. Yeah, I know Jonas $10 a year ago 2000 today. Bye. Hi. Bye. Hi with Morgan Stanley. I like Jonas he he he tries so hard. He's just wrong constantly He's like now we figured out Tesla actually is really good at autonomy I'm like dude I was in my car on PCH trying full like the the autopilot on PCH which I think is the most challenging drive you could possibly want during summer  We may see JC Penney's sort of a pharmacist. I would do that right now. I would just shut whatever they were doing and say, we're going to make masks and vaccines. The government will give me 500 million stock rallies. You know, you got Portnoy or somebody will pump it and you're good to go. I love Dave. The Penney stock operators are like so happy. It's like it's never been so good for them. So you obviously, you know who the short sellers are or were. You spent time with them. You've heard their arguments. What do you think is the thing?  A lot of people bet against companies purely based on valuation. And I think that's a bad idea. It's just a bad idea. I can tell you a hundred stocks I think are overvalued. I don't bet against them. I just don't bet against stuff very often because the market's rigged to go up. And if you don't, I think Dave says that too. Stocks always go up. They don't always go up. I wish that was true, but it is rigged to go up theoretically. So in my mind, where the show is going,  And the SEC, you know, the other day he posted something that, you know, sucked whatever. And I was like dangerous, you know. And he was like, yes. And I'm like, Elon, please. So I emailed, you know, I.R. and I'm like, take his phone, run, run, dive in front of his phone. You know, like I tell Martin, no, really, there's a lot of behind the scenes, you know, like I'm like, run to his office, dive in front of his fingers, you know, like stop him. You can always tell what kind of mood Elon's in if you really follow his tweets, you know.  I am soft. No, seriously. And I push, you know, like, but we have millennials here, you know, God, if I, you know, trust me, like the way I would be doing things the way I used to, they would all quit. They would all quit. You know, now we have like snack bars and stuff, you know, we have like, like quiet time. We have like sing-alongs. We have to, we have to, you know, the millennials need it, but they're doing great. They're doing good. I have had to adjust.  are the same things. So I see the best in people. Like I see what I, you know, I train people, like I manage people and I love people and I see the best in people. But I also see something a lot of times they don't see, you know, and so then it's like I push them to be what they can be. But that process is painful for some people. It's kind of like the military, you know, like I trained a little bit like the military. I studied the military extensively. My dad's been in the military his whole life and on and on.  training program to take the socialist millennials that we get and turn them into fierce capitalists. And we do this over time. So we really have a very, we might write a book about this, you know, like I've been, I started a millennial management book and I stopped because I just didn't have time, but you know, but we have ridiculous things we do here to keep people motivated and they totally work. What's the craziest thing? What we're doing right now. Every year we have the GKK  people work in LA. It's like perfect out right now. So we had a contest and they go head to head like they have the groups and they go head to head. We set all these random criterias, you know, a performance related thing metrics, and then they compete all summer long to win really just getting their name on the cup. But they care so much about getting their name on the cup. Now the best part is is there's a tie. We do real penalty kicks with a real ball in a real goal. Okay.  kicking the soccer ball. But it's super fun and everybody gets into it and our production just goes through the roof. Like if I just said, I'm gonna give $1,000 to the guy who's the best, you know, they just, they don't care. They don't care about money. Speaking of money, Bitcoin, you were converted a while ago by Brock Pierce. And Roger Ver. What has your journey been with Bitcoin?  and attack for my Bitcoin before and it's a nightmare. I had a 2FA attack, by the way, lock your SIM card everybody. Boy, nightmare if they get your phone and they can get your phone easily. So lock your SIM card. But like, first of all, exchanges offer no protection. So Coinbase, major firm, how am I gonna put a million dollars in Bitcoin when it can just disappear and I have no protection? The exchanges certainly don't help you. You can't recover anything.  If you read, there's this great book about the Vingle Voss twins, Ben Mizrahi, who I love, wrote this book, billionaire, Bitcoin billionaires, highly recommend it. And they go through this part about how they secured all their Bitcoin and the process they had to go through to make it secure. And it's absurd. It's absurd. So if you're going to have a million dollars in Bitcoin, I can't even tell you how much effort it is just to keep that safe, where you can just give me a million dollars and nothing can happen to it.  I still can't. I still can't. So I think this needs to be solved. If these two things are solved, Bitcoin goes up forever. What is your thought process in terms of maybe not price prediction, but in terms of is Bitcoin eventually the next global reserve currency? Is it something? It already is. Explain. Well, like, so the genius of Bitcoin, right? So the genius of Bitcoin was like gold, it has a finite amount of Bitcoin. And so the mind, the longer you mine the coins,  they found a lot of it and they were like, this isn't that hard, not worth that much then. So Bitcoin has the ability to just like gold to go up forever. So my whole theory about money, actually I was gonna write about this because now the government's printing money so fast that I don't even believe in the dollar anymore. I just don't even believe in cash anymore. So there's no value to holding cash because it's being printed so fast  was able to deal with larger institutional investors, it would be worth $50,000. But until I can buy, like I have clients who want to buy Bitcoin and I say I can't do it for you, A, I can't, B, like you want to buy 50,000 more, you know, I do trades at like 50,000, 100,000, I can't do that with Bitcoin. It's just too hard. Just trying to buy 100,000 in Bitcoin, you know, it's like a penny stock. Well, and I think part of the biggest obstacle for you is just the fiduciary duty of  What?