 All right guys, bang bang super excited. Tom is here. What's going on, man? Thank you so much for doing this. Yeah, it's great. Good to be on here. Absolutely. All right. So everyone obviously knows that you are a author of Billy Dollar Whale. Let's talk a little bit about kind of your background before you wrote the book. Where did you grow up and kind of what did you do before you wrote that book? Well, I grew up in the UK.  allure to go to Asia in general. What brought you there and then why stay? I think as a kid I'd read Marco Polo and I'd seen the film The Killing Fields, which I don't know if you guys know, it's a big film in America, but it's about Cambodia. I had this sort of dream to be a journalist from very, very young because of those kinds of things. Apocalypse Now, films like that. By the time I got here, which was the mid-90s, it was more like the end. It was a big massive  What was the first interaction you had with this story?  involved with one of the companies that was involved in the fraud, which we can get into later about how all this happened. And those email servers sort of laid out some of the ways in which Jolla had stolen some of his early money. And that was really the first time that people realized what a huge fraud was going on here. But it was only like a very, those emails only painted a tiny, shone a tiny light onto a tiny part of this fraud, which then took years to investigate.  in the US. He went to, he went to Eton in the UK, or Harrow, sorry, I should say. And what he was able to do was meet the kids. He was from a fairly well-to-do family himself, a Malaysian business family, Chinese Malaysians. But he was able to meet all these extremely powerful, the kids of extremely powerful families, including the kid of, the child of Najib Ransack, who would become Malaysia's prime minister. What Jolo does, he goes to Wharton, he does, he gets an economics degree, or a business degree.  So when Naji Brasek becomes the Prime Minister in 2009, or 2008, 2009, Jolo is his sort of right-hand man, and he's only this 28-year-old guy with no, who's never really held down a proper job, and he persuades the Prime Minister to set up this fund called 1MDB. Now, this is after the great financial crisis in the US and in Europe. There's a lot of money looking to invest in Asia at that time, and they set up this fund. They raise billions of dollars.  to look very, very similar to a Middle Eastern funds name, but obviously it's not. And so he kind of socially engineers to some degree, whether intentionally or just by accident, a lot of trust in the system and billions and billions of dollars that you mentioned kind of flow to him. Any kind of idea in terms of like, was that something where people were literally just ignorant and kind of almost just being dumb and overlooking it, or was there some intentionality there where people kind of knew what was going on  that looks like IPIC, but it's in the BVI, it's the British Virgin Islands Shell Company. Now, of course, you couldn't do that without the connivance of the person who was really running IPIC, which was a guy called Karim Al-Kabesi. So it's insanely corrupt. You've got, on the Malaysian side, you've got the prime minister who's involved in this, right? So you have the cover on the Malaysian side, Jolo's running this fund. And on the other side, on the Arab side, you have Karim Al-Kabesi, who's running a multi-billion dollar fund, huge fund. It had invested in  banks like Wells Fargo, which were involved or you know, Goldman itself. And what billion dollar well shows is that every step of the way, they did not, nobody caught this stuff. And your question was it willful? Was it, you know, everyone was making a lot of money. And so maybe some, sometimes it was people had the whirlpool over their eyes, but at others it was willful ignorance to make cash and make bonuses. Yeah. And the part to me, if I understand correctly is the billions of dollars are raised by Goldman for the bonds. They made about $600 million.  everyone at Goldman know that the money was going to be stolen? No, I don't think that is the case. But there were huge red flags that at every stage of the way were missed. So Goldman is saying this guy Tim Leisner, the former partner was a rogue banker. Okay, that's their defense. But I think it's not as simple as that. I think a lot of people at Goldman knew that there were problems here. For example, the fund in Malaysia asked, they raised $3 billion bond, and they asked for it to be put into a Swiss bank account that the fund had. Now, why would a sovereign fund  Google search couldn't, and he was claiming it's family money. But if you did a Google search, you couldn't find any mention of him, right? And so the fact that all these transactions went through is just astounding. Yeah. And so when you say that they raised these bonds, where did that money come from? Is this institutions buying into the bonds? Is this retail investors? Where are the billions of dollars to kind of originally flowing from? Yeah. I mean, like I said earlier, this is post financial crisis. There's a lot, there's obviously low interest rates, negative interest rates.  And of course they also yielded extremely high numbers because of the way that Goldman and the one MBB structured it.  of Wall Street with Leonardo DiCaprio and they made Daddy's Home and Dumb and Dumber 2 and a bunch of other films. So you're talking a little bit about how do we uncover all of this. Well, we actually got hold of the email server of Red Granite Pictures and in there were all the cell phone numbers of all the Hollywood stars and we also then noticed that there were lots of playboy playmates in there, the scores of them. And so we just set to doing traditional reporting, which is just calling the numbers and asking to speak to people. So we spoke to, we called  with the playmates. And that was Jolo's MO, right? He'd stolen all his money. He was probably one of the most liquid cash guys in the world because he didn't have a real business. He just had the money and he wanted to go and make films. And so he was courting to Caprio, telling him, we'll give you hundreds of millions of dollars to make your next four films with Scorsese. They were going to make The Irishman before all this blew up. And that was how he operated. And he would spend money like nobody's business, right?  So, I mean, DiCaprio was given lots of gifts from Jolo Picasso paintings and that kind of thing, but there's no idea that these guys knew that he was for fraud. And they gave back these gifts in the end. But I think if you're in Hollywood, you're used to people with a lot of money coming by and financing your film and you don't necessarily question where they come from, right? And there were all these rumors about Jolo at the time. Is he an arms dealer? Is he a friend of the prime minister? But I think it was, there was a sort of Orientalism here. You're able to say, okay, this guy's just out in Asia. Yeah, there's a lot of money  are a little embarrassed and maybe like, I got duped a little bit? Or was it something where they kind of throw their hands up and say, look, we had no clue, we never asked and I don't care. I just had a good time and moved on with my life. Well, you have to say you got duped because if you didn't get duped, you were complicit, right? So, I mean, everyone says they got duped or they just didn't realize. I mean, there's another scene in Billion Dollar Whale where Jordan Belford, who of course is the real Wolf of Wall Street, is on set. He's not on set. So he's at this launch party in the Cannes Film Festival that they put on to say,  and gave her jewelry worth $8 million. She also, she was with him for about a year and she also says, look, I didn't know the true story about this guy. I think people just, they saw her money banks and they didn't bother to ask any questions. That's all I can say about it. Yeah, I looked before we did this at some of the assets that were reported as, so the new information that came out and I was shocked.  around the curse perspex, perspex piano that they cannot get out of her Malibu home because they built walls around it. I love that story. So what we should say is in 2016, the Department of Justice in the US moved to seize all these assets, right? So what happens in the, if you, obviously fraudsters from around the world like to spend their money in the US because you can get bang for your buck. You can buy a hundred million dollar apartment on Central Park and that kind of thing. And they like living there as well. And so Jolo bought, for example, an apartment in the Time Warner Center in Columbus Circle.  Tom Ford, the maker of James Bond suits. And he bought the Central, he bought the Park Lane Hotel, the big hotel on Central Park South. So he was, he was setting himself, he became a, he became the Asia president of EMI music publishing and he was involved in that investment too. So he was, he was really trying to become a real investor and a real billionaire, you know, even though the whole thing was a sham. It's almost like if I can steal some money to get started, then I can go and try to become legitimate at some, you know, former fashion.  look, I mean we just did a very beginning, they said we were just the banker, we just did a normal job raising money, we had no idea whether, excuse me, I just need to drink. Got a bit of a sniffle. Not COVID, don't worry. They said, look, we could not possibly have known where, that this was fraud, we just raised the money, okay. But then it transpired that the main banker on the deal, Tim Leisner, a German national who was a partner and a very senior guy who was actually  to say nothing had happened. And then they said, well, look, this was a rogue banker. This guy and another guy called Roger Ahm who's also been arrested, who was a Malaysian banker at Goldman. So they said, look, Lloyd Blankfein wasn't involved. Gary Cohen, who was the number two at Goldman at the time, who went on to be Trump's economic advisor. These guys weren't involved. But then Malaysia in late 2018, they actually filed criminal charges against a number of Goldman bankers, senior executives.  They paid 500 million for the whole subprime. You remember Abacus, all of that stuff. Only 500 million, but like a fifth. And this is only just starting. So I don't think people quite realize how, I mean, the book's done well, right? We saw quite a few copies of it and people like yourself know the story, but I think people don't realize the size of this fraud and the implications of it. And when I think, you know, we're hearing, you could be as early as next week that a Goldman settled in the US and that's, there's going to be even sort of higher fines.  assets and why is the media reporting a $3.9 billion settlement with Malaysia, but only $2.5 billion in cash? Well, the Malaysian government was under a huge pressure to come up with a huge number because they've got a show that there. And what's Goldman is doing is paying $2.5 billion in cash and then there's $1.4 billion of assets, these assets that the US has seized, which includes, you know, Jolo's apartment in Columbus Circle in the Time Warner building, those kind of things. The initial lawsuits in the US were US versus  I don't really see that as a cost to Goldman. I mean, I could be wrong. Maybe the assets will come in at only 700, you know, or 70% of what that 1.4 billion, right? But I just think it's unlikely. I mean, it's just a sort of a financial engineering thing, I think. Yeah. And so in exchange for this kind of $2.5 billion in cash and then the guarantee on the assets, it sounds like Malaysia has agreed to basically drop all charges criminally against Goldman as an organization.  But Tim Leisner has pleaded guilty and he's been cooperating. And so his sentencing should, I mean, it's been postponed a number of times since last summer, but everyone's waiting to see what happens there because, I mean, I can't imagine his cooperation was that useful because it's not as if they've rounded up and charged a bunch of other Goldman bankers, right? So, you know, like Goldman's argument that this was a rogue is, I guess, partly true. But the point is, there were a lot of other people that knew they were red flags, because, you know, in the emails that we've seen, for example, they all talk about  But for an individual to kind of turn over $40 million, one, that's what supposedly or he's allegedly earned from doing these deals. So as a personal income, like pretty big number. And then to actually turn around and give it back as part of these pleading guilty, whatever. What is interesting though, you mentioned the $500 million that Goldman paid during the global financial crisis, and now you've got 2.5 billion here. But the global financial crisis also, I don't, definitely nobody at Goldman that I know of was arrested. I don't think kind of anyone  I mean, the Hollywood angles already let it jump over a little bit to that audience. But and I think when a Goldman Banker, a partner is sentenced to jail, if that happens, which I can't see, I mean, I would be surprised if there was any other outcome that's going to generate a lot of headlines because like you said, after the financial crisis, nobody did. Well, I think there was one banker from Credit Suisse who went to jail. And I think that was it. Really wasn't there really wasn't very much. You remember Fabulous Fab, who was the Goldman Banker, who was  story earlier this year that they had agreed in principle to plead guilty at the Singapore unit level, which is, which fits their rogue narrative narrative, their rogue banker narrative, right, which is it all happened under Tim Leissner in the Singapore office. Whereas I think a lot of people at DOJ want to have Goldman plead guilty at the firm level. So that's that's a really important thing to watch. What is the difference there, right? Obviously, it's kind of the whole company versus a single office. But kind of what are the  So it's a huge question whether it's firm wide or whether it's only at the Singapore unit because if it's firm wide, then the very top dogs at the bank have to admit their role in it or that they failed in their oversight. Lloyd Blankfein met Jolo at least on two occasions, I believe, in New York in Goldman headquarters on one occasion. You don't get to see Lloyd Blankfein unless you're vetted. And I think he met him with Natchez at one point.  They were Goldman bankers in the Middle East, a guy called Hasem Shalki who continued to do deals with Jolo with compliance telling him, look, you've got to keep Jolo. You can't do the deal directly with Jolo. Jolo has to be on the other side. And they did these investment deals. It's a very complicated story. But the point is, they knew Jolo was there. They knew they had questions about Jolo, but they did all this business anyway because the fees were just so, so, so high, right? Yeah. Capitalism drives a, drives a big deal.  that they would put on Goldman. And I said the US would put a fine of 2 billion. And very senior Goldman executives phoned up the Wall Street Journal and complained at that time, right? That this was like, you know, and the yardstick then was, well, JP Morgan had been fined 2 billion for Bernie Madoff's accounts, which they had failed to signal the red flags, right? This is all done under the Bank Secrecy Act. It's not a criminal matter. This is, you know, you're fined for failing to see red flags and act upon them and tell authorities.  I read the book Black Edge, which is about Steve Cohen and SAC Capital. This situation seems very similar in that, you know, there's almost this like weird negotiation. I think that kind of the average person hears, oh, there's law enforcement involved at, you know, whether it's the federal level or whatever. Hey, they're just going to say, you're in trouble, you know, here's your charges, go to court and basically you get whatever judgment you get, right? But here there is very much this negotiation, like you talked about when lawyers are going in and kind of they have the, here's what we're willing to do, here's what we're willing to do.  So the question is, why has there not already been a settlement? These stories started coming out in 2015. The Civil Department of Justice attempts to take the assets started in 2016. We're now in 2020. So I have huge questions about, I mean, our book came out almost two years ago. I think the broad contours of this have been known for a while, right? And so why has there not been a settlement  on every other level, you know, is it true that Goldman didn't know that there were red flags here? I mean, demonstrably not, because their own compliance department, you know, knew that there was problems opening an account for him. So, yeah, Goldman is obviously an extremely powerful institution and has been able to sort of stretch this out over a long period of time. Yeah, it's obviously a very, very complex situation. I want to talk a little bit about your process in writing the book.  who's the co-author of the book, my great friend, he was called up by one of our sources who was close to the Malaysian Prime Minister and told, look, the Malaysian Prime Minister is thinking of arresting Tom in Malaysia and he should really get out of the country. And it was framed as a positive friendly advice, but actually it was this person we later found out was in cahoots with the Prime Minister. And so things like that, just trying to stop us reporting on the ground. A lot of legal threats, crazy number of legal threats. So for example,  that you organized all of Jolo's parties over a long multi-year period and were paid a lot of money to do so. And so it was very stressful at that time because we were fact checking. In the book, it's almost 400 page book and there's an allegation on almost every page and so we checked with every single person. I think at one point, the prologue of the book is this big party we mentioned. You called it an aircraft hangar, it almost looked like an aircraft hangar. We talked to every single person who was supposed to be there, so at one point I think we called it  because why would a bookshop, I mean, it's the writer of the book, we should get the defamation suit. But it was all just a tactic to scare people not to have the book. And it's what's called the Streisand effect, which is when Barbara Streisand tried to stop people posting her photos and everyone ended up looking at them, right? The book just got like much more attention because of all that. So none of it were, but the truth comes out eventually. It's literally like the perfect book to write, right? I mean, you've got financial fraud, billions of dollars, a bunch of famous people, very powerful people. I mean, just literally, you know, it kind of sells itself to some degree.  And we should talk about where Jolo is, by the way. So one of my questions is going to be where do you think he is? Well, I mean, well, we knew he was in China at one point. So we should say that the lawsuits, the civil lawsuits 2016 in the US and then in 2018, the US and Malaysia both file criminal charges against Jolo. And at the same time, the Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak loses power in an election in Malaysia and he's arrested. And I think his Najib's verdict, by the way, might come out today.  to fill some of the holes. And he uses a friend in Kuwait who's the former prime minister's son, excuse me, and he's able to sort of keep doing deals. And China has not said anything about it, but we got minutes of a meeting. We know that Jolo's protector in China at one point was a guy called Sun Lijun, who was head of the domestic security forces. That guy has just been arrested for corruption in China.  general ideas just in China somewhere?  right? Because they want to control him. Yeah, absolutely. And it's the thought process when you say he's got control over money. Is that something that is just nobody really understands, but he's obviously paying some of these bills that we know are expensive? Or is it something where we think he's literally walking around with duffel bags of cash? Or kind of how do you think that somebody who is really this like international wanted man, still has control over money and can kind of do some things? Well, he moved money into Chinese Yuan, for sure, because  bigger and bigger player in the global economy. And so you can do stuff with your own and it's not, you know, it's to a degree a bit more internationalized than it used to be, even though they still have a closed capital account, right? So that's, I think, how he's operating. But it's incredible to me. The big question I have is, Cobra and Kim, right, his lawyers, they're a big law firm, shillings in the UK. They're getting paid money. They, Cobra and Kim had to file a form, a FARRA form, which is to show to the US government that they're lobbying  try to stop a book being published, like a billion dollar whale. I mean, then I have questions about how are those lawyers proving that the money was not tainted? Extremely, extremely interesting situation. Yeah, the part to me that I think just blows my mind is you've got a guy who it almost seems in some weird way has a very tainted reputation, but has become emboldened after the scam was uncovered. Like you almost get like one of these weird things where  on the shores of Lake Gugano in a luxurious villa. And I think Jolo sort of saw this guy as his model in a way. And Rich was pardoned by Bill Clinton on his last day in office. And so I think Jolo really saw that as his endgame to get a sort of a pardon. And as I said, the story is super complicated, but making it even more complicated, the party of Naji Brasek, the former prime minister who's been arrested, is now coming back to power in Malaysia.  It's a fluid situation. Yeah, absolutely. In terms of writing the book, were there any kind of really crazy stories that didn't make it into the book or things that you guys wanted to write about, but you just couldn't get confirmation or anything like that? There was one thing we didn't put in, which subsequently the New York Post has reported, which was Kim Kardashian was given a white and Chris, what was her husband called? Chris Hudson? A former husband. Humphreys. Chris Humphreys.  back to the US government or not, or whether Tim Kardashian still has that car. I mean, the story is every single time you hear one of these, right? It's just like so crazy how entrenched he was into US politics, culture, kind of business. I mean, he literally was able to infiltrate everything. Well, we haven't even talked about how we tried to infiltrate the White House. We tried to do with Obama the same thing he had done with, you know, the Malaysian prime minister, the powers of being in the Middle East. He actually met Obama once.  Yeah, this is a generational thing. Pras Michelle was the the rapper from the Fugees, you know, the Lauren Hill group. So Pras Michelle, he literally opens our book, became a really good friend of Jolo's. And he he illegally, well, allegedly illegally contributed to the Obama reelection campaign, because of course, foreigners are not allowed to contribute into US politics. But Jolo used Pras Michelle as a straw man allegedly to pay to put money into a super PAC for Obama's reelection campaign.  when people have money to just throw around, $300 million is crazy. And I think there's a story at one point there in somewhere in Europe, maybe, maybe a Visa or something, and they're like at a club and he's basically just spending, you know, a million, 2 million bucks at the club on a single night. You're just like, look, you know, you start doing the math. That's a lot of bottles or that's, you know, a lot of really expensive bottles of alcohol to spend $2 million in a club in a single night. Well, yeah, that was, you're referring to a, he got into a back, a champagne bag.  they go to Las Vegas and you know Jamie Foxx is in the plane and Swiss beats is in the plane and there's all these photos on Instagram you know of them just have buckets of crystal everywhere yeah I think people are kind of sick of this absolutely insane talk to me a little bit just about you wrote this book went super deep on on this specific fraud and kind of really unpacked like how a fraud comes together how it gets enabled and kind of what the money you know what  fishing boats and they took out a two billion dollar loan with via credit source and some other banks and a couple of credit source bankers have been charged I think for it is very similar thing you know huge loans from the market, a country without rule of law on one side and that's you know that's a big problem. I mean look I talked to my Goldman friends and they say you can't get it's hard to get deals through now because you've got to go through extra stringent procedures at the capital commitments committee and all of this.  you know, if you're doing deals in China right now with Chinese companies, how do you know? Sometimes you don't even know who owns a Chinese company. It might claim to be private, maybe the government's behind it. And so it's very hard to do the kind of due diligence you need to do to stop these thoughts happening. And you could argue that just part of the way, you know, capitalism works, you need, it'll happen. And, but you need, you need open markets. You need, you need this for the, for the, for the way our world works, but you need to also have regulators who crack down on it. I think that's the key.  to your point, I think that the more traditional corporate fraud of just, hey, I said I have X number in revenue, but I didn't, almost has been, we've been desensitized to some degree to that. It's this type of stuff now where people are, they're still blown away when they see somebody got hold of six or $7 billion in cash and then went and literally blew it across the world with the rich and famous in the world. Well, I mean, yes, I think you made a great point. I mean, I listened to the We Crashed podcast about WeWork, right? And I'm like, well, no one's saying Adam Newman did anything.