 All right, guys, bang, bang. He's back. Zuby, what's up, man? How's it going, bro? I'm good, man. All right. The first time that we did is we did it in New York on your epic trip around America. We're just joking that Zuby, you'd never been to the U.S., came for a number of weeks and literally went to every single American city. I think met all 330 million Americans while you're here. Yeah. So I  White House. I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was like, wait, what is going on right now? Yeah, man. That's the that's the power of Twitter right there. People tell me that Twitter is useless. And I'm like, man, you just you just don't know how to use it. Tell us the story. How did you get into the White House? I tweeted on a couple of days before saying, can anyone get me into the White House? And then I got two invitations. There's people who work there who follow me on Twitter. I didn't even know that. Yeah, I've got fans in the White House. When I was in the White House, I got recognized.  in the US.  like  like all of this is made possible by this idea of like an individual creator, right? So you recently had this tweet that said, I've never signed with a record label, never had a manager nor agent, but I've gained 450 plus thousand followers, 10 million plus video views, sold 25,000 plus albums, 2,500 plus books, six figures in merchandise and performed in eight countries. Screw the gatekeepers, do it yourself. Which like, of course everyone on the internet loves, right? It's just like the ultimate like middle finger to the man. But just talk a little bit about  with a viral tweet and it's like, no. I mean, even on Twitter, I've been on Twitter for since 2009. I've been on Facebook since 2004. I've been using these things for a long time. I've been going out there. I've put out eight albums and EPs. I've been every city in the UK, done loads of tours and stuff. Just been grinding and hustling. And I was doing it all before it was cool. In the music world now, it's sort of cool to be perceived as an independent artist. But when I started out, it wasn't cool. Everyone wanted to, people wanted to get signed. Everyone wanted to be with a label. You know, it was then it was, you know, unsigned or signed.  me that tend to be people who don't know that much about the music industry and the ins and outs. People who know about the music industry tend to intuitively understand why someone may not want to take that route. It's just a very shady industry in a lot of ways. I don't know how many thousands of artists have been screwed over by signing bad deals and just getting caught up in things that they have no control over. I never wanted that to be me. I also realized with the tools available, with the internet, with the ability to  I just did it and that's what I do like I don't ask for permission to do things that I want to do and a lot of people seem to be sitting around waiting for some kind of approval or Permission or something recognition something like that and I'm always trying to tell people like you don't you don't need that all right You don't need permission to start a podcast You don't need permission to start a YouTube channel to release an album to make a book whatever just just create it and then you can also find the audience  that the legacy system can do in terms of marketing. And it may be a shitty book, but it ends up actually being successful, right? Because they just put a lot of dollars behind it, whatever. When you're doing stuff yourself, is the music good and people like it or they don't? The book's good or it's not, right? And so it really is kind of, it lives on its own to some degree. And so does that apply more pressure, do you think? Or is it actually kind of freeing understanding that like the value you create is ultimately going to be determined by the audience?  And that's fine, right? Not everything needs to be a blockbuster. It's not like, you know, in a lot of the mainstream industries, especially in entertainment, right? They're reliant on blockbusters. So I think that the majority of movies that Hollywood puts out lose money, but then they make it back up with interest on the ones that are super successful. Same goes with a lot of record labels and things like that. That's why they care so much about first week sales and second week sales. Like to me, that's, yeah.  out. You get this with some people who want to start things but they never do it because they're worried that they don't have all the information or it's not going to be perfect or they're worried about people judging them etc. And I'm always trying to just give people that push of like look just just do it put it out there and at the worst no one's gonna care because no one sees it. But even if you get a little bit of negative feedback or whatever it's like cool just keep it moving like you can keep improving and you can you will grow and develop over time because you get better at things by by  just  And I'm away now, 18 years later. So I wasn't just sort of born jacked or with a six pack or anything. It's like a lot of work has gone into it. But once someone reaches that level, it looks, it looks like luck or just innate talent. When oftentimes there's a crazy amount of hard work that's gone into it. Yeah. And one of the things that, uh, if you take podcasts, for example, or any sort of creative endeavor where you're putting content out, uh, a lot of people will are willing to work hard for a month or  stay with something for a long period of time. And you've done that over and over and over again. So where do you think that comes from? It's because I know why I do it. And beyond that, I enjoy it. Those two things. So I've got a very clear vision. I mean, my goal in life is to have a positive impact on over 10 million people through my words and my actions and, you know, 10 million people on an ongoing basis. I want to have like 10 million people I can consider fans. And so that drives everything. It drives my music. It drives my podcast.  I don't know exactly where that sort of innately comes from wanting to have such a such an impact on the world. But I know that that's what motivates and drives me. So it's very easy, well, relatively easy for me to get over any obstacles or difficulties. And I look up at them. I mean, I will left. I left my full time job in November 2011. So I've been full time self employed since almost nine years now. And I used to be a management consultant and I literally quit being a management consultant.  done that or whatever. I've got friends and family, you know, investment banking or you know, you could do this. There's all these options and it was like, you know, I want to be a rapper. Like this is this is what I want to do. And I know I can't reach this goal of impacting millions of people doing what I was doing before. Right. If I'd stayed in that career line, you wouldn't know who I am. That White House trip wouldn't have happened. I would have never been on Joe Rogan. I would have never had all these cool opportunities to do what I'm doing now and impact all these people I'm impacting now. So for me personally, that's what drives me. And also the thing  Those are things that go against the consensus. And so how do you kind of get comfortable doing that and kind of what was the impetus for you to say, look, I'm just going to be super transparent and kind of honest with people regardless of how the audience feels. Yeah, sure. So you get used to doing it by practice, just like everything again, another gym analogy, right? You put in you put in the reps, you put in the sets, you you keep doing sessions and the first time you walk in the gym, you probably can't, you know, deadlift 500 pounds or bench press.  So you can imagine to sell that many albums how many people you need to actually speak to and engage with so I Developed a really really really thick skin over those years right and anyone who's ever done direct sales Or direct promotions you do develop a thick skin because you know you deal with constant rejection You deal with people being rude people not understanding what you're doing people not caring about what you're doing So when it comes to online stuff, I'm like man, whatever, you know people are like, oh, how do you what if you tweet something and someone gets angry? I'm like you think I care like I  And this is interesting as well because I didn't used to do that. I used to keep my views and opinions, especially on anything, I used to keep it very, very private. And I just have these conversations with friends and family in private. And the reason I actually stepped out of there, which is not something a lot of people know, it's because in 2018, there was actually a situation that sort of happened, which just made me realize how far things were going in a certain direction. And I just thought, okay, I need to do this.  the more refreshing people find it to just have individuals out there who are just willing to have conversations and share their honest thoughts and not be wanting to, I don't know, silence people or just sort of fit in these weird boxes that people think they're going to be in or whatever. And again, you get this a lot in music and entertainment. I mean, it seems like every single person in music has the exact same views on everything, which is quite a clear sign that somebody's lying.  not to be beholden to, you know, I mean, I don't know. I imagine if I was signed to a label or if I had a manager or something, they'd probably be calling me three times a day asking me to like delete tweets and social media posts and delete that one, delete that one. I'm like, no, like that's that's what I think. That's what I feel. But I feel like that that's the power of what you've built, right? It is. I joke all the time and I say that like these will call them personal media companies, you call independent artists, you call it whatever it is.  And so it feels like that is something that more and more people are figuring out. You figured it out a decade ago and have kind of spent time building it. But maybe talk a little bit about how you've seen those times where you have tweeted something that some people take as controversial or they disagree with and kind of how they interact with you that might be different than what's going on in the world. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of see how you're doing. And then you can kind of  Of course, but when you're reaching so many people and so many of them are outside of your sort of sphere of your your fan base or your follower base, etc Of course, you get the negativity you get the misunderstanding you get insults, etc. But like I said, I mean You know, I don't really I know why I do what I do and I know why I say what I say and so the thing I can't deal with is being is feeling like I'm being  The opinions that I care about are people who I care about the opinions of people who know me right like someone who knows me right if my If one of my siblings or like my parents or something was like oh, you know That's a you know checks me on something or critters critical is something like I'm a lot more. I'm like, okay I'm gonna listen I won't always agree, but I'll listen because it's like okay This is someone who actually knows me and they're giving this perspective from a place of love and I know that or even if it's uh, you know my fans and my supporters if I put out a I don't know if I put something out and like my actual fans are actually  has never met you and doesn't know anything about you or whatever. Like, you know, you don't wish them any, any negative or any harm or whatever. It's like, okay, you don't, you don't know me. So it doesn't really matter. But then someone close to you who you know, it's like, okay, well, I care about your opinion. And I also don't want to hurt your feelings, etc. So there's more of a relationship there. So that's kind of how, that's kind of how I view it. So you are one of a very few independent thinkers on the internet at this point. There's kind of this pursuit of consensus over truth, which is, you and I  I think the narrative is that they haven't handled this very well. And you get that from different angles, right? You have the people who think there should have been more lockdowns and things should have been, people should have just grabbed the reins of control and forced people to wear a mask and forced lockdowns and instituted fines and stuff. And then you have the people who are more libertarian minded, who are like the lockdown was a disaster, destroyed the economy unnecessarily for a virus with a 99.9% survival rate. It didn't make sense to do this, to make all these people unemployed, et cetera.  people forming teams tribalism, etc. We've seen all of this play out so much over the past few months and I think that there are there are some things that are really really obvious when it comes to The whole pandemic situation and the response to it that no one Wants to even be honest about and I can understand why certain people don't want to be honest about I think one of those things is that Nobody nobody had a freaking clue Right. No, no one  The goal post, they said flat in the curve and then we flattened the curve, right? Just a couple of weeks to slow the spread. That's how they got everybody to comply. That was months ago now, but the gyms are still closed. The churches are still closed, et cetera. They just keep moving the goal posts and no one wants to admit, okay, we didn't know what was going on and no one wants to admit, okay, perhaps we overreacted and you know, this wasn't as bad as we thought it would be at the beginning. They were saying the death rate could be 3% to 5%. Now it turns out  still pretending that, you know, children are just as at risk as 80 year olds, which is not true. They're trying to pretend that people like yourself and myself are just as at risk and need to take the same precautions as people in nursing homes, which we know is not true. We know so many things, but no one, because so many mistakes have been made and everyone's trying to score political points and do this and do that. I mean, even when it comes to the medical advice, even when it comes to the so-called experts, how many times have the experts been wrong, right? There are no experts,  win. And that's the that's kind of the problem. And so I don't talk about the pandemic a lot because it just gets people people just get so freaked out and amped up. And I mean, you were asking before the call, like what the situation is like where I live. And I was saying that the you know, the amount of cases and stuff throughout this whole thing has been, you know, been very low and it's not an I don't live in an area that's been heavily impacted. I live by myself. I don't like I have been socially distancing for a while.  No, people aren't even social distancing. No, it's like, well, it's not a heavily affected area. So the precautions here are not going to be the same as in New York City or even in London, et cetera. But the mask itself has even become like a tribal symbol. It's become a political, it's become politicized. Now it's, you know, if you don't wear a mask, you're a bad person and you know, we must force these people. The whole thing is just, it's just become farcical at this point. You know, I think it's, I've just kind of removed myself from the conversation and it's just like, look, I'm just going to use common sense.  people who are emerging, right? And I put yourself, myself in this, it's just like, it's common sense, right? You keep using that terminology, but like, that's ultimately what it ends up being. It's like, look, you know, I joked, I sent this tweet before and I was like, you can basically believe that like, police brutality exists, racism exists. You know, the virus is bad, but doesn't affect everyone equally. And like, I went to like all the nuances, right? And you can actually believe this position. And this ties like everyone together in a common sense perspective. And you get people who are literally, you know, again, they act like you're  So like it kind of feels like the extremes of the political spectrum or the way that this information is talked about, they have a head start, right? They've been doing this for years and years and years. Now all of a sudden there's this like common sense group that they're saying, hey, wait a second. Like I'm not cool with either one of those extremes. Like find me in the center, find me with common sense. And like that group is actually building in size now. Yeah, definitely. I mean, I think a lot of people want, look, it's, it's natural and it's human to seek approval of others and it's also not  good person. And then you can also admonish people who and demonize people who didn't post the black square, right? I had white women unfollowing me on to on Instagram, because I didn't post a black square. So like, you know, despite me, you're racist, Zuby. You're so racist. Yeah, it should be kind of obvious that I agree with that, you know, my life matters and those of my family, etc. And I don't need to post a black square on Instagram to sort of signal to the rest of the world that I believe that and I don't like the sort of  So I think yeah, that's what's happening. It's very performative. It's people wanting to fit in with their tribe and signal to their tribe. It's people wanting to, you know, show that they are virtuous citizens and that they're behaving well. Not only are they behaving well, but other people are behaving poorly. So I'm going to point out, I'm going to, you know, you're getting a lot of seeing a lot of these videos of people running around with their cameras and, you know, shaming people for not wearing masks or trying to shame people for this or that. And I'm just like, this is really,  But people don't want to do that. And once someone is dug into a position, then there's that sort of sunk cost fallacy where they feel like they need to just keep doubling down and doubling down and doubling down. No one wants to just admit and say, okay, you know, like with this whole virus thing, like, you know, it's been, it's been bad and it's been very bad in certain areas, but it's also true, right? That can be true. And it can also be true that in many ways and in many places, the reaction was very, was very,  suggest overall that seems like the chance of someone, a random person dying if they catch this virus, is less, I believe it's under 99, their survival rate I think is over 99.9%. This doesn't mean that you want those 0.01% to die, but for 52 million people in one country to lose their  neither of those was, those weren't the true positions. It's like, you can, you can have a response that is moderated and is not necessarily one size fits all. And you can keep the economy going. Cause you have to remember when, I think when people think of economy, a lot of people think of like the stock market or they think of some trials. I know the economy is people like I'm the economy. You're the economy. If no one is working, then nothing, like everything stops working. Um, you'll look, you'll look at that.  to me because it basically is showing that the economy in terms of running, those are the people who are most kind of susceptible to the virus are also the people who get majority, if not, you know, almost 100% of their livelihood coming from the government. Right. So whether the economy is open or closed, they're still getting financial kind of benefit. It's everyone who is basically on the lower end of the age brackets that are least susceptible to the virus. They're the ones who get hurt the worst by the shutting down of the economy.  of this is like there is not a black and white world, right? There's this gray area where there's probably a pretty intelligent solution that can address both problems. Switching gears a little bit on the economy itself, like how do you view that, right? In the sense of every government in the world seems to just be printing a ton of money and basically running crazy trying to deal with this and who knows if they know what they're actually doing or not, but they sure are trying a lot of different things. Yeah. I'm no economic  Um, and no one wants to think about that because in the short term it's expedient even politically, right? You guys are in an election year and election's coming up in November. So every single thing that has happened happening and everything people are saying, it's also being tainted by the idea of, okay, is this going to help or hurt us and our opposition? Right. So, and that's a terrible situation because say, for example, if Donald Trump or the Republicans  lines, what's best for people is totally sidelined. They just start thinking, okay, what's best for our political strategy? How can we increase our chances of election, et cetera? There are people, they probably won't say it out loud, but there will be people who are really, really hoping that stuff does not recover because they don't want Trump to be reelected. They're so opposed to him that they would rather America suffers and Americans suffer just so they can get this guy out of the White House. As soon as you're thinking that way,  going  when the furlough scheme ends, and then some of these businesses have shut down. Some of them are going to lay off a bunch of people. Some of them are going to convert more to remote working, et cetera. So we don't yet even know here in the UK and perhaps in other European countries what the impact is going to be even just later this year. It could happen that, okay, millions of people by December are now out of work, even though they feel like they're still being paid right now, but they might go back and get that  So you've kind of got more data and more information. And remember the thing was because they didn't want the hospital to be overwhelmed, etc. But it's like, okay, that happened. The curve got flattened. Hospitals were not overwhelmed. There was enough PPE. All these things that they were worried about came to pass. But then it was just like, no, more lockdowns, more lockdowns, more lockdowns. And it was like, even now people are literally calling for the lockdowns to keep being extended. And when they get close, and it's just like, there's got to be a, there has to be a transition plan here, right?  And so you can see most of the programs end, you know, in the U S they have like this beefed up on insurance, unemployment insurance. It ends at the end of July, right? The PPP loans, which basically they gave to businesses to not fire employees. You can't fire anyone before the end of September, but on October 1st, you can start firing people. So like kind of all these programs that they had first put in place back in March actually ended in July, August or September. And so they had to go back to the end of July. And so they had to go back to the end of July.  And you were wrong, right? When you, when you kind of approach it as I don't know, but here's the information we have and we're going to make the best decisions we can. I think people are less mad later on because they understand, you know, this is a human process that's really built on just the information you have. Yeah. And the thing is, and you know, telling the truth is not incentivized. It's not incentivized. I mean, I remember, you know, when Boris Johnson fairly early in the situation, he said, he said, people are going to die. Some of us are going to lose family members. And he was shellacked for saying that.  We know that that is not feasible, right? If you want to save lives ban alcohol ban cigarettes ban sugar Right that'll save lives. You want to talk about saving American lives saving British lives I'll save way more than any coronavirus, but people understand. Okay You have to we all implicitly accept certain risks in society and So every time you get in a car and you drive on the highway every time you do this every time you do that We are taking  60,000 a year. That's half of the coronavirus. And the response is 0% of what the response has been. Right. And that also kills children, by the way. Right. Coronavirus doesn't really affect kids. Flu does kill children. And no one like flu season. You don't even know it's flu season. No one's wearing a mask. No one's social distancing. People are just getting on with things and taking normal precautions. And nobody thinks about it because the media doesn't spotlight it and highlight the fact that 60,000 people.  there isn't. Right. And a video online, look, we all agree what happened to George Floyd and what's happened to some in similar cases is absolutely terrible and should never happen. But to say that it's an epidemic, to say that this is like every day, this is everyday life for black and I'm like, no, it's not right. That's hyperbole. That's that's emotion. That's feelings. That's taking an anecdote and extending it across millions and millions of people where it doesn't make sense. And again, you're not supposed  heads tomorrow just because you're not supposed to say the truth.