 All right, guys, bang, bang. Steven's here. He's got a massive beard, got the cameo hat, ready to rock and roll. Thanks for doing this, man. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. All right, for the few people who are watching this that don't know you, let's go through your background. What did you do before you started Cameo? So coming out of Duke, I was an options trader for the first five years of my career. So my very first job was clerking  or nothing you could do after. So that was a fun first job. You know, traded for a while after that, eventually got patched up, ended up at the SPX trade in, in the SIBO and the SPX pit. So, open out and try. Options, really enjoyed that. While doing that, I had the opportunity to start a film investment fund. So my uncle had actually produced the movie, Lone Survivor, among a bunch of other ones. Irishman was his most recent.  at that point to be speculating on it at least that much in 2011, 2012. So this was still, I'll take the under of the first half of a college basketball game between Rutgers and Towson or something like that. So these guys were happy to part with their money and tell their wives and their girlfriends that they were investing in movies and television shows. I started doing that. I met my now co-founder Martin. We started a film investment program  with a shout out, maybe we'll get some residuals for all the money we've lost on that investment. But anyways, so I ended up in LinkedIn after trading. I'd say one thing that really hit my mind when I was trading, I remember walking into the CBOE for the first time, and this is a place where over 40,000 options traders worked. And at this point, back in the day, every stock had its own pit. Amazon, Apple had their own pits.  I'm 99 and trading all the big stuff that happened already. And I was very fortunate that a buddy of mine from Duke recruited me to come work in LinkedIn. And then when I got to TACU, it was totally different. At LinkedIn, all the good stuff was going to happen. It was about having a mission and a vision and realizing that. And I ended up, you know, having kind of my dream job in LinkedIn, working with amazing people, you know, getting to learn from people like Mike Gamson and Jeff Weiner, you know, how to build culture.  back into signing the next rock for the next Jason Momoa and turn him into a huge action star. He signed the guy. He wasn't able to turn him into a movie star. So suddenly he had a big, you know, cash liability, you know, by, by backing this guy that he was having to pay for his training, but there was no way he was ever going to keep the investment. And he pulled out his phone and he showed me a video that he'd gotten made for his good buddy who was pretty high up in Nike's marketing department. He loved the Seattle Seahawks more than anything in the  who Brandon was, you didn't have to know who Cash was, but there was something magical about it. And Martin showed me this video and the second I saw it, I hit the Rika moment and it's like, that's the new autograph. And it was so obvious to me that, you know, today when you see someone famous, you pick up your phone and you try to take a selfie with them and if it's not on Instagram, it didn't happen. I grew up in Chicago, you know, 90s Bulls. You saw Ron Harper, you saw, you know, Dickie Simpkins at a restaurant. You were pulling the menu out.  remember their name, but because they did one thing nice for me one time, you become a fan for life. And really that's kind of what we try to build with Cameo. We tried to build a platform where every time somebody made a Cameo, the person who received them becomes a bigger fan of them for the rest of their life. And, uh, you know, fast forward four years, we've now got 40,000 people on the platform. We've done 1.2 million of these. Uh, we call these not Candles. We call them magical moments. Every time we make one, we really  at Duke there. You got to tell, what's the story with you and Ryan joking around? Yeah. So I'm a Dookie. I actually, again, this is another kind of tie to technology and the network effect, not knowing that I was doing network effect businesses back then. But I was a freshman at Duke and one of my really good friends from home is a guy named Zach Maritas, a big crypto guy today. He's the founder of a company called Teamworks, which is a  aggregating over 17,000 college students in the space group. And over the course of four years, we came to really dominate nightlife at Duke, certainly. And then we started getting into Raleigh and Chapel Hill by the end of it. But we basically ran shooters too. It started with our first entrepreneurial hustle was taking the most popular bar on campus, which at the time was just a biker bar really, it was a bar that  Duke on Wednesday night. Our legacy is 11 strong. I think that's my, that is my legacy to Duke. Wednesday night beer vlog and cheaters. That is an incredible story. All right. So when you start Cameo, what's kind of the first couple of things you guys do? So you see this piece of content, you're like, bam, this is, you know, kind of the new autograph. Do you immediately say we got to go build a tech platform and kind of build a marketplace and, you know, what it comes to today or is there some other idea you start with?  I'm like, screw it, I'm gonna get on a plane to LA the next day. So I flew to LA the next day and Marta and I had dreamed up this marketplace where for X amount of money, you could do Y activity with Z person. So the video was one thing, but we thought we could sell autographs or personalized merch or, you know, anything, you know, tweet at me, like follow me on Instagram. Anything you met, you know, from Brett Favre throwing a football with you to anything you could possibly imagine. Like we just felt,  to quit their jobs at Apple and Microsoft respectively. They went down to Bali, they started messing around on Vine, they spent a year traveling the world. And Devon ended up with about a billion loops on Vine and Cody had 3.6 billion loops on Vine. So they had actually become more famous than they were rich. They were never able to monetize that at all, but they really understood becoming a creator. Devon moved back to LA, he started being the first engineer at different startups.  deal here and we cut Devin in, got the hourly rate down, gave him some upside. It was a good trade for everybody involved. And Devin was really the perfect person to build this. I mean, how many CTOs, how many heads of product on earth were actually influencers themselves? So he intimately understood the problem. And Devin also brought a discipline that Larnie and I did not have. We were like, let's do the autograph.  That's not a problem that a lot of people wake up and try to solve, but it's certainly one as athletes or as people that had been around athletes. And it's just something that we were thinking about. And in this gap between fame and monetization was just another big theme we were thinking about. So we decided to focus first just on athletes. And if you're building a marketplace to connect athletes with their biggest fans and you have no athletes and you have no fans, you better pick, do you go with the chicken?  It was mid-March. I was in, I literally was in Arizona. I was in Scottsdale trying to get the second person on Cameo. We had one person on at this point. We'd get on a plane. We'd go anywhere if someone wanted to talk to us. And Jason Kipnis, the guy who grew up around me, was also our second baseman for the Cleveland Indians at the time. Guy who works with LinkedIn was his best friend. He knew about the idea. Steven, let's go. We packed the bags. We go to Arizona to go pitch Kipnis.  who's the video for? What's your email? What does it say? That's it. And I'll never forget, we took the cameo that was the first one that gave us the idea. We had cash to send a tweet and basically said, hey, I'm on this new thing called Cameo for 20 bucks. I can make a video like this for you saying anything you want to whoever you want. You know, can't wait to hear from you. And he clicks Twitter. I was at a restaurant in Scottsdale. The guys were in Venice Beach. So Devin, Martin, my co-founders,  It's like, no, it's not like Google's not working. And then at the same time on Twitter, cash has just started getting eviscerated. I'm talking, you know, you're a millionaire athlete for 20 bucks. How much is this company paying you? He just given us 25 Jesus, our first investor, you know, so he's pissed off, you know, everybody's ribbon him on Twitter. He gets pissed off. Hey, screw you guys. I'm out. He leaves. He walks out. Martin's freaking out or other co-founder because suddenly his only client  literally being on the edge of my, I was on my elbows, like leaning in with my phone on, you know, Google analytics, like, what are they going to do? What are they going to do? And this person must have been on the side for two to three minutes. And it felt like two to three hours. Cause we're like, are they going to buy what's going to happen? And all of a sudden the doctors disappears and we were so dejected because it was like, somebody's there. We thought they might buy in the gym, you know, our, this is a disaster. I need to try to,  we'll get it done, don't worry about money, you know, go. And the guy's giving me information. I text Cash, no response. I text Martin, you know, he's pissed off of me. They're pissed off. It was Tuesday. The birthday was Thursday. We missed Thursday. You know, it's now the next Wednesday when I finally get this video back. It was the most unenthusiastic video I've ever seen. Hey, Lane, heard your big fans. Sorry, Mr. Birthday. See you out there.  watches this video and she starts crying and she goes, dad, how did you do that? And he goes, daddy's awesome. That's how, like if we made a commercial for super bowl, it wouldn't have been better than this. And he sent it back. And then the second I had that, like the, I still get the chills, you know, down my spine thinking about it because the second we saw we could make one person feel like that we had high conviction, we could make millions of people feel like that. And then when we were going to athletes, it wasn't like, Hey,  What were the big obstacles there? Yeah, all of them. And I would even go one more. At the time, any type of direct to consumer monetization of fans was like super weird, right? It's one thing for Patreon to do it, and you're like a long tail podcaster or musician, and you have no other funds. And you know, it's not that weird to ask your followers to support you. But these are like athletes making millions of dollars in that case.  the most amount at the time was called Thuzio, which was Tiki Barber, I think was part of it. So, yeah, these are like serious athletes and entrepreneurs teaming up, trying to do similar things, weren't able to do it. I think Steve Aoki had founded one with like Dan Bilzerian, you know, a few years before we got going. So people had tried it. But what we had pretty high conviction was we really never set out to like build something that LeBron James would do. We really felt there was an opportunity with  when Devin walked down to our morning meeting and he goes, hey, Steven, I think Cody, his roommate, Cody Co with 3 million YouTubers at the time, and people like Cody, you know, X Vine starts, would do really well on this. And we put Cody in on a cameo. He made, he actually, we bought him a cameo for a YouTube video that he made that went hyperviral. He decided to launch himself on the platform. He popped off and other similar kind of  after personality or athlete after athlete, where do all of the users come and you know, how do you convince them to actually pay for this stuff? Well, just like anytime you're inventing a new, completely new product, right, the best way for people to know what it is is to like experience it or see it. And, you know, a couple of interesting growth dynamics that we benefit from. Number one, all of our supply, unlike Grubhub or Uber,  to make people feel like this. The customer flywheel was, I buy you a cameo, you shared a Twitter, you have $300,000 on Twitter. They all see this roast that I get Michael Rappaport roasting you. They're like, what is that? That's amazing. We had the watermark there. People started learning. Then they go to the site, cameo, oh my God, look at all these people that are there. So it's really the flywheel effect of supply beginning its own demand. And then the fact that every cameo is a  of Cameos is actually a product that we've had for a while. Basically what we found was 5% of Cameos that are booked get declined today, right? So the talent can say yes or no to anything. When we dug into declines, we found that 60% of declined Cameos were actually small businesses looking for kind of cheap influencer marketing. So we went back to our talent and we said, hey, Brett Farves, Waukesha Chevrolet has a fourth-century  you might see on the, when you go to cameo.com, is this for myself? Is this for someone else? Or is it for my business? And if you hit for my business, the price changes and it's more expensive. The second product that we released that's gotten a lot of fanfare recently is cameo lives. And cameo live is our first stat at sacred as video conversations. So basically it's literally, well, not basically, it's literally getting out of zoom with, you know, your favorite talent.  always believed that fan conversations are just kind of awkward. And this is why Cameo works, because when you go run up on somebody that's eating at a restaurant, like Dave Frees, you Frees, you don't know what to say. We've all kind of been there. So we really had a pretty high condition that synchronous wasn't going to be a thing. But as Zoom became so prevalent since COVID, the talent was excited about it. Now that my mom and her friends  or having fun, they're staying on. So that's a product that we're excited about. And then our third product we have is called Cameo Direct. And Cameo Direct is in the app, it's our texting product. So if you, their talent that have enabled you to actually text with them and have an ongoing conversation. So that's super interesting. And we think all of these are parts of building out that equation for X amount of money being able to do Y activities.  while I was at LinkedIn, every single person that I worked with, like those, I had one quarter while I was still at LinkedIn when I was working on this at the same time. And honestly, I was probably the worst employee at the company that last year. Martin would call me in the middle of the day, I'd miss like a sales call. Like I just, I just remember, I was so distracted and all the, like the people that I worked with all like got it right away. And now about five or six of them are working for us, which is kind of funny of the people that sat within like 10  I think I will her and who was a buddy of mine worked in another offices like Steven. This idea is so big like if somebody else builds it and becomes a billionaire and you stay at LinkedIn and never like take a shot, you live with yourself. And honestly, nobody had ever asked me that question. But the answer was so obviously no that I never went back. I wrote my next play letter, which you know, it's kind of funny, you can go on my LinkedIn profile and actually see my next play letter. And I shared the letter that I sent  were wanting to bet. You know, I've never asked anybody for anything. I was always the ultra connector, the helpful person. So now when I had something that I was going to do, that's when people were like, okay, let me get money, let me get money. But the one that was most life changing was exactly three months after me leaving LinkedIn, this guy, Mike Gamsen, who was the top of the global sales org in LinkedIn, just cold called me in the morning. He's like, Steven, I've been hearing what you're up to.  an associate at Chicago Ventures. He got locked in the merchandise mart in Chicago. He couldn't figure out how to get out of the building. He was locked in because he was working after eight. The elevator shut down and he saw me and my team working. He came in and met us. thought Cameo was the most amazing thing ever. Next morning he goes to Ezra Goulston who was at Chicago Ventures at the time and big crypto guy as well. And Ezra literally  you know, Ezra ended up leaving Chicago Ventures to start his own fun called Starting Line. He ended up co-leading the round with Chicago Ventures and Origin Ventures in Chicago, and her seed rounds. All of our early money came from the Midwest. And then Light Speed ended up leading her Series A, Jeremy Liu, who famously was the first money in Snapchat. Saw Camio at a party, asked for the intro, sent an email that was basically like, Steven Camio's genius,  there. I walked her on to the plane basically. She came to fly out to Chicago the next week or series A was done and then about four months after that, Connor Perkins came in and led you know a $15 million series B into the company. So again we've been really blessed because these investors they've had a high conviction because they've been customers. They've bought them, they've received them, they understand the power and then when they learn more about the business there's only two things you have to really believe  As content is exponentially increasing, the amount of fame in the world is exponentially increasing. So there are more famous people than ever. And then secondly, people today are more famous now than they've ever been at any point in history. Last summer, Bill Nasak just released a song, Old Town Road. He now has tens of millions of followers. And even if he's a one-hit wonder, he now has a platform upon which he can monetize forever. So within a post-Cambial world, in a post-social world, you're 15 minutes of fame.  And Hansborough was the best maybe college basketball player since Christian Leidner, just absolute legend. And because he wasn't like, because he did it, you know, 10 years too early, he only has 21,000 followers on Instagram. Right. And then Zion Williamson had 2.1 million followers before he played his first game. So the people coming up are more famous than the ones that came before. And all you have to believe is that this is just an area under  Spotify, the top 1% of musicians streaming make like 99% of the revenue. The same is true in pro sports. The same is true when you think of endorsement deals. There's five people in the NBA that have students, right? So when you look at all this, people are more famous than ever before. And the gap between fame and modernization has just been getting wider and wider and wider. It was just the perfect storm for a business like Cameo to come to allow people to monetize their fans in a way that is brand new.  be you can pay to have somebody show up for an appearance. I mean, it's funny, you know, in the COVID world, that's the last thing in the world we're thinking of. But if you look at what we're doing with Cameo Live right now, we are building the mechanisms for bookings, right? Like the first step is like coordination of calendar. When are you available? How do we do it? Will you show up? Right. Then adding location, it's something harder. It's something that we've straight away from because,  I'm assuming the world moves back to normal one day. It's very logistically difficult. And to us, there's just a million things we can do that are really tech enabled first that kind of give you almost the same experience without having to worry about the logistics, the location, and safety. Makes sense. Who's the most requested talent that's not on Cameo? For a long time, it was funny that Ian asked the first question. For a long time, it was David Gilbrich.  that's where it's at. But people like Taylor Swift, people like Bieber are requested, but not as much as the Dobricks of the world, the Shane Dawson's Historically of the World, the Casey Neistat's. So we have a really interesting dynamic where the majority of users on Cameo, like the people coming to the website are actually like 18 to 24, but our purchasing demographic is actually older, 25 to 34.  like the trade-offs are different. So we found that a lot of the people want the digital talent. That's probably the people that get requested the most. And I'm sure if I look at the last three months worth of data, I'm sure Joe Exotic would probably be the most requested person we don't have. We got Carol Baskin. I saw that people were real hype when she came. Yeah, she was there for a while. It's kind of funny because I reached out to her like immediately  you know, what, you know, in a world where all these parks are closed and I mean, what an awesome way to be raised raising the class. Yeah. Uh, Shervin Pichamar asked, who are the top 10 in earnings? So maybe not exactly go through the top 10, but just who are some of the people who do the most volume? Yeah, there's a couple of archetypes of people that do really well. Um, historically, uh, last year the top broker was Gilbert Godfrey. So again, comedians do extremely well. I think this year, uh,  is consistently been, you know, a top earner on the platform. The bachelor franchises is big and some like Chris Harrison and Lance Bass, you know, Boy Bands have done good. Nostalgia is a whole, does really well. And when I think of the product market fit for Cameo, if you were to take out a $1 bill and you're to look at the back of the pyramid, right? I think Cameo has great product market fit, the second you have your 15 minutes spent, all the way until you become the most famous  someone's wedding before. These are things we've just heard being in the industry and all that stuff. So I think there's a point where that curve and flaps. But then the thing that's kind of cool about Cameo is Cameo is also somewhere where you can go when you were the most famous person in the world and you're not anymore. Right. So retired NFL players, if you've got a gold jacket, you're on Cameo. Almost every Hall of Famer is on. When you're talking about the Ray Lewis's in the world, the Brett Farves, you know, it's  or 10 grand, how many of those could she actually do? So I think we haven't built a product yet for the Super A Plus list. And we think we can build a massive business without them. We think that there's the problem of people being more famous than they are rich, it literally doesn't exist for those people. So we want to focus on building great product for the people we have product where we can fit for it. And the thing that's kind of cool is like, as we've gone along, people like Snoop Dogg, who are  goes out in the can-do now. So you start looking at that and then if you're Tony Blair, if you're, you know, Georgia B. Bush or Obama, suddenly it's like, wow, okay, cool, my peers are there. So this business is built brick by brick, relationship by relationship, but it all starts with having a very high NPS product for both the customers and the fans. Josh Elman wants to know, what's the weirdest place that people like to record? The toilet. I think that's always funny.  and just look it up. But we've had some fun with that. I think that's probably the weirdest. We haven't had, try to think, yeah, I think the toilets is probably the funniest, but especially the Tiger Kings, you got a Doc Antle one, he's literally with the Lions and they're there. I mean, the Tigers and the Lions. So watching cameos is pretty enjoy.  world as well. And I think deep fakes are just scratching the surface of that technology. At scale, I believe that a cameo video like that watermark will be just that will be the certificate of authenticity in the digital age. And and I think, again, you know, some people, well, couldn't they if they, you know, put the watermark on the deep fake, like the technology will be there. But I think we will develop a core competency around authenticity and our value, our  having built the company in Chicago. Maybe talk a little bit about the Chicago tech scene. Eric Carr said basically, he wanted to know about your favorite places to eat, but I figure we'll talk about this tech scene instead. Sure. So the Chicago tech scene was and has been extremely important to Candia's growth. I truly believe that if I had built, I really don't believe that this business could have been built in San Francisco.  need to be like, it's like a plant that gets watered and nurtured and all that happened. And once we had this strong foundation, then when the press kind of learned about it and Hollywood kind of learned about it, we'd already got to a point where like we had hit some escape of velocity. And one thing that's really interesting about Chicago, while it's not known as a tech hotbed, like Chicago is famous for its marketplace businesses, right? Like literally the Board of Trade and the CBO  like Matt Maloney or the CEO of Grubhub. I mean, in 2017, I remember we were on the phone and he's like, Steven, I built the biggest marketplace that's ever been built in Chicago. You're building one that will be way bigger than mine if you don't fuck it up because you are selling bits. I'm selling bits. Sorry, you're selling bits, I'm selling apps. Meaning nobody cares about how many pizza parlors I have on Grubhub in New York if I'm in Los Angeles. You're talented global.  loves to pump its chest about having the world's best incubator, but who's really come out of there? All it takes is one cameo to come out of there. And for us, if we ring the bell and it really works, that was the greatest investment the city and the universities and everybody could have ever done. Because if Cameo wins, it can literally be one of those tentpole companies that could transform the whole ecosystem. And the biggest thing that Chicago lacks, it lacks that steady parade of exits  people that have been successful. And that's one of the reasons it's been personally important to me to build this company here to make sure that, you know, the next me like when I was 21 years old, I remember telling my mom, Mom, if I didn't have the training job, I would have to go to New York, I'd have to go to LA and have to go to San Francisco. There's literally nothing for me to do here unless I want to work at Groupon. And, and frankly, like, my hope is that the next me the 21 year old version of me that's at, you know, Michigan,