 All right, guys. Bang, bang. Caitlin is back. She is, I think, maybe the only person who's been on three times now. Thank you so much for doing this. Thank you, Pomp. It's awesome to be back. Absolutely. So Caitlin and I didn't know each other many years ago. We met, hit it off, have talked a bunch about crypto legacy finance stuff. We eventually became investors.  Well, I guess the one thing that I would highlight is a report that came out and I apologize. I don't remember who wrote it, but it was awesome. And I did tweet about it. So kudos to the author about commercial mortgage backed security delinquencies in Minneapolis. 47% of commercial mortgage back commercial mortgages are in default. And it's 69% in Syracuse. These numbers might not be precise, but they are staggering numbers. Interestingly, New York was only at 7%.  and I talked about this back when we did the last show that the bank balance sheets are definitely an area to watch because right now the banks have been given some degree of flexibility. They've been told by the government, just support the economy, just make loans. We'll deal with the fallout later. And that's probably the right policy decision, but what it means is there's gonna be a lot of recapitalization necessary once these  in the decision to allow the big banks to buy back stock in the spring of 2019. And just recently in the last month or so, the stock buyback programs were halted by the Fed. And now it looks like the banks are probably going to be raising more equity capital, but they're not doing it right now. My advice to all the big banks is do it now. Your stocks have recovered really, really well. And this is when you need to, you know, you raise, as a publicly traded company, you raise capital when you don't need it, because when you need it, it's not  and others reporting like record revenues and kind of really showing up in their financial quarterly earnings. Does that change any of this conversation or kind of how do you see that affecting the balance sheets and also their need to raise capital? Well, it is helping for sure, right? Because if all those profits are dropping to their bottom line and they're not paying any of those out in dividends to shareholders, that's effectively raising capital. And again, that's why the Fed probably isn't putting as much pressure on them to recapitalize now.  I think it's Neil Keshkari also, the Minneapolis Fed. Governor who's now said, listen, the banks need to be recapitalized. Yeah. And you know, there's dissent among the Fed. And I think those that have been concerned about bank balance sheets are right. They just don't want to spark a concern in capital markets. But I'm sure all the bank boards are thinking about this. And I just hope that the risk people are not looking at the world with rose-colored glasses.  continuing or will it end here kind of over the next couple of months? Oh, well, it very much depends on how things play out. But I think what you know, what we're seeing now are leading indicators of problems that are going to be coming down the pike in six to nine months with these loan delinquencies. You're starting to see it also in the number of people not paying their credit card bills and rent as well. But it's coming. And so it but it all depends on how badly it hits. It does look like the country's kind of going into  balance sheet is 10 trillion by the time this is over. But you got to realize this is where some of the Austrians miss the point. You have to understand that what the Fed is doing right now is not actually putting more credit into the economy. What they're doing is backfilling for the whole that has appeared because the private sector credit creation is declining. And so what you really need to understand, and nobody's got the numbers to figure this out because  of money and credit outstanding in the economy. But if they're expanding their balance sheet, when the private sector balance sheet is contracting, what they're really doing is just trying to offset that contraction, which is why we haven't seen the dollar collapse that some folks have predicted. And the private sector is where the vast majority of credit creation happens. It's in the big banks and it's in the securities markets, where especially the repo market, there's just so much credit, so much offshore credits,  most recent book and he will be releasing that chapter through a paper that hopefully is coming out soon. I've seen the draft of it and I think folks are gonna really be interested in seeing that because we got a couple of academics, including Dr. Singh, as well as myself, who's not an academic, but a practitioner who's been watching this for years and talking to Dr. Singh about it for many years. And interestingly, Dr. Singh is now interested in Bitcoin and CBDCs and the like.  And that's the piece that's hard for the Fed to figure out. So they're back feeling clearly they've prevented a total meltdown here. And we certainly given the numbers that are coming out in the economy, we were headed for that clearly. So they've definitely prevented that. The question is, it's going to get a lot trickier going forward to try to figure out how to size the Fed's balance sheet to offset that hole in the private sector credit creation.  you know, at six, seven trillion right now is small compared to the total amount of treasuries outstanding. What is a treasury bond? It's a dollar that pays interest, right? So it's really not that different. They're both effectively full faith and credit of the US government. I know legally that's not the case, but that's how the market treats them, right? And then on top of that, you've got the big banks that have issued credit and then the repo market takes those treasury bonds  What you don't realize is that behind the scenes, there's really only one treasury and there are three people reporting it on their financial statements, right? So that's a problem because the bank regulators at the top can't figure out, and by the way, Chris Giancarlo, when he was chairman of the CFTC, talked a lot about this, he still is of course, but he recognized this, that it's really tough to look down into the entire financial industry because there's so much double and triple counting of assets. You don't really know how solvent the industry  is now run by Brian Brooks, who was the former chief legal officer at Coinbase, as you know. And within the first 60 days of him being on the job, he issues the clarification that came out this past week. And essentially what he said is, hey, if you're a bank, you should be able to custody the value of assets or valuable assets for your customers. That includes everything from safety deposit boxes to virtual vaults is kind of the language they used. And that includes cryptocurrencies being part of those valuable assets of your business.  for that. He can't just change an interpretation of an existing law. And so I figured, all right, that's if that's if that's what we're up against, you know, that's that's not going to change anything. But this announcement yesterday or two days ago now absolutely changes everything because as of two days ago, national banks can custody digital assets. And it's just it is what it is. They don't need to go through a special process unless this is a material part of their business.  I did not know this was coming. Most people didn't. They kept it a big secret, but it's here and it's a much bigger deal than folks realize in part because of some pieces that haven't fallen into place yet. But, you know, every US bank is now able to custody crypto. And when I say every, some are probably thinking, wait a minute, what about the state banks? Only a relatively small fraction of a number of banks in this country are regulated by the OCC. The OCC regulates national banks.  Now, can custody digital assets as a result of that interpretive letter? The interesting question is who put that interpretive letter in? That would have had to have been one of the national banks. And my first reaction was, I was assuming it was Goldman Sachs. Goldman Sachs is a state bank, they're not a national bank. So I went, I poured through the list of national banks. And by the way, we've got a couple of calls from national banks as well, because everybody has just, not everybody realizes yet how meaningful  coming into this industry, we'd be happy to be your sub-custodian. That tells you what they know, they know what's going on. And for Fidelity to be a sub-custodian to a national bank, it's one of the big ones. So there's kind of two components here, right? So a national bank basically asked and said, can you clarify for us what their current rules are? The OCC has clarified and said, yes, you made custody cryptocurrency. There's the implications on the legacy  in order to have a competitive advantage here. And the basic simple observation is crypto settles very quickly, dollars settle very slowly. It's not complicated. And if you're trying to do crypto to fiat, you've got some settlement problems which injects something called Herstot risk, which is Herstot was a big German bank that failed in the foreign exchange market and triggered a cascade of laws  And then there are a lot of wrinkles inside of it too. Fedwires can be reversed. Most folks don't know that. You don't have settlement finality with Fedwire. And then ACH is a very big deal because ACH transactions for consumers, they can reverse an ACH transaction for 60 days beyond the settlement, beyond the statement period. And if you're at the beginning of your statement cycle, that means your ACH transaction isn't actually settled for 90 days.  We spent a lot of time talking to institutional traders, but also just users of the payment system. Keep in mind I came from a corporate world, corporate treasury world, working with corporate treasurers when I was on Wall Street. And they live this pain every day. There's a lot of problems with the fact that US dollar payments are delayed. So I figured out pretty early on, and I haven't even talked about the securities piece. What does it take to be a qualified custodian? A trust company doesn't cut it.  the fiduciary business, which the there's only one trust company that the custody is crypto that I know of that does fiduciary business fiduciary business means you're exercising discretion over company assets. You're taking fiduciary responsibility for those assets. That is not what typical crypto custody is. So this is a long convoluted answer to say the trust company licenses are now obsolete. If a bank can custody crypto, particularly if it's one of the big guys, all the native crypto companies now need to get bank licenses.  Now I think Avanti's in the poll position. We're in a really interesting position relative to the shift that just occurred in the industry. Absolutely. And so with this OCC decision, that's the impact on crypto. Obviously there's this massive impact on the national banks and kind of what I'll call legacy institutions. Many of them just got approval or permission or a green light. Yeah. Okay. Here we go. But I think a lot of these banks are either going to say one of two things. One,  So I was thinking about the user activated software in the Bitcoin world that showed who really was in control of Bitcoin. It wasn't the miners. It wasn't the whales. It was the regular mom and pop users of Bitcoin. That's probably a misnomer because it's probably mostly 20 somethings. But in any event, you get the point. It's the regular users of it. And I think the big guys don't understand that. Just look at what happened when CBOE and CME came in.  don't blow up, this literally could blow them up. And so they really need to be careful and I'm sure the regulators understand that. One of the other pieces is the basic commercial law clarifications related to digital assets have not been made in any state but Wyoming. So, and they understand that, they recognize that. We actually, you know, put some phone calls through folks into the regulators and one of the pieces of feedback was,  Bitcoin and Ether are estimated to be held by intermediaries. So the vast majority of digital assets are actually held by individuals and they're the ones when you have an individual involved in a crypto trade, that's not clearly legally enforceable. And the responsible attorneys, one of the one of the stable coins actually warns this that it's not clear that your transaction is legally enforceable anywhere in the world because it's not clear where it fits within existing commercial  what the heck they're doing. And it was interesting how Bakkt came out and they were gonna be in Bitcoin right away, right? And they made some very big claims two years ago, I think it was two years ago, two summers ago when Bakkt came out. And then guess what? They didn't open for more than a year later. It all got delayed, delayed, delayed. And a lot of that was because I think they got in it and figured out, oh boy, this isn't what we thought it was. It doesn't actually map very well to our existing business.  working group with the CTO of the company. I will say that the skill set is just different from an engineering perspective. There's a culture difference, massive culture difference, but the skill sets really different too. And the best way that I explain it is the organization of the traditional financial services industry is very designed towards delayed net settlement. You've got all these layers of intermediaries, you settle with each other and everybody owns their own data. And so you're batching,  They have very, very, very, very, very strong firewalls. And then once you get, if a bad actor gets inside the firewall, they get everything because it's unencrypted. Why does it need to be unencrypted? You're dealing with HFT trading customers. Their architecture is not designed for decentralization. So what I just described is this layered delayed net settlement system with centralization and everybody owns their data. Now we're going to,  don't own it because maybe that Bitcoin got rehypopicated. At least with Bitcoin, you're going to be able to have a better sense than with traditional securities, how rehypopicated that Bitcoin was, but it's still a danger, right? So there's just a lot that the traditional financial institutions either, well, they need to understand it. I don't know if they do yet. We'll see who, you know, when this big guy comes out and starts getting into digital assets, we'll see if they really understand it.  about that, right? We kind of knew about Square before it happened. We don't know about that with this big bank, whoever they are. So it's going to be fun. Grab the popcorn. And it feels like this is definitely going to be a build or buy analysis by whatever bank put in the request, but also all of their competitors as well. And I get the feeling that you're on the same side as I am, which is there's going to be a lot more buying than building because of this. Yeah, sorry to talk over you. That is exactly  We'll see how this whole thing plays out again, you know grab the popcorn. It's it's gonna be fascinating but but I guarantee I know firsthand there's just a lot of phone calls being made there's a lot of activity happening right now and I also know there's some native crypto companies who don't yet understand the magnitude of the Landscape shift that just happened. They will figure it out in the next few weeks as as the piece has fallen to place  That's where we've got a bit of a risk. So we want the traditional crypto companies to be able to compete in the US and they need a bank wrapper to do it. The trick is, to my knowledge, I mean, it's possible Coinbase, obviously Brian Brooks came from Coinbase. It's possible Coinbase already has a bank application in, but it's thousands of hours of work and it's typically nine to 12 months to get your charter approved.  are the biggest winners. And I think the consumers, the crypto consumers are also really big winners too. As you know, I've been pretty critical of the terms and conditions that the existing crypto providers have been sharing, have been offering their customers. And the big banks are definitely, and the regulators are not gonna let one sided terms and conditions be out there in the marketplace. So the consumers, the regular folks who trade with crypto companies  have better terms and more respectful terms and conditions. Yeah. Your nail on the reason why I don't say long Bitcoin short the banks. I say short the bankers. Because the ethos is different. Right. In terms of I actually think there's going to be an entire kind of coalition or demographic of people who say, hey, look, I need to use the bank legal structure and that rapper, as you talked about, we just want to do it a different way. Right. And obviously you guys are leading the  just me doing a lot of work with the regulators of we were going down the path, by the way, of the Abbott proposal. I was working with the regulators on that. That's been in process since January. But but it does take time for sure to get to get a bank license. And so when we last talked, I think it was right after the markets were exploding with COVID and we were laying out from a macro perspective what was going on at that point. We didn't have our bank  last week, but you knew as an investor in Avanti that we actually got that official letter that our application has been accepted. What does that mean? It doesn't mean that we're chartered, not at all. So we still have some risk that we're not going to be able to get chartered. What it means is that all of the major legal issues and operational issues and examination issues that bank examiners care about, we've passed all those hurdles. And there's just been extensive, extensive, literally when I say thousands of hours, we were trying to  We've got that bank charter application that's been accepted, which is in this environment is golden, given that the world is gonna be shifting to banks. And so as this occurs, you've got two key pieces. You've got the bank charter application that's in, that looks like that's gonna get granted on the shorter end of that nine to 12 months. That seems pretty clear cut. I saw a couple of questions online just like, who is going to be the target customer there? Is that consumers and retail?  consumers is not something we have to take on. The complexity involved with that is staggering. And just the magnitude of regulation involved in serving consumers as a bank is just really stunning. There's just so much compliance cost in serving a bank. And by the way, it makes me really take my hat off to Silvergate especially because they were first and then Signature and Metropolitan. Man, they took on a lot of  is kind of strange because banks have trust powers. Why weren't they doing it within the bank? Well, it's because of the regulatory issues that were until two days ago in place. And now they can't. So Godspeed. They paid their dues and now they get to ride that wave. Yesterday in the announcement that you made, you mentioned AVID. I know that there's a lot of kind of things you can't talk about, but you mentioned it. And so maybe kind of just whatever you can elaborate on there,  So an example was the large scale pension businesses. All of these business ideas are very simple. It's just, and frankly, great business ideas are always very simple. What I realized is that a pension and an annuity are the same thing economically. It's just that they're regulated in very different ways. And so I figured out how to take corporate pension obligations and get them restructured in a way that life insurance companies could provide as an annuity.  because you have real efficiencies that are that accrue to both sides and you just have to figure out which efficiencies go to which counterparty. So we were playing in in I figured out a way to have win-win-win business business opportunity and it was a product structure that took an unbelievable amount of detailed structure and what I will say here when I said I don't think that Abbott will end up with a counterpart there is there are a couple of very particular reasons why that I won't like  that is a cash equivalent. There is no analogy to this. And oh, by the way, you've got to be in a jurisdiction where the commercial law is clear and you've got to also be a 100% reserve bank, right? So to be able to pull something like this off is a very narrow universe. But we haven't announced this yet, but we've been working with the retired treasurer of a very, very, very large fortune 10 company.  institutional investors. And so, and they live this, these, the issues of the payment system and how their payments are delayed. I did on my, on my website, published an interview with the CFO of Seagate technology now, almost four years ago. He's no longer there. But he, he talked about one of the challenges that they had was that they would get a multi-hundred million dollar vendor payments and they, and they'd get it once a  certainly same day payments, give them a choice. Let's let them do it. And I will say also, one of the interesting things about the way we structured this is it's not a competitor to the existing payment systems. The Fed has got FedNow that is coming. This actually complements FedNow. It doesn't replace it. And so this is a really, FedNow is going to speed up settlement cycles. So it's definitely going to attack the problem I just talked about. But if you're a trader and you want to  And I think that's a really good question.  He's a political appointee. He was actually, he's the acting controller. He's not even been confirmed as controller. So one of two things is going to happen. Either he leaves in January if Biden wins or he gets another four years and then presumably he'll be formally nominated for the confirmation process. But think about that, right? You've got a whole staff of career people and now an acting commissioner comes in and definitely shakes things up. As you can imagine, that's a difficult position for him to be in.  been schizophrenic on this, right? You have Trump himself attack Bitcoin last summer. You had Mnuchin essentially say, hell no, right? And now here we've had this very big U-turn from the bank regulators in the United States. So, and by the way, the head of the FDIC is also a political appointee. The only one that's somewhat insulated from it just because of the different cycles and appointee cycles and governance is the Fed. The Fed's definitely more insulated than from the political appointees.  or kind of could we go backwards in some way? Well, I mean, having an interpretive letter come out for a particular bank, it's kind of like an SEC no action letter. They don't reverse those. So, yeah, no, this is for sure. By putting an interpretive letter out, this is going to stick. But it is the case that it may get cut back. So one of the things that hasn't happened here, we haven't talked about this yet,  a lot more invasive than an audit. But part of the reason I think that some states like Nevada and South Dakota haven't examined their trust companies, New York has. And part of the reason they haven't examined them is there's no supervisory manual. They don't know what they're examining. So I happen to know that literally there is exactly one supervisory manual out there in the United States and it's in Wyoming. So ultimately the regulators share things with each other that the Wyoming supervisory manual  And even though the interpretive letter is out there, that does not mean that the examiners are gonna let this through very quickly. And I think they may take their time. And frankly, time is on the examiner's side precisely because the commercial laws are not clear. I should have mentioned earlier that there is a process that will clarify commercial laws. The Uniform Law Commission, a group that Wyoming got into a bit of a tussle with because they were critical of us for jumping out in front. They have a working group that has been now underway  the state legislatures, they've got to go through all 50 state legislatures. This isn't something that Washington DC can just buy Fiat, you know, say, I'm changing things and every state has to follow it commercialized state law. And so every state has to update it. And so this is a long process. And again, the regulators are going to be looking at that thing. How do I know that I've got legal enforceability of these contracts? You are a bank, you have to operate in a safe and sound manner. You're not allowed to take this risk.  to be sure that the Bitcoin is not being rehab-opicated and it's not just an accounting illusion that you've got the Bitcoin, you've got to actually have the Bitcoin, then they're in for some trouble. And again, the regulators I think are probably gonna do that. Wyoming's statute requires proof of reserves as part of the audit process. Can you imagine if the banks had to do proof of reserves on their securities book? They couldn't because number one, it's not provable.  off the hook very easily. But by the same token though, they're not gonna put them through the enormous upfront pain that a small bank that's taking this on or a de novo bank like Avanti that's taking this on is gonna have to go through. And we've gone through that pain already. It feels like there's a tectonic shift in kind of the finance world, legacy world, and crypto is at the center of it. And kind of Bitcoin as an asset is growing up, it's maturing.  Why did Bitcoin's price not go up? It's for the same reason that Bitcoin's price actually went down, went back, got announced. And when the futures companies entering the space got announced, because they're gonna financialize it. And the misnomer about financialization is that it actually helps price. It actually suppresses price. Yes, you get more liquidity. That's a positive. Yes, you're gonna have a new 10 ton gorilla in the industry.  So I'm not worried about Bitcoin one bit. If they want to come in and suppress the price, I'll just buy more. But you've got to realize that the game just changed, right? With a 10 ton gorilla coming in. And I'll close by saying, you know, a lot of your listeners are probably just hearing all this and it's like nails on a chalkboard to them because it's a regulatory game. And what, you know, Bitcoin wasn't supposed to be involved  party custodian be involved. And because of that, the operational systems for those that even don't have that requirement, they all just de facto. We do it. They don't custody their own assets. They hire State Street or Bank of New York to do it. Right. And then the manager manages them. But by law and by tradition and by operational real world constraint, that's the way the world works. And so if we're going to have that big money coming in, we're going to have to find ways to do to provide those services