 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got an awesome guest today. And Ian, thank you so much for taking the time to do this, man. It's an honor to be here. I'm a big fan of yours and just really an honor. Yeah. Well, listen, I always ask people for questions beforehand. And every once in a while, I am overwhelmed with how many people want to know information. And yesterday was one of those times. So let's not disappoint everyone.  be used for your college education. We want you to know now what you're getting so you can choose where you want to apply yourself. Just know that this is all you're getting and you can decide. And so at that point in time, that was 1997. So right in the heart of the internet technology bubble, they introduced me to their financial advisor, opened up an account, put that $20,000 in it. I started talking to him about small cap tech stocks. I got really engaged with the thought of that, just like everybody else at that environment. And just like that,  and Edward Jones, financial advisor here locally, was more or less a glorified receptionist there for many years, actually a few years, leading into the end of the technology bubble. And then when the technology bubble burst, I was also working there. And really, I learned a couple lessons there. Number one, that about 120,000 that I'd grown up to that point ultimately fell to about $8,000. So I learned some tough lessons with losing money.  forward, you know, I got introduced to micro caps because some of those small cap tech names that fell down through the floor became micro caps. And also, it kind of set me on my path of, okay, I don't want to be a financial advisor, but my goal from that point forward was to be a full time private investor just managing my own capital. And that was a goal I'd set out, you know, my sophomore year in college and, you know, several years later achieved that. But really, my first entree to micro cap was a  and it was a story mainly back then. And back then, 40% of their shares were held short. So everybody was betting on that company going bankrupt. But ultimately took that $8,000 I had left from the crash, put it all into XM at $1.78 per share. And this is 185% luck, but they all of a sudden started signing OEM agreements with Ford and GM. They refinanced their debt. And ultimately, it was a huge short covering rally that propelled that stock from that $1.78 to $1.30.  That's how you learn a lot of things. And that's what I did as well. Absolutely. So before we kind of dig into some of the details here, right? I know there's a ton of people who are interested in public markets that are going to be listening to this, but for those that don't know what a micro cap stock is, maybe just kind of give us some definition. Sure. So if we're looking at all public equities in North America, there's approximately 20,000 stocks that trade in North America. So I'm combining, you know, the U S exchanges and also the Canadian exchanges. And if we were looking at,  the materials you guys have and website and stuff like that, that actually the smallest decile performs best. And so I think this is kind of what you're talking about with the story around XM and just kind of generally why people would be interested in these very small market cap stocks. So maybe talk a little bit just kind of historically, how has this performed against other types of public equities? Sure. So again, there's 10,000 micro caps in North America under 300 million. And if you ever, if you actually pull the CSRB data,  I think it's been around 17% compounded compared to 12 and a half, which is the next highest decile. So the next highest decile is sub 500 million. So you really want to, or at least I have been focused since the start of my career on the smallest decile. And the reason for that is these companies are so small, are so illiquid that institutional capital can't invest in these small companies. And it's why I believe kind of the small micro cap ecosystem is one  flow into them at that point in time. And then to take it a step further, not only the smallest, but there's some white papers done by Roger Ibertson called liquidity as an investment style. So he analyzed illiquidity as a factor in regards to performance. And what he found going back to, I believe, 1971, looking at around 3,500 public equities was actually the best performing companies since 1971 were the illiquid microcap companies.  And usually when the market or the economy starts to teeter and these institutions want to take risk off, where their investors want to pull capital out of what is seen as a riskier equity, they pull it out of those funds, out of those indices, the Russell Biker Cap Index, and they usually get hammered really quickly. It's just a constant bid-wacking when the economy starts to suffer a little bit. And I think that's why actually this history has shown that  Good way to think about it is, let me give you kind of an example of a typical kind of micro cap that I would invest in. Let's say it's, you know, not to name a name, but micro cap XYZ. The stock is trading at $1.30 per share. Let's say it has a market cap of 50,000,000, five zero. You know, I would say on average that that micro cap might trade 20,000, 30,000 shares per day. So, you know, that might be $40,000 of volume per day.  and they probably have five or six analysts covering them, not nearly as much as something like a large cap, like let's say Target, which everybody knows, which probably trades around $115 per share, trades about $400 million of volume per day, has about 40 analysts covering it, 1,900 institutions that own it. So that kind of gives you kind of what I'm talking about from illiquid mikercap to liquid mikercap to large cap, what it kind of looks like, the difference.  doing a lot of research, the micro cap space feels like it's actually a very process driven and very different than kind of the large cap space. So just help me understand like what does that process look like and what are the differences to maybe what people are doing in the large cap space? Sure. What's interesting about micro cap is you have the same types of investors investing in these companies as you do in the large caps. And what I mean by that is, I mean, you'll find deep value investors investing down in these small micro caps.  another metric, you know, there's 10,000 microcaps, but there's still 7,000 of them under 100 million microcap. So a majority of them are the smaller ones, which is good. And I would say the main thing there is you don't, you have to do the work, you know, that there's no analyst report to pull down and do research with. You're the one that has to actually do the work due to diligence, read the filings, read the financials, communicate with management, all of these things. And so the process,  I'm actually in the process of doing this in the UK on the London AIM exchange, looking at the microcaps on the AIM exchange in London, literally going through A through Z. And it's very tedious, but it's the only way you don't miss something. A lot of times your edge in this business is your ability and willingness to kind of sift through a mountain of uninvestable ideas, trying to find that needle in a haystack. So brute force is a big area of how do you find these networking, just through the years of me doing this,  You're just looking at PRs filings. I do sometimes do screens. I don't find them very useful. You know, serendipity, you know, just stumbling on an idea, just keeping your eyes and ears open. But those are primary areas to find ideas. You know, you have to use all of those tactics to try to find these companies. And that's what we're trying to do here. I mean, we're, I'm trying to find great companies early. You know, I'm not a deep value investor. I don't have a willingness to want to buy something that's  very important to talk to because the smaller the company, the more important management becomes. A lot of times these CEOs aren't just the CEO, they're the chief marketing officer, they're taking the trash out, they make the coffee in the morning, they wear a lot of hats and so you wanna make sure that the person leading that company is the right person. So in addition to that, a lot of it, Microcap gets a bad rap because of a lot of the  a large cap company would do or is there some different type of information that is available or not available? For most of the micro caps, they file with the SEC. They have audited financials. If they don't, many of them, and I would say, let's call it 70%, 80% of micro caps. They're just like looking at Google where they file their financials on sec.gov. You can look through them. You can find that information.  really get rid of a lot of the risk, you know, focus on the companies that are filing with the SEC and focus on the companies that are actually making a profit. About 18% of all the micro caps are profitable. So you'll, you'll, you know, save yourself a lot of pain if you just focus on the profitable ones when you start. Yeah. And to me, this feels like and I've joked with people before, micro cap investing is very similar to venture capital investing. It's just a different type of company has likely  And then there's small public companies. And everybody loves to glorify venture capital. Everybody loves to glorify small private equity. Everybody likes to beat up old micro cap as an investment class. And a lot of people forget that some of the best investors ever started here. Warren Buffett, Peter Lynch, Joel Greenblatt, they all started in these small micro cap companies. It's just that their net worth grew and they grew out of investing in this class. And the best companies ever, like Walmart, Netflix, Celgene, Intuitive Surgical,  It's a big reason why I'm active on social media. It's not because I want to pull people into any of my brands because a lot of what I do is capacity constrained. It's mainly just to keep the light shining on this space. So when we look and compare them to kind of private equity, it really changes geography base. Like here in the US, historically, and a lot of people don't talk about this either, Anthony. A lot of people talk about the decline in public companies.  And yes, maybe 90% of them went away or shouldn't have been public or whatever, but it's kind of the law of large numbers. A certain percentage of them would have graduated up into small cap and became listed. And since 2010, that 800 a year went down to about 100. So it's a really big fall off that I think that's been impacting the public markets as well. And those companies when they went public, I mean, you're talking about a company that had the ability to raise a million, 2 billion, 3 million, and then just go public.  And their populace mean they're very resource centric in Australia and Canada. They're not as risk averse as we are down here. And it's hard to find a Canadian citizen that doesn't own a junior exploration company in Canada or something like that. And so it's just a very, it's a much more active scene in those two geographies compared to the US. I don't know if that helps answer your question. No, it does. And how do you think about portfolio construction? So our mutual friend Adam Singer said to ensure that I ask you about  It's probably similar to how you would, I don't want to put words in your mouth, but it's probably how you would talk about Bitcoin for you, where it's like, you're not telling people to go 100%, you know, into, and it's kind of what I say with microcap, you know, I'm a little bit of an oddball, you know, this is all I know how to do. And so, you know, 95% of my assets are in microcap companies. And that sounds completely deranged to most people. But I, you know, I tell other people, you know, this is kind of something where you look at your portfolio and can you devote 5%, 3%, whatever percent to these small growing assets?  to cover my expenses until my portfolio grew to a size where I could just quit all of that and just manage my own portfolio full time. And that's what I did in 2008 and the depths of the crisis. And, but while I was doing that, while I was building that capital, I was in three or four companies. I was very super concentrated. And I was willing to take that type of risk, make those types of bets. And so it was not unusual to see 50% of, you know,  at cost and then let it run. Where before I would probably take it up to 25 or 30% like right away. What I realized over the years is, it makes sense to buy a little bit, wait for these management teams to prove themselves and then don't be afraid to average up. Some of my biggest winners over the years have been coming from averaging up into a good situation, not constantly averaging down in something that's disappointing you. And so that's a little bit how my portfolio is.  because you're hitting on two key themes that I think everyone likes to talk about, but it's really hard to do and people get nervous when forced to do it. But the first is concentration builds wealth and diversification protects it, right? And this is kind of tried and true over the years, investors in all kinds of different sectors kind of all talk about that, which you just did. And then the second thing is this idea of the best investors are really pressing their winners, right? So it's kind of an average to good investor will make a small investment. It'll go up three times.  Yeah, exactly. Especially it depends on how you invest. Like I said, I'm trying to find companies a lot of times at the inflection point of profitability. And so, you know, a 10 bagger in my world is something that is losing money, breaks even and starts making money. You know, and that can happen over a few quarters or a few years. But you know, something that loses 10 cents a share to breaks even to earns 10 cents over a year or two. You know, that's a 10X.  I got lucky kind of early in my career when I was really building capital and a couple ideas where I pressed the bet hard out of the gate and I ended up being right. And that works when you're right. And it doesn't work when you're not right. And so now I kind of eased back a little bit, make a smaller investment and just, I'm much more active to add to that position now. How has the pandemic changed the way that you look at investing in this sector? Or maybe it hasn't changed anything at all, but like what's been kind of your experience  that aren't in those indices that aren't in a lot of micro cap funds, you know, haven't had those same tailwinds. So you can still kind of find value, you know, if you will down there. And so that's one of the dynamics I've been seeing even my portfolio today, which is probably 50 50 listed companies versus OTC. The OTC ones are definitely underperforming the ones that are listed right now, but you know, kind of how my portfolio, what I generally look for is four main things when I look at a company and this has evolved over the years, but I'm,  fundamental underpinnings over the two or three year time period. And then I'm looking for an organization that has what I believe is kind of that intelligent fanatic type leadership. And so those are kind of the four filters that I put on top of every new thing I look at. And just not that many companies fall out the bottom of that funnel. And that first one, a business that can grow through a recession, that gives you a lot of comfort even in a COVID environment that you're invested in these quality types of businesses  They're so small, they're already somewhat illiquid. Is there a business in doing that? Have people tried that before? Has it not worked? Have you thought about it? Just talk to me about kind of this idea of you've got a small cap stock that wouldn't require nearly as much capital as let's say a very large cap stock and kind of bringing them back into the private markets. You definitely see that. I've probably been contacted a dozen times over the last three years from private equity firms  So I'm kind of go away, but a lot of them are active. There's 600 companies since 2011 that have been profiled and discussed on Wicher Cap Club. I think we're up to 92 of those companies have been acquired. So 92 of the 600. So that's a decent percentage of that. And not all of that's private equity. Some of that's just a private company buying a public company. And you're starting to see that where you're seeing private company valuations get to a point where it's actually more prudent for them to buy  but I had my run, this was great, but I'm gonna go and focus on venture capital. I'm gonna go focus on large cap stocks or just do something else other than micro cap. Like what would kind of be that inflection point or that lever that you would just kind of throw your hands up and say, it's not worth my time. It'd be worth doing something better with my capital and energy. I don't think I could ever see myself doing that just because I'm not in a hundred companies and I don't need to find 15 companies a year. I'm in a dozen.  It's pretty bad here in the US, but I still find, you know, a half a dozen ideas a year probably that fit those four filters I told you about that are really good situations. So I love that answer. What is the process you go through in terms of when you you mentioned talking to the management teams is a key piece for you. What are you looking for? What are you the questions you're asking and kind of how does that differ than maybe again a venture capital  and how they would raise capital if they had to. Because unlike those markets like private equity and venture capital, there's not a lot of good sources of capital for small public companies. A lot of the service providers that are in this arena, they'll give you $2 million of capital, but they'll also dilute you 40%. It's such a, it'll be covenant. It's just a bad situation for a lot of small companies. So a lot of the conversations I have with management is just  In 2000, let's see, five, six, I was heavily invested in kind of junior exploration, mining precious metals companies. And so there was a good two or three year period of time where I was solely focused on this arena. And I probably got a little bit lucky during that time period as well, but I still invest in that area. And what I tried to focus on are companies that actually have production of gold or precious metals, not just the ones that are expensive.  50 grid pattern holes through the surface, you know, in a small micro cap company. So I'm, I mainly focus on producers because I think historically they have found the biggest kind of pay days on, on new resources. And, um, I also try to find those that have an operator running the business that have had a history of success that looks at mining and their business like a business, not just a promote or a stock to get up and raise more capital.  company to see who they really are. And it's just like any relationship, whether it's with your wife or whatever, it's hard to build that trust overnight, just in a conversation or two. And so a lot of my time is spent having conversations with a lot of CEOs to see who they truly are. And I've been lucky enough with a few in the mining area that had previous successes. They had took companies from very small to larger and just got to know them well. And I continue to make those bets on those same individuals.  You see kind of serial entrepreneurs in micro cap from time to time. A lot of times what you also see is somebody that started their micro cap in the 1980s and they're still running it today and they shouldn't be. So just because they've been around for a long time doesn't mean they should still be there. And it's probably a good spot for activism to take place. But primarily, I do like to try to find people that have previous success.  I do gold and silver that has a slice of my portfolio, to where it probably does make sense to devote some fraction of your portfolio to something like this. But you would be much more better to talk to about this than me. I'm a big fan of not opening my mouth when I know what I'm gonna say is gonna make people dumber. So. But I do find it interesting, right? Because one of the things that just talking to you is very obvious is like the things that you're looking at  valuable and that's going to be the product of these promises. It's going to be as big as the internet and that type of perspective. Or it's going to be a clean tech space in the mid 2000s, where they had a bunch of excitement and then it didn't really produce anything and people lost money. And so to me, it has a lot of the ingredients of the companies that you look at, but it has a much more binary outcome. I'm not sure how many microcaps go to zero every year.  more than that, but probably the numbers are probably even similar. And it just, it's probably the same due diligence process too. Tom Shaughnessy has been beating me over the head about crypto and Bitcoin for so many years. And I was like, Tom, leave me alone. One of these days I'm just going to have to find, find, you know, I got to educate myself a little bit more on this. I get on a podcast like this and that sounds like an idiot, but I think you're right. Don't let Tom get in your ear, man. He'll get you. I love it. When I ask people for questions,  and  is $300 an ounce, let's say, on our goal that we produce. And how we're going to spend that cash flow is a third to taxes, a third to exploration, a third is a dividend. And if we get our production up to this rate, we think we can pay a dollar per share dividend. Everybody's like, yeah, whatever. Yeah, sure. Well, they made into production by 2010. And I think it was by 2011, 2012, they hit a dollar per share in a dividend. And that stock ultimately went from $1 to $30.  they pulled it off. So it goes back to doing something different than everybody else. If you're right, usually ends up leading to incredible value creation. If you end up being wrong, though, you're just the idiot in the room, right? Yeah, exactly. What's the outcome is an important part. Exactly. And on the bad side, I think it was the investment I made right after that. And I don't know if you tend to, if you see this in your career, Anthony, but a lot of times the worst decisions you make is right after a big win.  the auditor couldn't find the cash that the company supposedly said they had. It opened back up 50% lower. I sold then, you know, and then it ultimately went down to zero in about two months. And that was one of the biggest, one of the biggest losses I took. And, you know, I learned a couple of valuable lessons there, you know, mainly from not investing in companies that have products or services that you don't completely believe in. Yeah. What other lessons did you learn from something like that? Because I think when people lose money, that's actually the biggest thing  And so you're trying to find these things that aren't squeaky clean quite yet. You're betting that they will be. And so one of the lessons was trying not to let that situation like that completely take away my courage to make another investment in something that's not perfect. So I continue to make choices, make investments into things where I know, and as well as companies that I hold, I'm gonna be wrong on probably five or six of these.  and when you put these positions on, what are the things you've learned over time or maybe some processes you have in terms of being confident enough to say, look, I was wrong or something changed and I'm gonna go ahead and cut this position. But what does that look like for you? Usually, so I have a system set up with every one of my investments where each one of these companies, and this is probably where it's changed to where, I told you I was in three or four companies when I was kind of building capital and I was on top of those companies.  tracking the conversations that I have with management, not that they're telling me anything that they shouldn't, but just the tone difference in a conversation. It's amazing just how you can just spot a tone difference in the conversation with a CEO that you've talked to a hundred times before and you're like, you know, something's wrong here. It's not that he told me anything, just that I can tell the enthusiasm has changed. And I would say 50% of the stocks that I sold, you know, were just because of some, when there's soft cues like that, you know, and that's why it's hard to do with this business or do what I do and how invest,  a pretty good piece of advice. Talk to me a little bit about microcapclub.com and then Intelligent Fanatics Capital Management. Like what are you guys doing with capital management side and then in terms of microcapclub.com? Sure. So I became a full-time private investor in late 2008 and 2009. And I had my own blog at that point in time where I was talking about the handful of ideas that I liked. And quite honestly, it was just getting too much attention. I was in these small liquid equities.