 All right, guys, bang, bang, man, do I have a treat for you guys today? All right, sir. Thank you so much for doing this. Let's do it. You're welcome. Thanks for having me. For sure. All right, so people who do not know who you are, there's like two people listening who don't know who you are. Let's go through your background and kind of what you did up until Pinterest and Gumra.  to USC for computer science and computer engineering. I had started in high school making iPhone apps. That was sort of the big aha moment for me is when I saw that sort of famous Steve Jobs presentation in 2007, you know, the internet communications device or whatever he called it at the time, which, you know, made it possible for me to basically sell directly to the internet, like just people I didn't even know or I could just make an app and then Apple would handle like  Hey, we work on this thing called Pinterest to help you collect, organize, share the things that you love. Just a few people at the time, this is fall of 2010, so they didn't have an iPhone app, Instagram had just sort of launched around then. And I said, sure, I'll charge you $4,000 to make Pinterest for iPhone. That was not enough time nor money for me to actually finish the project. I didn't really know what I was doing at the time, but I ended up joining full-time in January.  at that point. What changed things was, I mean, one, I didn't really know, like, wow, these startups would have really genuinely just reached out to a freshman, right? It turns out in hindsight, there was so much demand, so little supply on the iOS engineering and design side that they had sort of capped out on people in the bay and they had to kind of find these other folks. But yeah, I mean, the way I sort of pitched it to my mom and myself  know. This is not what I want to do at all. And I don't know if that was me just like playing games to myself or like I was trying to like come up with a reason to sort of I've noticed myself doing that in a couple other life instances as well. But yeah, I was kind of like I can find out now I can get paid for it instead of paying for it. Right. And and yeah, I just thought, you know, like, worst case, this is like a gap year, right? Like I joined this company, I get paid, I do it for a year, if it works, it works. If it doesn't work, I can go back to school. Right. Like I  see this massive company and great success story today, but you got there and you're employee number two. What is it like? Yeah. I mean, people ask me this all the time. How was it like working in the early days of Pinch? I was just watching Hamilton and it reminded me, I don't want to make this kind of, maybe this is not the most, I have a cooze analogy, but they didn't know what they were doing. They didn't know what would have happened later.  It's really hard to predict. So it's like, okay, yeah, we'll just keep doing this thing. Like I was just shipping, you know, features every day I'd come in, you know, like nine, 10 in the morning, like work, you know, get launch work until six, seven, and then leave, you know, like there was just not that different than what you do anywhere else. Right. It's just like, and it's interesting. Even Gumroad now, like people ask me and I'm like, look, it's the same. Like Gumroad could be 30 times bigger in volume and scale. And my job would roughly be identical. That's the beauty of software.  creation metric, right? The KPI that you're going after. It was really normal, you know, it was really normal, at least in my world. And, you know, VCs will come by and like meet the company and I would like chat with like Matt Coler from benchmark or whatever. But it was very normal, right? I think that it's actually a problem that I have because I've never experienced anything except that, right? Like I was at Pinterest and I started Gumroad and that's all. And I remember even at Pinterest, I was like, this thing's going to be massive. Like, I think this is going to be a multi-billion dollar company.  kind of get lucky and now I got lucky. So that's why you're listening to me talk today, right? Like it's hard to, it's hard to kind of detach those things. It's not falsifiable. Yeah. And so what's so interesting to me about your story is, uh, you were there early. You did see the metrics. Like you did have that insight of, Hey, this is going to be a billion dollar company or whatever, but then you chose to leave. Right. And, and, um, maybe talk a little bit about like when you first started to think about potentially leaving, like what was the thought process there? And then was there something  the next weekend when I had sort of blocked off the time to work on a new thing, I was more excited about going back to that old thing. That was the first time out of, I don't know, 10, 20 different little ideas. And so there was something there, right? There was something really interesting about, there was something about that idea. And sort of like now it might be more obvious, like the app store basically solved all of these logistical problems for me so I could just go make stuff and sell that stuff. I think there was sort of a connection that I didn't really see there.  like the activation energy has to sort of like supersede all of that. And I think Gumroad was kind of like that. And like investors had started pinging me about it saying, hey, like we saw this thing on Acronews, like we see you're an early employee at Pinterest, would you ever consider leaving? And then honestly, I'd say the third sort of element was I think I was just like a kind of a young stupid kid, right? Like I joined a startup right out of, you know, I was 18, second employee at this company that was, you know, on this crazy growth trajectory, you know, and so I was like,  everything that you know you you just learn way more and like way more people know who I am than if I was just like you know sort of an early employee at pictures. As you went through the decision making process like what was the original idea for Gumroad and what kind of did you actually when you left what was built and kind of what was more of a vision but not yet built. Yeah I mean it was really simple the way that I thought about it initially was it's Bitly plus a credit card form right.  They might have millions of followers that want to give them money and yet don't have a website. Right. And so that was like the thing was like, okay, what do people use to kind of share content? Bitly, like, okay, Bitly plus credit card, you know, before they get to the sort of the end content, like, let's build that. And so that's all Gommert was like super, super simple. I had all these ideas for like, what could that enable? But I think, I think when you democratize something, you just have no idea, right? Like you, you have no idea like what, what the consumer sort of,  and they just want a lemonade stand, right? Like that's all they want. They wanted to kind of trial this thing out. How much of that is there? And I don't know because these people have done it privately. They don't sort of share this stuff publicly. And so that was kind of the thing was like, I'm just going to go. And that's how I kind of pitched to investors like involved on X-Lifeche. And I was like, look, I don't know where this is going, but there's something interesting about sort of just making it what if it was, you know, five minutes to create a storefront, right? What happens if you do that?  don't know, right? Like, you don't know where the people keep it's like even the stock market, right? Like people keep trying to say, Oh, this is why. And it's just like, no, you don't know. It's a complex system. And if you knew why, you know, you wouldn't be telling anybody, honestly, like, you know, you would be a, you know, calling or shorting the market, you know, on a daily basis, if you really, if you really had the sort of conviction. Yeah, the one thing, though, that I think you did have, at least it sounds like an idea that was going to continue  to trend lines of society, right? And it's like something that's hard is gonna get easier over time. Something that's expensive is gonna get cheaper over time. Something that only companies with 100 plus employees can do is gonna, companies with 10 employees or one employee eventually are gonna be able to do, right? And so it was like finding those things. And really, I really believed, like the insight I think I have, I sort of had to sum it up in a sentence was,  radio, record store, label, publishing house. There are all these sort of traditional things. And if you look at the economics of it, right, the artists make very little as a percentage of sort of the volume that they're really driving. And so I said, this is weird. Like there's all of this, this sort of like inefficiency in the commerce side. There's all of this efficiency being brought into this sort of communication, discovery side. And so my guess is eventually this stuff  a dishwasher used to refer to a human being, right? It's often still does, but you know what I mean? Like a computer actually used to be a human being, right? Like these are people and jobs that we don't need for our society to function anymore. And that's great because those people can go do something else, right? That is sort of a better use of their time, more creative use of their time. And so that was kind of the insight was like, there's clearly this shift happening that I don't see slowing down, which is every single person, it's still happening, right?  able to communicate very effectively with everybody else that they want to, right? And sell directly is sort of like the next step of that. And so that was the trend. But even like Gumra, before Gumra, that was happening too, right? Like people had blogs instead of, I guess, submitting op-eds to like their local newspaper or something, right? Like this is a, like, that's the other thing is I think there's this why now question people ask, but I really think it's a slope and it's like, it's like, it should have already been happening and it  So it's like, I was already communicating directly with my audience on Twitter 12 years ago. It's a probably pretty good bet that I'm just early, right? And there's gonna be way more people doing this. And it sort of goes in line with my philosophy around doing the fun and all these other things, but it's like, find the thing that you really believe you're early, not iOS development, right? For me, it was that as well, cryptocurrency might be that for you or other people. It's so hard.  side project that then all of a sudden starts to gain subtraction and people start reaching out and saying, hey, do you want to raise money? Do you want to leave? You know, you obviously are watching the metrics. And at some point you do decide to leave. Now, to clear up one of the, I think, misconceptions, being the second employee at Pinterest does not mean you get to be rich forever if you leave before your stock fest, which is what you did. And so talk me through kind of the transition now. When did you raise money? Kind of what was that conversation like?  So like, let me, you know, even though I have this cool idea, you know, and Pinterest is fine, but not as cool as starting my own company. Like, let me just wait for a while, right? But again, if I did that, like, I would have hit my one year. And then every month there's like this, you know, so I don't know. I don't know if that would have been a better decision for me. Maybe I could have, my presence would have tanked the company and Pinterest wouldn't be anything today. Who knows? But yeah, I think it was just, it was just,  you're gonna be put next to somebody and you're just like, I don't really like this person that much, right? And I just, I don't know, I don't think I could ever do that again, honestly, right? Which is, I just think it wasn't about the financial thing, but certainly it was stupid. Like I should have been smarter about it. I should have probably negotiated with Pinterest or something, but I just didn't know anything, right? And they denied it. I think it was like a sort of a new first situation for everyone involved and sort of a trial by fire. But certainly I think I could have probably figured out a way to keep, you know,  of the entrepreneur's journey. And so let's start with the initial up, which was you walk out of Pinterest with Gumroad, you raise some money, what are investors investing in, who do you go talk to, why take Kleiner's money? What was that all like as you started the company? Yeah, I had a few investors who ping me saying, hey, if you do a company, let me know. A bunch of investors who followed me on Twitter  who have Pinterest and being a technical developer, et cetera. But I would just talk and be like, look, I'm building this. I'm really interested in this sort of democratization of commerce, starting with the lemonade stand to the Shopify. What does that look like? And I ended up, yeah, so I would meet with all these people and then they, basically, a few of them would say, I'm in, let me know. By the way, you should talk to my friend, right? And so that's, you kind of, there's this tree that kind of builds pretty  and then the Kleiner happened pretty soon after. I moved up to the city, got an office, started building stuff. And I don't really know what happened. I think there was, there's only one series A that if a company can raise, right? And I think there's, so there are like eight to 10 firms that are kind of tracking all these kind of precede seed funded companies. And I think I must've just been like one of those companies that was super hot, came out of the gates and at least two companies  you're hot right now, like you can kind of raise on the story that you're telling and you're convincing. But the minute you have a year or so worth of data that maybe shows there's some holes in your story, which might be true, might not be true, you might not be able to raise as easily. So these people are paying up right now and they might pay up even more, but they also might see the data and be like, oh, there's nothing here, right? The emperor has no clothes. And so I was like, yeah,  stuff for years and really figure this thing out and not have to context switch into this fundraising cycle. Which in hindsight I think had some downsides to doing that too. But it was just so, the idea that I could just work on something for years and not have to sort of talk to anybody else and just focus on building was just so appealing to me. So that's kind of what I ended up doing.  to that moment. Yeah, I mean, we grew for, you know, we did okay. Like, I think we, as you mentioned, it's like, yeah, VCs, they kind of think of it like you, you know, like, like jet fuel, right? Like, just make sure your point is in the right direction. Before you before you use it. And yeah, we did okay. Like we, you know, we grew to a nice, like, probably one and a half to two million annual revenue. Business were growing maybe like 60, 80% a year at that point.  and not have that and learn about that. Obviously not nice entirely, but yeah, we did that. Kleiner gave us a bridge of 2 million bucks while when we realized it was gonna be hard to raise more money to really sort of double down on sort of growth and not have to do layoffs then, which would have been kind of like a death meal for the company. And so they gave us a $2 million bridge at a 4X liquidation preference. So at that point we had $16.5 million in preferences.  we went from 20 employees down to five employees and got to profitable because that was like the number one thing I wanted to do was like, look, we're paying like two, two and a half million dollars a month to our creators, right? Like we might not be like a crazy successful VC business, but like we're still meaningful for these people. And so like we need to get to profitable because I can't just turn off the faucet for them. And so we did that with five people got to profitable, got rid of the San Francisco office in 2016. And then I left, I ended up moving to ProFist.  which basically means if I sell the company for 16 and a half, they get 16 and a half and I get zero, which is the deal. I'm not complaining. That's just what we got into. But it basically means like a $1.5 million annual curtain revenue business growing at that rate is not worth that and will not be worth that for a long time. And so I said, look, like I tried, I'm gonna put this thing on autopilot. I'm gonna try out the four hour work week and then write and paint and kind of explore my life.  because I want the, we're never gonna build this great business, but the world can benefit from all this technology that we've done. And they were like, well, if you do that, it kind of is a way to say, look, there's nothing here, let's just clean up the books and this is gonna be some free software for people. And they were like, that's still worth something, we still kind of have the IP ownership of that. And then randomly, kind of like three months or so later, they were just like, hey, would you be able to  sort of shifted a little bit. But I think that sort of some of the context that gets missed here is like a lot of people are like, ha ha, Kleiner, like they lost, you know, they basically wrote off this investment that might now be doing well, but that's Gumroad is in this different place. But the truth is like, I think Gumroad would not be in this place without that having happened, right? Like they had kind of suffocated the company in a sense because we raised all this capital and I couldn't work on it, it just didn't make sense for me to work on it. And when that went away and down a $2 million  what's gonna happen or the Heisenberg sort of uncertainty principle, right? Like you kind of mess around with the experiment. You never know like the sort of the position and speed or whatever kind of metaphor. Yeah, so before we kind of start analyzing some of this, just where is Gumroad today? Like what metrics or kind of numbers, how do you talk about where the business is today and how it's doing? Yeah, so what I say is we're processing around $150 million a year for creators.  just gonna keep building stuff and shipping software and making it better and better and better. And we're kind of on the faster horse kind of thing, right? Like Steve Jobs has the quote. I'm like, look, we're happy building the fast. The car could only have been invented by one person one time, right? And we're happy with the faster horse. Our creators are very happy with just focusing on the problem and making it better and better and better and not trying to kind of go too big or try to bite off too much or what happened.  venture, you talk all the time about should people raise money? Should they not? What's the high level of how you break down? When do you raise venture and when does it maybe not make sense? Yeah, I mean, I think you raise venture if there's something you want to do that you just don't have the profit stream to do so. If you're like, I need to solve this problem and I want to solve it now and I need some money to go solve that problem and I'm willing to sell. People always talk about it like, oh, you  And so you're selling, you're getting a million bucks. You're also selling 20% of your company for it. And you just have to do the math. Is it worth it? Can you build this, you know, without, without that, you know, maybe you should. I think I always, you know, I, I always try to ride the line between VC is bad and VC is good. Cause I think both of those are, are simplifications. I think most people kind of understand that, but especially people in the industry, I think they do. There's no one who will tell you to not raise money faster than a VC. I feel like.  around a certain incentive model around there, they get a bunch of stock and then that stock appreciates in value. And then at some point they liquidate that stock, which is a very different model from you work at this company and you get a profit share, right? That's a fundamentally different kind of business. And Gomorrhad kind of got lucky because we basically went down to zero. And so when I rebuild the company with new folks and everything, I could say, look, this is not that kind of company anymore, right? So don't join if you're looking for that because we have the network  you lose some of the impact, the urgency, the sort of, when you're fighting a war, there's some good things that come out of that too. And I have empathy for that as well. I just think it's like, yeah, if you have plenty of money and customers are paying you plenty of money, you might not have to raise, or you might be able to raise like one password did, right? Like a lot of money at a very low dilution and sell a lot of secondaries to do it.  those are the only two ways you're going to get liquidity on your stock in like a meaningful way. And so just know that, right? Just know that that's the, and there's nothing wrong. Gumroad might still IPO one day, right? But, you know, but yeah, I just think a lot of people get into it and they go through YC, they raise a couple of million bucks. And then they're like, oh, I didn't know that this is what that meant. Like I actually have to go for this kind of home run strategy, right? Otherwise it's not meaningful. One of the things I've always thought would be really interesting  By the way, both are fine, right? And neither one is right. It's just the finish line of what makes you comfortable or not comfortable ends up actually dictating what you do on the fundraising side much, much more than, you know, Hey, I need the money today because if not, then I can't hire this employee. Yeah. It's like a great tweet, right? He says like the only thing that sort of level of what a measure of intelligence is, did you get what you want out of life or whatever? Right. Which is just to say, like, look, like if you want, you know, to run like a,  to that scale or that level of impact or whatever, but you're also almost definitely not going to get there anyways. Just yeah, just know, kind of know. And I think the thing that a lot of people miss, like some of the anti-VC crowd, I think when they look at my journey, they're like, oh, look at this person. He got used or like he was like, you know, manipulated or, and I do think like one, I have loved every moment in my life, right? Like I'm, I've never been in a place where I feel like, oh, I don't want to be here right now. Like I signed up for everything. I knew kind of what I was getting  this blog post about not building a billion dollar business and not kind of being able to use venture capital to build a venture scale business. The post goes viral and now, you know, you pretty much got a venture scale business, right? You're growing a hundred percent year over year, $10 million in ARR. Like it kind of looks like almost what a early stage investor was expecting or hoping that you would do. His question is, did the blog post contribute to you becoming a venture scale business?  and so people thought I'd sold the business, people thought it was dead, everyone had their own kind of telephone game kind of going on. And so I was like, I'm just gonna write this piece, kind of show it to everybody, everyone can kind of know what happened, right? I can say that I don't have any picture stock and I can just clarify all of these things. And so I did that and then yeah, it just kind of went sort of super viral, 800,000 people read it. I gained a bunch of Twitter followers from that, which kind of like started this like new sort of  I think really resonated with people, but I think the biggest one was just that there is like some level of uncertainty here, right? And like, you just need to be comfortable with building, not knowing exactly what's gonna happen, right? You can't predict like if this is gonna be a billion dollar thing, a hundred million dollar thing, a $10 billion thing, like no one really knows. Like you should just really focus on building something you think is interesting and valuable for people that sort of gives you the lifestyle that you want. And then just be happy where you are  But even friends of mine at top tier firms are like, hey, but have you thought about this? And I'm like, look, we're profitable, we make money. Money is not the bottleneck for us right now. And I know the creator economy is super hot, I know these things are happening, but we still don't know how this thing's gonna play out. And I'm just not willing to, it's a very different deal for a VC, a VCCs. A VC gets IRR, so their investment begins  I'm going to spend a couple years just building the stuff that I want to build for the people I want to build for with this, you know, a little bit more of like a vessel for me to kind of explore those kind of things. And then I can say, you know, let's go big, right? Let's find a new CEO who wants to go big. Like, I don't know what that looks like. It probably doesn't look, I've thought about doing a reggae plus, like doing sort of a crowdfunding kind of fundraiser around it from our creators and the community. That might be really interesting. I just think there's a lot of  therefore they can't do that. And I'm in this weird, I'm in this weird spot where I, so I feel like it's almost like my duty to kind of just experiment a little bit and like kind of just push the envelope in ways that are probably bad. They're probably not going to lead to change. So they're sure like the Lindy kind of effect there. But I think it's worth it. It's worth sort of pushing the Overton window a little bit. Like what if we don't need meetings? What if we don't need this? What if we do need this other thing? What if we open source all this stuff that no one does?  I think one misconception is that I think people think I just started doing it right after the blog post or like I sort of like adopted this new style and I was thinking about these other folks who've done it like Justin does it really well, Justin Kahn, Nabil, Balaji and I and me I guess and and and I realized that like they've been doing it for a long time like you can go back I mean Justin Kahn he literally had a camera taped to his head for 24 hours a day right?  because that's how I learn, that's how I get feedback, that's how I feel good about what I'm doing. And I can look, and it's just like a feedback mechanism. It's like, why would I, like, I can do a fund and I'm gonna have to spend all this time reading stuff and like talk to all these people one-on-one and like make progress. Or I can just tweet, hey, I have a fund, no one does that. Like, it's not even close, I'm just gonna talk about it. And then 100 people, 200 people can be like, hey, what have you thought about this? What about this? You should talk to them. Like, to me, like that,  seen there and even when I got the USC was minimal. So I was always trying to like find my people online, you know, and hacker news and Twitter and forums and things like that. But I just I do think there's some sort of like fundamental personality trait that I don't know what it is. Like I don't consider myself an extrovert, but there's just kind of like weird interesting version of an introvert or something that like just wants to make me like I started painting. I'm like, I'm going to create an Instagram account and start posting my paintings because that's like I want to have a journal and I want people to see my improvement.  like, I'm, I'm just doing what I do. And it feels right to me. And it, you know, just like I got into, I was development because it felt right, not because I thought it was going to be a good thing. And I'm like, I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it  become successful, but the truth is if you're starting out today, the way that you become successful is going to look very different, right? Because the platforms, the growth, the macro trends are different, right? And I can't tell you what those are. Like you have to be a kid who's like in the middle of nowhere messing around with like AR stuff or like, you know, audio, social networks or whatever and be like, oh, this is a really interesting idea. And that's been, you know, a few years and then it's like all of a sudden the whole world is like paying attention, right? And I think John  number zero or gravity or like, you know, or the sort of evolution, right? Like, it's just like, no, you just got to do it because it's interesting and weird and like, it just, it's fun and it's satisfying to you. And then you might discover something like, like the United States of America, right?