 I think round two, maybe round three, but I think round two. Thanks so much for doing this, man. Thank you so much for having me, Palm. It's such an honor and always a pleasure. Absolutely. So for those that didn't listen to the first one we did together, maybe just let's start with kind of 60 seconds on your background and kind of the things you did to get to Republicans.  now 700,000 community members and investing in from seed stage all the way to like free IPO, some of the projects, crypto projects. But you know, most of our deals still are in traditional equity.  for which non-accredited investor in the US can acquire private securities or digital securities. Either the company has gone IPO, gone public, and that's a really high hurdle, obviously very few off that route. There's a regulation CF, stands for crowdfunding, very easy, couple thousand dollars, any project or company after two, three weeks can go through a platform like Republican Raise, but there's a cap  to lose leave, but it essentially means anyone and everyone. You can be a student, you can be a, you know, Bill Gates, and you can invest openly into the campaign. So how is relevant to digital securities or token offerings in the U.S. is that I do very much believe that the challenge, the roadblock for industry adoption up until now has been the lack of everyday folks participating. And there are a couple of reasons for that. One of which is  the different exemptions, different tools, gotta be like case by case analysis on how they come to apply. And that's why they isn't really anytime soon, like a SAS model that, hey, you come to us, no human touch by advice is needed and boom, you launch. No, because it depends on what your customer base look like and how much money you're looking to raise. So very few projects.  So when people are coming in to vet this, what's the type of information that they're getting today? And then what does that look like in terms of, you mentioned 700,000 kind of people on the platform. What does that look like in terms of capital raise so far? Yeah, if you go to Republic today, you see the public arm of Republic, which is companies that we have onboarded under either right CF or right A, meaning anyone can see even a student can invest as little as 10 or $20. Now the information that each company posts goes through our standard  and make their own assessment of whether or not this is a deal worth doing. And on that side, you only see a deal once we're done with it, unless you're invited as part of the network. We've deployed capital into Carta, SpaceX, Relativity, you know, all of Robinhood most recently. So the profile of the project is very different. One leaning later stage and the other one is on the earlier stage.  from the rest of the world. And I don't think so at all. I think blockchain is just a technology that's like interwoven with FinTech, necessarily so. So the investment and the product that we do, even on the surface seems to have nothing to do with crypto or blockchain down the road. We are working on tokenizing all of them and there will be DeFi products on the back of the investment that you're seeing right now. But diving back into your question,  people generally understand. So we see a lot of deals in that framework. And I think snowball money is the deal that most recently closed and that's a blockchain company. But in a way that's very relatable, you know, work obviously in finance. I think the block stack, the traditional protocols probably won't get mainstream adoption just because it's harder to understand. And so the adoption will come later, whereas I think DeFi and tokenized security  industry. But this year we do hope to close the year over 200 million in total investment volume. That's awesome. Congratulations on that. There's a lot of people who say, hey, digital securities, I've heard this narrative before, right? I thought that this was going to be a massive thing in 2018, 2019. It doesn't feel like it kind of accomplished what I thought it was going to accomplish. Not saying that it won't in the future, but just it kind of didn't happen as fast as I thought it would.  We're talking about making it possible for the masses to participate easily buy and sell bypassing the NASDAQ, the OTC, that's the world. Naturally, it will take a little bit of time. Everyone thought that like, hey, back in 2017, I certainly thought that by 2020, the word of finance would be much more decentralized. Blockchain would have played a bigger role and I was wrong. I was definitely wrong.  you do have to account for government and regulations and that whole compliance framework. The technology did not have adequate features to make that possible or feasible. Now, as of like the end of last year and earlier this year, everything is there. Even the legal and business framework, we had it back then, but no one has gone through it. Back in 2017, there had never been a reggae involving digital securities.  We've seen anything like that. We've seen real estate properties, you know, some like class B property somewhere being tokenized and available to accredited investors only. How can you have active trading, active market and adoption with that kind of a nascent emulsions? That said though, now I do very much believe that over the next 12 months, you're going to see a renaissance of sort when it comes to STO and digital securities.  of it is a profit sharing token. That is when a company on Republic sees an exit, we realize some proceeds and we pay that proceeds out to the token holders proportional to the token that they have. So if someone buys a Republic token and Robinhood or Space Act goes public in two years, there's going to be a very small amount, but an amount being paid out to the token holders. That is relatable, meaning people can look at it and say, here's a regulated business.  major movies, sport league studios, real estate portfolio, help them tokenize and make it available to the masses. But yes, I mean, the use case for tokenization, I think are just countless. And the concern is once the floodgate has been opened and people see the value in it, how can the system accommodate, you know, let's say all at once, 20 different very  There's no reinvestment in this one sense. Think of the easiest way of looking at it is this, if I may use an analogy. Back in 1996, if Amazon were to say that, hey, we're gonna issue pre-minted fixed 800 million token, and then we're gonna put 25% of our revenue from there on. Whenever 25% revenue is generated, they're gonna make a distribution now to these tokens on an average basis. At the time,  a company sees an exit, that upside potential is realizing cash. That cash is paid back through a stream, an issuer, and going back to the token border. So one way of another way of looking at it is that when we started out with this project and where I think we were Binance first portfolio company, we had done only about 15 raises and we've raised less than $6 million. And even at  is basically the profit of all of the successful companies that go through the Republic platform, right? Because if they're unsuccessful, there will be no profits, but when they are successful, it's a way to kind of almost index your exposure to a bunch of different companies, it seems like. Correct. So the unusual attribute of that, and you being one of the most prolific and known venture capitalists in the space, while it's generally speaking, we all know that if you just invest, even if you were to just invest with one or two or three  that every note holder, as long as you hold a note, when a company out of that pool exit, you're going to see a payout, which lends itself to a very unusual token economic issue. That is people will be reluctant to sell because the moment that if I hold a note token and I will sell it to you, Palm, and all of a sudden Robin Hood sees an exit, the payout will be to the new note holder, not me. So out of that, that, that psychology of wanting  or tokenize the equity of the business. Sounds like maybe now they're exploring the traditional side. At some point it feels like those two markets, like they meet, right? And either they merge together and play nicely or one ends up winning and the other ends up losing. And so just kind of how do you think about digital securities versus traditional market over like a very long period of time? I'm obviously gonna guess, make a guess here on the decision making process at Coinbase. But I think at one point the match went to  for. And yes, it is a way to provide, you know, public access. That said, there are still limitations to the traditional model in that once and if Coinbase is listed on NASDAQ, it's not easy at all for a Chinese resident and Ecuadorian resident, Peruvian, Vietnamese to participate. Those people cannot easily buy Tesla today and they will not be easily have access to Coinbase in the future. I think down the road,  they won't have candidates to go IPO given that people would already have opted for digital offerings much sooner. And so it sounds like it's fair to say that people can go from traditional non digitized equity and digitize at any point, right? And the kind of life cycle of the business, but it's much harder if you start out with digitized equity and kind of this token structure to go back to the traditional world, right? So at some point when you cross over, it's hard to go back and say,  that is good for investor, good for token holders, but gives you the ability that if you so choose, it becomes so crucial for the company to go public traditionally, that you have a way to give return back to note holders and basically be able to call back those tokens in a way that token holders are happy with and random shares in return. So there's still ways for you to go to reverse and undo things,  and the Slack do direct list things. We've seen the Virgin Galactic's go through these kind of SPAC acquisitions. And so there's definitely some pressure there or some change. It feels like digital securities is kind of further out than just a one or two year thing. But to your point, if it can solve some of these problems, there's a lot of companies that say, why wouldn't I do that if it's just a better path? And not only that, but truly the SPAC and the IPO process is only for the Coinbase of the world.  currently in the near term, the two models serve very two different demographic. Coinbase is probably the only company that I imagine that it was ever a more conversation of should we tokenize our equities and make it available that way or should we go public? And they seemingly chose to go public. But for pretty much everyone else, that's not a dilemma that they have to deal with. I don't think. Yeah, it's absolutely fascinating to kind of hear like  that if a customer, a consumer, a community member has skin in the game, he or she would be that much more, you know, ardent in, in, in evangelizing and buying more product and telling people about it. And that value proposition is played through and through. There's no clearer example of community, community ownership than the fact that Airbnb and Uber, B41IPO, asked the SEC permission to give equity to the drivers and the,  The second option is figuring out a digital security to make it available. If I were to have done or conduct a crowd offering for Republic, it works for those who get in right away, but it doesn't allow them to transfer these things easily. It doesn't allow me to make a distribution of $2 per share of a token back out. If someone holds three shares, how, what am I gonna wire, do an ACH, you know, payment.  and how it incentivized people to be more active is undeniable. And we believe that that value proposition is applicable to pretty much any business model with a community, maybe a sports league or a new project or a digital exchange based out of Somalia. Whether it may be if you have a community, digital tokenization and a token model can apply to amplify it.  and those people may have access to certain types of information that's considered sensitive or confidential. How does that play into this? That's a great question. And I want to clarify one thing is that the no holders have indirect access to these companies, but we only provide information that is public information. We would never provide information that the company hasn't released publicly for a couple of reasons. Deference to them is one thing. They also may be inaccurate. If I hear that the company might have done  But one example at how manageable that is, is the fact that Republic now through the Republic note sale now have more than 6,000 new investors coming in and counting. So if we can make it manageable, you can trust that we make available that same process to the companies going out on our platform. But it's a little bit too boring and archaic of a legal deep dive on how exactly that is achieved.  sure is not as challenging as planning for a wedding during a pandemic. And so on that note, I just want to say congratulations again. The past six months have been obviously an surreal time for all of us. I do think that companies looking to raise from venture capital, a traditional institutional capital, have been going through a hard time, meaning the public stock market has  delaying and a much more cautious about investing and providing more exposure to the private market, right? So the process at the very least has been dragged out longer for founders and projects looking to raise a traditional venture capital, institutional capital. On the other side though, retail capital has been doing very well. Like we, April was our best month yet, then May was much better than April, then June was like a better month for us.  people lost interest, now they stuck it home. So they're like, well, you know, between webinars and podcasts and newsletter and all of these things that they have more attention to follow. And I think the value proposition of private investing, which is obvious, this one interesting stats, I think is from the Boston consulting group that in the year 2030, 10 years from now, 75% of Fortune 500 companies in the year 2030  I don't think that anyone should be expecting to get rich out of private investing because they hear it in the news. It's just a wrong way of looking at it. But it's a really compelling thing to say that you got to be a bit more of a direct participant in entrepreneurship, given that it's changing how we are as a civilization. So I think that the message finally is getting through and because of that retail capital has, and I predict will continue to do very well,  that  this going kind of over the next five to ten years and then what are the obstacles in the way from where we are today to kind of that milestone? Two answers for that and that's a that's a hard question because forward-looking and I was wrong about how quickly SDO would be adopted back in you know 2017 but I'm very optimistic that that you're gonna see that in the next 12 at the latest 24 months and and seeing what if that's the question I think the easiest way of  make it possible so that a student in India can invest five bucks, $2 into this movie to be produced because she loves the prequel. And there's a non fungible token on her phone that shows that, hey, she's an investor in this new Superman movie. And that if she goes back to her school and can sell it to her classmate very quickly,  the iterations of tokenization naturally will come. It's very hard to predict the full scale of it because I fundamentally, I mean, I believe that this technology will fundamentally change private investing or private asset classes as we know of it. First is people getting in at the primary level and then the secondary market will develop. That will naturally unlock  completely off this rail. The challenge is and will be how fast and how aggressive the regulatory framework can adapt or hinder this process. DeFi is a very good example. So you see, I mean, something like over two or three billion dollars worth of assets now locked in various DeFi instruments. Still largely unregulated. And so people take these various positions and  that conversation or these conversations will take place in each country, I think basically is the one single factor that will enable one to predict how accurately, more accurately how fast or how slow this industry will mature. But that's something that's why, you know, I very much believe in the conversation with a legislator and regulators rather than ignoring and pretending that they're not there.  a  12 months. Yes. After we done with our public sale and we even though we oversubscribe now, we're going to, I think open a small allocation just to make our community happy. And after that is focusing on a few more things, which is, you know, qualifying our reg A application to make sure that we formalize the process of getting non accredited investor in. After that is really around community engagement, the whole process of making sure that we provide information for, for the,  to our own community. And so my interest and effort I think focus squarely probably 100% just on the notion of making tokenization, you know, hopefully mainstream at last. Still a little bit of way to go, but we think it's there. I love it, man. You continue to push the pace of innovation. So it's impressive to watch. I've been super excited about what you guys are doing and obviously the Republic note token, I think will  pretty much the entire white paper and all relevant information can be found at site. And I do want to clarify that as all things related to private investing, high risk, no investment that you don't expect or can't afford to lose in its entirety. And if you do invest in something new, like invest a very small amount, like think of it as like having fun with it and make sure that you read everything that is available to make that informed decision. But I hope you join us.  Thank you so much, sir.