 Thanks for having me on the show, Pomp. I'm actually really excited. I've obviously been a fan and watching your show for a long time and really honored to be part of the ranks. Absolutely. So for those that are just listening and not getting the pleasure of watching Joe, he is currently in a room where literally no one is going to be able to watch the show. And he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be in a room where he's going to be  my career as pre and post crypto, which is great because I can kind of talk a little bit about pre crypto, post crypto. But then there's also that sort of messy middle where I was already into crypto, but not full time into crypto. And that's actually one of my favorite zones to talk about because it actually talks about that transition. But to get back to your question, that's right. So I'm Joe Loloos. I'm the CEO and co-founder of Bison Trails and we're an infrastructure company in the blockchain space.  don't work out in terms of relationships and friendships and stuff. So I'm super proud of that. And him and I have been working together for a really long time. We're both technical. So we both have technical backgrounds, software engineering backgrounds, have spent a lot of time building the first versions of everything we've done. And this kind of becomes a little bit more relevant in particular with Vice Trails and what we're doing today. But I have spent a large part of my career as an entrepreneur in different stages of different companies.  So that's been really great. The last company that I worked on was this company called Grand Street. We were an online marketplace specifically for new consumer devices, so new hardware. One of the easiest ways to think about that is think of the sort of Kickstarter or Indiegogo type of folks, people that wanted to, they were quitting their app, their job at Apple or their job at Samsung. They had this really great idea for this new device, like Fitbit or Internet of Things scale  which was a new product category and quite frankly, pretty difficult to do. So we coined this concept of APIs for manufacturing, which is really connecting this world of software to this sort of world of hardware and using software to be able, sorry, using sort of this world of software and this world of manufacturing and using software to be able to bring the two sides together and creating efficiencies there. And if you know anything about the production world or the manufacturing world, you know, there's a huge amount of barriers to entry  marketplace for crafts. And we met the leadership team and the leadership team was really interested in this idea of using software to help scale businesses and democratize access to these tools to make it easier for independence to participate in this sort of global economy, this idea of this global economy. And so after some sort of back and forth, we talked to the Etsy leadership team about joining the team  sort of talk about there was two very, very unique experiences that as a software company founder or as a startup founder, you don't really get to do. One is scale and build a business that is a multi-billion dollar business. And I'm not sure what Etsy is currently trading at today, but has grown tremendously over the last few years, which is fantastic. And the second thing is actually to take a company public. So while obviously I wasn't on the executive team at Etsy,  obviously the crypto world's going crazy. What was your balance between what I call the day job, which was continuing to fulfill the role and responsibility that you had at Etsy, which I'm assuming either before or during 2017, you start saying like, oh, wait a second, there's this crypto blockchain thing going on. What was the first time you ever came across it and what drove some of that interest? Yeah, so my entrance into the crypto and blockchain space is  general and the intersection of technology and software. I think now it's a little bit more LMO or popular to build like sort of consumer FinTech companies. When you know earlier on in my career, that was pretty on, there's a lot less of them. There was a few, you know, obviously your PayPal and that, you know, and that sort of cohort, but you didn't have the challenger banks that you have today that are kind of coming out and reassessing the entire sort of like financial institution space. So, but  It was before we started building our previous company because we were working on another company. And this is a funny story. One of the engineers on the team who had left, we were sort of doing an audit of the servers that we had for the company. And as we were doing an audit of these servers, we found these long running processes that were on these servers. And we were like, what is going on here? Realistically, it was probably around 2011, I'd say, like maybe 2010, 2011. We were like, what is going on here? This is so bizarre.  going on. And I'm a huge nerd. So that was my first time getting involved with Bitcoin in general. Actually, when we were at Grand Street, the marketplace that we built, we were still very interested. I say we because I speak a lot in we is because Aaron and I, my co-founder and I have spent a lot of time doing a lot of this work together. We were still very interested in Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general. And we integrated with this company that at the time was doing Bitcoin payments, I think it was called Diwala. I believe it was called Diwala. They were one of the earlier  So I would say that crypto and blockchain has kind of been weaved through bits and pieces of my career, both from an interest perspective as well as from an execution perspective for the last close to 10 years, which is super cool. What did you do with the guy who was running the scripts on the servers? Do you guys go and kind of slap his wrist and say, hey, you should have done that? Or did you go tell him, hey, man, you're pretty smart. Thanks for introducing us to it. We didn't know until he was gone. He'd left the company already. I haven't talked to him since.  That's a whole other world. But getting back to your original question, in 2017, I should say really late 2016, early 2017. 2016, all of 2016, Erin and I were spending a lot of time thinking about sort of what we wanted to do next, what was sort of on the horizon. And we could not get away from this idea that crypto and blockchains and transfer value networks and modern crypto networks were going to be the future.  it's like so obvious. And the systems are being built and they're being tested and they're being broken and they're being refixed and they're being relaunched and new things are being built. Like that's how technology progresses. But that to me was so obvious in even in 2016. And so the ICO, ICO craze happened. And I will say that like I did, you know, I was around, I definitely was doing some investments in the crypto space and I've never sold a single token that I've purchased. I've never, you know, that's not entirely true. I did sell some  like six months, I can't wait a year. Like I have to do this today, you know, and it's hard to truly explain that idea, but it was really, really hard. And so, you know, if anybody from Etsy is listening to this now, and I'm still quite close to the few of them, I feel bad. I probably wasn't a hundred percent in on Etsy in the last like six months that I was there. Cause I was already sort of thinking about like what I wanted to be working on next. Very common. When, when you acquire a company and the startup founders are there, you know, that they're not going to be there.  of an idea and a concept of any of the other projects we've worked on. And I think it's super cool. It's actually a really fun story for me to tell because of how sort of progressive it is. It's kind of like, it makes you think, you know, you hear stories of companies being built and, you know, in hindsight, you realize like, oh yeah, like, you know, actually it was being used this way and that's where we started going. And all of a sudden it's like, you have this company that's scaling up and we've sort of been experiencing that over the last couple of years, which is, which is really cool.  that when it's not going well, you don't give up. And so I think that we took that very, very seriously in this and that we wanted to make sure we were working on something we cared about. And so really took the time to explain, I should say we were already in crypto, right? We were already like, I already had Bitcoin, I already had Ethereum, I was already investing in other projects, but it wasn't like, okay, we've got to build a crypto company. What ended up happening was he took a year and basically read every white paper that existed under the sun.  and watching fun stuff. And that's when the sort of the rabbit hole moment, that's when like the interest graph just took over. There was no other thing that I wanted to work on or cared about working on. It was like, even if I tried to explore another industry, it was like, oh, how does crypto affect this? How do blockchains affect this? And so that's when the interest graph kind of kicked in. And then it's like, then founder moment starts. Then it's like,  of our careers exploring how do we democratize access to systems? I kind of mentioned this earlier, like we're building APIs to manufacturing. It's like, how do you break down walls into this? And we're both very technical and we try to explore the blockchain space and realize that this is hard. This is not simple technology. It's not easy. It is not at the point where if you're an entrepreneur and you want to build a new product or service that your mind immediately says like, well, I should be using crypto and blockchains because that's where the  mining, but we did what every startup founder does, which is try to figure out how mining works. And so we built like a small mining test facility in Brooklyn, New York, and not in a sort of commercial sense, but just as an idea, like to really understand how our blocks form, how our messages propagated, how does this system actually work? How is it trustless? What happens if you break it? What happens if you know, what are the right ways to do this? Realize that it was super interesting and got a really strong grasp of the infrastructure  and really figuring out how to optimize building a proof of work mind, optimizing how to build out the space and how to, where to position it, how to negotiate power contracts. And I'm sure, you know, your audience probably knows enough about mining that we didn't, we don't need to talk about mining, but there's a whole lot of things that go into that. And part of the name is actually from, is a hat tip to the time that we spent in spots like Wyoming and Montana and the Pacific Northwest trying to,  like a deep interest in understanding the white papers and the technology. And then you get into the supplied interest of understanding the infrastructure and how it works and what's powering it. And that's when you start to unlock the sort of the openness of how you can innovate and build. Once you know what's there and you understand how the pieces are there work, then you start to envision a future where those things are easier and you can build the pieces to make it easier. So Aaron and I started working on a few different projects, not companies, but  because that creates a security and resiliency. So we had spent a lot of time rebuilding these pieces and ultimately, at one point there was an aha moment where we turned to each other and we're like, okay, so we built like three different things, but every time we build one of these things, we're rebuilding this underlying infrastructure layer. And we're like scratching our heads and we're like, okay, so we understand infrastructure really well at scale in the space. We keep rebuilding this thing. Maybe we should ask other people if they're having the same problems.  and we're right to Bitcoin. And, you know, at that moment, Aaron, I like, okay, so this is a problem we have, we're solving our own problem. We've talked to a few folks in the space and clearly they have the problem. And this is very, very, very clearly something that will make it easier for folks to come into the space and build new products and services. So it aligns incredibly well with our interests, with our backgrounds, with our ability to solve infrastructure problems, but also democratize access to blockchains. And so, like, I wish that I had like a, you know, a moment where like,  So when you talk about infrastructure and kind of your product offering, maybe just dig a little deeper on just like, what do you mean by infrastructure? Because I think when people hear that they think like pick shovels, oil and gas and kind of bridges and toll booths and like that type of world. So what does that mean in the kind of Bitcoin and crypto world? And then in terms of how customers interface with you, what exactly are the products that you're offering them today? Yeah, and I love that. I love that the imagery that you're sort of putting out there, right?  people, individuals need to run those computers to implement those instructions. And we built a platform that makes it so you don't need to be technical at all to run computers that implement those instructions. So with two clicks, you can run a node that is helping secure the Cosmos network. You can, you know, with two clicks, you can run a series of node clusters that are distributed all around the world that are using a whole variety of different cloud providers for resiliency and for resistance and for fault tolerance and run  our customers will use our platform to do that instead. And so the products we offer right now, we're focused on, we really focused on newer proof of stake networks. So networks that are using proof of stake as a consensus mechanism instead of proof of work. And the reason for that is because proof of stake as opposed to using mining and ASIC mining and sort of these very specific computers to secure the network, proof of stake uses basically general generalized computers  run nodes on all of these different networks. Bitcoin, Ethereum, Cosmos, Tezos, Algorand, you name it. Polkadot just launched pretty recently. And there's a whole bunch of new networks that are coming out as well. So that's basically what our platform does. And again, just to reiterate what we say when we mean when we say infrastructure is we literally made computers. And these computers are essentially tuned to do different things like read and write from a chain.  the interface with you is through APIs and then you guys have all this infrastructure built out. And so I'm envisioning basically I'm building a company, let's say it's a consumer facing business. I want to support a bunch of different assets rather than me go and have to build out the actual infrastructure to support every single one of those assets. I can essentially come to your business and say, Hey, here's the four of the 12, 15 assets that you guys support today. I want to interface with these four. I hit some API and basically  grow the blockchain ecosystem. But a good analogy is, and I was a startup founder in this time, but in the early 2000s, if you wanted to start a software company, you bet you were signing data center contracts and putting servers in a data center all over the world. And if you were scaling, you were rushing to do that all over the world in Europe, in Southeast Asia, and you know, Asia pack. And then in 2000, don't date me on this, but 2005 or whatever, Amazon starts selling its excess  competency. So if your core competency is an exchange and the experience around exchanging digital assets, there's no reason you should be focused on deploying, managing and building computers that can actually support this. Similar if you're a wallet, if you're a custodian, if you're a data company, if you're trying to provide data and analytics, you shouldn't be focused on the nuances and headache that it takes to make sure that your Bitcoin nodes are sinking or Ethereum archival nodes are sinking and or that you know, your cosmos validators are running and safe and no one's trying to hack them.  And then you've got a business on the other end of the spectrum and that connectivity, the bridge, the infrastructure, whatever nomenclature you want to use is run by one company. And so now all of a sudden am I exposing myself to whether it's security or just kind of platform risk of when I sign up, Bison Trails loves me. All of a sudden Bison Trails doesn't love me and like my business ends up kind of getting blown up or something happens to Bison Trails in terms of a security breach or something like that. And then therefore my business suffers alongside that.  And at least in my personal experience is people will draw the line in the sand around decentralization wherever is most convenient for them, which I think is hilarious. And I think I'm very pragmatic about that. It's kind of like, we don't even need to get into examples, but whether it's mining pools or it's equipment providers or it's location of network, there's a ton of reasons and areas where these decentralized networks are not perfect and none of them are perfect.  technology to move the space forward, build new products and services that service these customers like you're describing, the ones that are coming in really happy with Bison Trails, while at the same time trying to move towards a better and more decentralized network and decentralized ecosystem. And we do a lot to support that. So some of the things people don't generally talk about is like, absolutely, we're a company, we're a venture backed company, we are a business, we're not a charity, so we're building the company and growing  like a huge portion of like a network being run on like Amazon AWS on the East Coast. And you can say like Bison Trails could be a platform risk there, but the fact that we can tell that means we can help distribute nodes all over the world. You know, in, I don't want to quote the number of zones and regions we have, but it's in the, you know, multiple dozens. I think it's something like 25 or 26, uh, uh, you know, cross section of providers, zones and regions. And we can actually reduce the risk on the protocol itself. So on the network itself, as well as,  to help decentralize the network and distribute the network. So there are ways that we are working on that. The other thing that we're doing, and this is a little bit more ethos driven, is trying to create technology solutions and systems that provide provability around ownership. So who actually has control? What happens if Bison Trails doesn't like us anymore? Which hopefully wouldn't happen, but in a world  couple of folks in like in a dorm room on a Raspberry Pi into you know highly available, highly redundant network systems that a bank like you know whatever the modern version of a bank system or bank company gets built can actually trust and use and I think that that's really really important you know it's I'm not saying banks are definitely going to use them or they need they need to use them but I'm saying if you're building a product and service and you wanted to be able to scale and use blockchains those blockchains need to be reliable  three major providers. You name three of them, right? Google, Amazon, and Microsoft. And so there's a good shot that some portion, if not a majority of a portion of a network, can be running on those services. Even if you're running part of the network and I'm running part of the network, but if we're both on Amazon, AWS, like, is it really decentralized? Because you and I are, quote unquote, not the same personal organization, but there's this common layer of risk, right? Yeah. And, you know, the answer to that question is, yes, that's a problem. But also, yes, that can be  we create that resilience and redundancy. So, you know, if, if you're running, you know, Bitcoin node and that, and you need that for your business and it goes down and you're on bikes and trails, it'll be up and running and available on Google cloud or Azure almost immediately. And you won't even notice the blip. And that's a very powerful thing for the networks. Yeah. And I think that's a key piece, which is when people hear a lot of like the infrastructure stuff, they immediately think it's everything but Bitcoin, right? Because, oh, I can run the Bitcoin node myself, but you guys actually have,  And this is the advantage of being a company that is designed and built around the ethos of the crypto space. We want, you know, to put this into perspective, we're a company that's entirely reliant on the success of the crypto and blockchain space, right? Like all our eggs are in blockchain and crypto baskets, so to speak. We want to see these protocols succeed and we won't be successful if they're not successful.  Talk to me a little bit about the types of customers you guys work with. So you mentioned earlier, you know, somebody who might have a Bitcoin note or something like that, but obviously you serve all kinds of different customers. Are you walking through some of those segments? Yeah, so we, um, it's funny. The one thing that's actually common around all of our customer segments, and they're actually pretty different in terms of makeup, is that they have crypto assets. So, uh, they, they accumulate, you know, we call, we tend to refer them as tokens or coins or crypto assets, but they accumulate or aggregate  We see that. And then we have larger crypto native companies. So companies that were built specifically to solve blockchain and crypto problems. These are the exchanges and custodians that that exist in the world. So custody on a institutional basis as well as custody on a individual or sort of more prosumer basis and then exchanges. So a lot of a lot of tokens are aggregated on exchanges. People are trading in and out of positions.  So there's these financial institutions and products and services that existed before crypto or weren't necessarily built specifically on blockchains or crypto. And they enable things like trading assets or savings accounts or other financial products. And they have a desire and interest to service their customer base that likes crypto. And so they want to be able to have their customers buy or sell Bitcoin or trade Bitcoin or transfer Bitcoin or do the same thing with the theater.  and Polkadot and Ethereum too, which is a huge huge shift in the market that the Ethereum network is planning as it shifts over from proof of work and to proof of stake as a consensus mechanism and participation in that network becomes key to being able to be part of the ecosystem. And that's what we do really, really well. So that's mostly what our makeup looks like. We don't specifically talk about who our customers are both for their security, for our security and generally speaking,  to be super important for the ecosystem. But as a company, we service all of them. We were asked to join the Libra Association last year. We joined the Libra Association and I'm a council member there. I'm on the technical steering committee governing the open source project around Libra. We're on probably another dozen councils for protocol teams. So we work really closely with blockchain protocols and the engineers and the sort of PhDs in cryptography that are building these new protocols on one side.  very, very specifically, unspecifically focused on like, say, the next 12 to 18 months is to make sure that these protocols that we're helping support, that we've been helping support things like test nets and incentivized test nets, making this transition towards mainnet, which is a pretty significant milestone for the protocols. So we view our role as a, like I said before, providing mature and robust infrastructure to enable lots of folks to build in this ecosystem. So for the next 12 to 18 months, there's probably about  that we're also focused on building some robustness around the products and services of what we would refer to internally as more mature blockchain protocols. So Bitcoin being obviously one of the oldest and the most mature and then things like Ethereum where we can provide some tooling to folks that are either already built on top of this or would like to start adding support for the network. And that can be something as simple as  I think further out, like five, 10 years down the road, we are the infrastructure company that if you're building a product and service, you've integrated with in some way, shape or form. And that can be at the sort of simplest, most raw unit in a blockchain, which can be at that node level, or it can be a product and service that's a little bit higher up the stack. And that can be things like indexing or data retrieval or APIs to produce content for a blockchain or to consume content from a blockchain.  aligned with blockchain systems and crypto networks, which I'm finding very, very fascinating. And I think that the, I believe that one of the knock on effects of this is this creativity that's going to spark from, you know, from the, this, the world that we're in today that will create a bloom of entrepreneurship around blockchains and transfer value networks. And this actually happened in the early internet.  not to entry, but barriers to success for us is going to be making sure that we do a good job helping these protocols scale and make them more accessible and democratize access to them. The crypto and blockchain ecosystem needs to continue to grow. That is like full stop, what's the most important thing for us? And our company is tasked with helping that. And we're doing it from a ease of use and ease of access perspective. And so if we can't achieve that goal, then that will be a challenge, fundamentally a challenge for Bison  like that is incredible. And so we will continue to see innovation happen at that pace and it'll be in financial, it'll be in decentralized finance, it'll be in things like payments and marketplaces and data transfer. And you're gonna start to see all of these verticals and that's where I'm excited for the future of Bison Trails and that we're gonna help support all these verticals as they continue to grow. Before we get into the rapid fire questions to end it, where can we go find out  all this stuff out too if you're on Twitter and you wanna find us. And then me personally, I'm at Joe LaLuz on Twitter. That's the place to get me. Awesome. First rapid fire question. What is the most important book that you've ever read? Oh man, I feel like I have recency bias here. I loved The Diamond Age by Neil Stevenson. Why? It reminded me that, it reminded me of this idea  Aliens, believer or non-believer? Believer that humans shouldn't be so self-centered that we think we can be the only life forms in the universe and that it's too big for it not to be possible. So believer in like the sort of for science perspective, not because I've seen them. Well, actually I can't say I've had, I think two or three people come on and say they've seen UFOs. No one claims to see an alien, but UFOs for sure.  up, you get to ask me one question. What is the one question you have for me? Hmm. Let's see if. Is there a world where blockchains and crypto succeed, but Bitcoin does not exist? Yes. But I'm going to caveat it with Bitcoin to me is the only shot we have at separation of state and money.  Market cap is available if you're the successful winner there who are the right teams like there's a lot of unknowns and that's where Fortunes will get kind of made or lost on with Bitcoin I think I think we're at the point now where it's like at least in my opinion like it's either Bitcoin or nothing Right in terms of separating state and money And so while yes, it uses some of the same underlying technology Yes, it has a lot of the same ethos like it's a very very different type of problem because a lot of the crypto problems