 All right, guys, bang, bang. Super pumped about this episode. I have Chris here with me. We are proud investors in levels. So thanks so much for doing this, man. Yeah, really appreciate you having me on, Tom. Awesome. Let's get started. For those that don't know you, your background and what you did before you got into Bitcoin and crypto. Yeah, sure. So I was originally an applied mathematician.  We sold that business in 2015 and then we sold the business unit again. And from there, I really just wanted to take a sabbatical and think about what would I like to prioritize with my career. And that was 2017, early 2017. Obviously at the time, crypto was getting a lot of attention. The price was going up really from the second quarter consistently.  When I was in my early 20s, I was a victim of the, you know, the Wells Fargo overdraft scandal. They opened a fake account in my name. So I've always been really passionate about, I mean, I would say first I was really mad. I was really mad that that was happening to me. Then over time, you know, I got passionate that working in the crypto space is something where, you know, you really have an opportunity to tackle those challenges. And so we started with an indexing platform. That was our first product that we introduced in crypto. And that  And that's really what got us down the road to developing Level, which is the platform that we've just introduced. Got it. And so what was the original impetus for Level, right? In terms of you go down the indexing path and then you realize, wait a second, there's this other path that we want to go down. We think we can build a really compelling product that not only is sustainable and kind of can be profitable, but also, and more importantly, it can solve a number of problems for users.  problems. So first we released this indexing platform and the biggest barrier to using this indexing platform was you had to first go and set up an exchange account on something like GDACS is what it was at the time now Coinbase Pro or on Binance. Then you would have to get the API tokens that would allow our platform to talk to Binance and place trades and you had to put them into our platform. And since we were building something that we really wanted like sort of like  we can like we're basically, Boltzler exchanges just said, we're happy to buy you and integrate what you're building into our product, but we won't support it as a third party product. And so what we decided to do was say like, let's build our own spot market. That's the most fundamental thing that these customers are providing for us, or these exchanges would be providing for us. Let's build a spot market. And so we built that spot market and we launched it and that was our alpha product.  to get into crypto, they are not going to open a Coinbase account, buy USDC, transfer USDC over to our platform. And so we very essentially had to basically offer cash services on level. We needed to have the ability for people to start with just cash and then get into Bitcoin and have a very easy user experience. And so I think having to have our own spot market  it a natural evolution of delivering the product that our small but growing community was looking for.  you can buy Bitcoin on Cash App and you can store cash on Cash App. Another example would be Robinhood. You can buy Bitcoin on Robinhood. You can't withdraw or deposit though. It looks like any other stock. Now, the way that we've built our platform under the hood is very different from those platforms in a couple of different ways. First of all, the cash that you're holding in your level account  cash app, Coinbase, they don't build around demand deposit accounts. What they use is a type of account called a custodial account. And the idea of a custodial account is all the customer's deposits get pulled together in one corporate account. And then the company keeps track of basically how much money each customer is good for, or should be credited based on the current status of their account. And so we want to basically make it so that your cash  they  you Bitcoin. What we do is we have a product on level called Autopilot. And when users fund their Autopilot account, it automatically market makes that process that I just described, it automatically market makes for other users. So what you're doing is you're taking your Bitcoin and your cash, you're putting it to work. And that allows other users to buy on demand. So it provides liquidity for them. And in return, you earn an income on the profit margin that you set yourself.  You started out with first just a transaction fee. Basically, if I buy or I sell, I'm getting hit with a stated percentage, right? Could be 25 basis points, could be 10 basis points, whatever it is. But there is a stated fee that I am going to pay in order to finalize this transaction. So that's one Coinbase, most crypto changes, that's how they're making money. There's a second one, which is the spread that you're talking about. So when you go in, it says you're buying Bitcoin at $10,000  how much you trade, how much you buy or sell, you pay us nine bucks a month and you can use the service unlimited amount of times. And that's your revenue sources that $9 a month per user compared to the transaction fees or the spread. So maybe explain a little bit as to like why the subscription fee and then how that math works to make it attractive for you to go after. Yeah. If you don't mind me looping back, I thought what you said about transaction fees versus hidden spreads was like very spot on. And I think  and they disclose their commission, but they don't disclose their spread on Coinbase Consumer. Then on Robinhood, they don't disclose the spread at all. But really, I mean, both of them are sort of like you're making a percent of the customer's order. And so, I'm only bringing that up because if we can call both of those transaction fees, I think it sort of illuminates, besides the issue of let's be as transparent as possible when we're charging our customers, it seems like the least we can do.  you know, that would be $18 you're spending. So these are quite high fees. Now, the first question, and the spreads are high too, you know, 1% on something like Robinhood. So the first question is like, are those costs justified? Like, just like, I think that's such a fair question. It's just like, like, are these companies going to go out of business? Like if they don't charge those transaction fees? And you know, the answer to that is like, they're actually totally not justifiable because from an engineering perspective, when I  barely skating by, they wouldn't be booking a billion dollars of net income a year, right? That net income directly comes from overpaying for services. So in a nutshell, we can afford to, and we think it's more reasonable to charge a $9 subscription fee. And other than just the value savings, which can be apparent quickly, it's one trade on Coinbase Pro of $1,800, it pays for itself.  unless that problem's about a transaction, I don't have a vested interest in resolving it because I'm not gonna make money off helping you recover your account, for example. With us, we assign a personal banker to every level member and you can talk to them right in the app. So most people right now are just talking to Clifford and 40% of our users that sign up have a conversation with Clifford within the first week. I don't understand how this feature works or I wanna make sure that I'm doing this correctly. And so we're really there  It depends on the distribution of customers, the customer makeup, and how much money they're spending today. Now, as I just mentioned a couple of thresholds, like five trades a month that pays for itself or one $1,800 trade on Coinbase Pro, those are very low thresholds. Just pretty much anyone that's actively trading right now, we are going to make less profit off those guys, right? And so clearly,  can use, right? It's way less technical than Coinbase. You could refer it to mom and dad. Now they have a product they can actually use. And I think that expansion in the addressable market, you know, just that these people that maybe were annoyed by Coinbase are finally willing to come use it, you know, it could be more profitable in that regard just because we can help more people. Got it. And so as you're kind of building this out, talk a little bit about the FDIC insurance  When people entrust us with their money, that is an extremely high sort of bar of responsibility. It's people's vacation budgets, it's their kids' college funds, and we take that very seriously. And especially as an emerging brand, we want to make sure that we're doing as good or better of a job than the incumbents so you can feel completely secure about putting your cryptocurrency on the platform.  And that crypto is considered to be in the custody of that exchange. So they're responsible for making sure that they have enough crypto at all times, that they don't get hacked. They're the single point of authority on approving transfers. That is the traditional way to handle crypto. Now, what we've done in our financial institution, as we've built level, we want to decentralize that security and make it less likely that we would be a point of failure.  session. And with BICO, we implement these institutional policy controls. So only so many withdrawals per hour of a certain value per hour, like a net combines value. So BICO is required and it is in a second sign off. But before we even get there, we also perform our own internal reviews. And our internal review is what we're looking for.  is less than 15 minutes and we confirm at one block, whereas Coinbase converges at three. So what you're looking at is a security system that is more decentralized, that has more layers of approval, but is in fact faster than Coinbase. And so that's the answer on the crypto side. Now let's talk about cash. The traditional way to store cash on a crypto exchange is in a type of custodial account called a  We're not going to voluntarily give up your money. But you do lots of stuff in bankruptcy that's not voluntary. So we wanted to really make sure that the cash is as safe as possible. And the gold standard for storing cash in the United States is an FDIC insured checking account in your own name. Because it's the best experience. If we fail, you can log into that account. You can pull the cash. We're not allowed to touch it. First of all, we're not allowed to do it.  Got it. And it feels to me like the security component is getting figured out by a lot of people. And obviously there's been less hacks, which is a good thing overall for the industry. FDIC insurance is an absolute game changer on the cash side. Going to this model of having kind of the true deposits rather than the custodial deposits is another kind of game changer. One of the other issues that's come up on the crypto exchange side is  love to sit down with someone at Coinbase and just ask how they actually handle some of these things, but I don't know. For all I know, I just cannot say that I know Coinbase's policies. What I can do is talk about the types of things that come up that affect customer privacy in an exchange and how we've chosen to handle those. So the first thing that we do with our... The first thing when you create an account that we ask a customer to do is to apply  We get a record of your social security number. At that time, all exchanges asked for this stuff. A lot of them might breadcrumb it, ask for it one step at a time. Maybe you can buy 100 Bitcoin, but now we need a picture of you. Now you can buy 1,000, but now we need your social. That's because they don't want to get hacked. The less sense of information they get hacked  confirm that with you and then ship the debit card there. So in that sense, the first line of defense about protecting information is just to not have it. And we're just designing to not have that information. Now, it is true, I think it is very true that there are laws that have to be followed when you're running a financial institution. We are an exchange  have a blockchain analytics unit. And what those analytics do is they look at transactions that are incoming to the exchange or that are leaving the exchange. And they monitor, for example, to make sure that you're not withdrawing Bitcoin to one of the addresses associated with that hack that happened two days ago. That's a totally reasonable thing to do. But some exchanges also take those tools that  further and you could say, exchanges, you can't track individual users in exchanges. It's just an idiosyncrasy of the way that exchange wallets work. But an exchange that chooses to sell that type of software to the government could choose to basically split out all their users and their deposit addresses and their withdrawal addresses to add more detail to that map on an anonymized basis. And they could even choose to put the username  basically with the same policy as Kraken. Like if you could, if you subpoena us, we will follow the law to the letter and otherwise like you're not going to get information from us. And so, so an example of that would be like, there's a, there's a thing called a 314B, which is basically a report you file because you saw something suspicious. It's just, you're just voluntarily giving that information to the government. We don't file 13, 314Bs. We don't think that it adds value.  So what we do is we, of course, file that, but we strip it down to the most anonymized form that we can. You can't see who the counterparties were, the type of trades, whatever. We give them the absolute bare minimum to be in compliance with the law. And I don't think we're trying to withhold anything from them. We just want to respect customer rights as we submit that. Then what we do is we email the customer and say, hey, this is what we sent to the IRS. Here's the reason we sent it to the IRS.  If they sell customer data for marketing purposes or if they sell customer data for marketing purposes by their affiliates or if they do joint marketing, they're not required by law to disclose that. A bank is required by law to disclose that. And so once a year you get, let's say you bank with Wells Fargo, once a year you're going to get a letter that says, here's all the information we're selling. And if you want to opt out, you need to make 10 phone calls and send six emails, right? In our app, there's a privacy notice and basically  this path and others don't? How could I speak to the motivations of other people? I mean, obviously it's lucrative. I think for us, we're a services business and our customer is the, our customer is the trader. Our customer is the level member. If we were selling this technology to the government, our customer would be the government and then maybe our product is customer information. But the only customer  a little bit about how you're seeing users use the product so far, right? So you kind of have two different products in terms of a cash product and a crypto product. You take a very kind of customer centric or customer first approach. What are users doing when they come on? Are they putting all of their money in the deposit account? Are they putting all their money in crypto? Are they splitting it? Like what do you see there from user behavior? Yeah, great question. So there are three central components of our product. There's our banking product,  put your Bitcoin in there and passively earn an income that way. And all of that stuff is running today. We also are seeing a lot of engagement with the support chat. And I want to really emphasize how much that we've tried to make that a good product. So many support systems are designed to be like, how can I not have to deal with these people? Like first, I'm going to give you a robot. If you negotiate with the robot or like match zero over and over  And sometimes it's like, hey, I really like it, but did you know about this bug on the buy screen? But we're seeing about two out of five people are going and engaging with support. And that's exactly what we want. We're not going to give you a canned response that says, hey, have you seen the support article? We're going to talk to you because that's the expectation. That is what you expect when someone is banking for you. We're not in exchange. We are banking for you. And then the banking side, we are seeing people deposit a lot of money. The main reason you would do that today  trading and talk to our support team.  place where you can collect your paycheck and deposit checks and basically be the place you keep your money. But we think that the ecosystem is rapidly evolving. And so for us to offer a bank, if we want to launch the best financial institution and we didn't support crypto, that would be like launching a new laptop in 2002 that doesn't support Wi-Fi. Or you launch the iMac without connecting to the internet.  to support everywhere but New York by early 2021. That is an incremental change. And if you sign up now, you'll receive a notification email once your state is open. The other thing we're doing is we're offering, we're adding by the end of this year, a debit card and the ability to do direct deposit and deposit checks. So at that point, what you have is a bank that's completely at parity with something like Chime  Beyond that, I'd say the major initiatives that we're looking at is we would love to support the Eurozone, the United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand, and Australia as a start, because it is our goal to be the best financial institution in the world. And the most reasonable place to start is in financial systems that are a lot like ours and with customers that have a lot of the same similar expectations. And the other thing that we'll look at  on that and have our customers feel confident that their subscription is the only fee that they're paying. And then the final part of that would be taking autopilot, which is our technology for automated trading today and evolving into something that can manage your whole portfolio. How much Bitcoin are you hodling? How much are you market making with the autopilot? Do you have a diversified portfolio of ETFs? You should be able to invest from your checking account and liquidate back into your checking account without leaving the app.  on your behalf. So how does it invest it? Is it like crazy voodoo machine learning? It's not. It's doing a process called market making. And market making is one of the oldest, most proven and consistently profitable ways to make money in all of investing. And it follows the simple rule of buy, low, sell, high. So a market maker, let's say you've got $10,000 of Bitcoin on your account, you've got $10,000 of cash on your account, and Bitcoin's trading at $10,000.  for the Bitcoin. And so what Autopilot does is it runs that strategy based on the current price estimate from our partners over at economics. And it runs that strategy 24 hours a day and it re-prices your orders every 15 seconds. So this is like a high frequency trading tool that is running like a proven strategy for consistently earning income. And the way it earns that income is when people go on our platform  return on their autopilot funds as well the markets were active. The final thing I want to touch on is it was really important for us to introduce a strategy, an automated strategy that lets you participate in the crypto market, but passively. And we didn't want it to be voodoo. So the specific implementation that we've made is based on state of the art research on stochastic optimal control.  sure that there's liquidity on the platform, right? Is that generally correct? Yes, that is a hundred. It's both those things. And then also what we're doing is we're taking another one of these hidden fee business models and we're getting rid of it. Because if you go on Coinbase consumer today, you're going to have a commission fee, which is 1.5%. And then that is subject to a minimum, right? It's here to $50 as a dollar beyond that is $2, it goes up to $3.  growth for you as moving forward? So we're really proud of our product and we're not going to stop improving it until like really every customer is happy. And I can't stress that enough. I mean every day we go through our chats from the previous day, we prioritize things that we need to fix, we burn them down through the day. I mean just today the whole team is working on changing some aspects of the referral program. And the reason I emphasize that is  business model really works, right? Even though the per transaction cost for us is low, we have subscriptions to various pieces of software. We have employees to pay, right? And so we need to grow to a sufficiently sized user base to be sustainable and offer this free trading forever, which really needs to be a community effort. We're asking that, and I guess one way to say it  Once you have three friends that have downloaded the app, they don't even have to be a paying customer yet. Just that they've downloaded it, we're going to give you 10 bucks. And then beyond that, we'll pay you 30% of the membership fee that we collect from people that you refer forever. So that's $24 a year, as long as your friends are users. Now, why are we doing that? Because to get the word out, you have to do marketing. And to do marketing costs money.  or for people to join like you're talking about there. So when you sign up through a invite code, so POMPs invite code for example is lvl.co.pomp. If you follow that, you can download the app off the App Store, you sign up for the account and POMP is automatically gonna get credit for having referred to you. Now, when you sign up, the first thing we do is we just give you 10 bucks. Like we're not gonna charge you  credit you with another $10. So that's $20. And so far, what you've had to do is download the app, play with it, text it to three friends and see if they want to download it, right? So you can earn $20 just by getting involved on the very first day. So then downstream of that, let's say that you have five friends that sign up, and they all become users, they really enjoy using it. We're going to be making recurring revenue.  and money, we think we can get your trust, right? Then, you know, when sharing with your three friends to download, like you don't need to convince them to use it. We're not going to force you to do it. But if you do it, thank you so much for your time. Here's 10 bucks. And if they convert, we're going to give you some of the rev share. We want it to be completely voluntary, but we want to show the deep gratitude we have for people that help make this company a success by bringing it to scale. Got it. And I guess as you think about the industry kind of much  is where financial services are. And so I'll start with crypto, if that's okay. I think, like, let's talk about Bitcoin. Bitcoin is, it's decentralized, it's a payment method. You don't have to worry about people printing more of it. And so it is just intrinsically a hack  high enough where it's more cost competitive relative to debit cards, which costs 1 to 1.5% fee to process. As you know, Bitcoin has a simple flat rate fee. Bitcoin makes a lot of sense to own as an investment, to help be a part of promoting its adoption as a payment mechanism. I think today, offering crypto is part of a financial  from a different vantage point and they're taking a different approach. So I'm just gonna name a couple at random. Robinhood started as a stockbroker account. Now they want you to keep your cash there, but they don't have checking accounts. They don't have demand deposit accounts, FDIC insured accounts. So they call their program for holding cash, they call it cash management because that cash is being held in an SIPC account. You see the same thing with Betterment.  So there's a clear advantage when you have a financial institution that can do all of these things. Like if you have one app where you can buy stocks and you know there's no hidden fees, where you can buy crypto and you know there's no hidden fees, where you can bank, where you can spend on a debit card. If for some reason you run out of cash, it just covers the overdraft with your Bitcoin. There are so many benefits to that, not to mention just cutting down on the fees that you would have paid moving money from Coinbase to  that we can on every aspect, every pillar that we add to the product. So our checking account, it is not cash in a preloaded debit card. It is not an SIPC account, brokerage account. It is not a custodial account where we're looping together with other funds and just hoping it goes well. It is a bank account. And it's a bank account that comes with all the same guarantees you would have at Wells Fargo, including from the FDIC, right? When we did crypto, we don't wanna do a  Now, who gets there first? Who's the favorite platform? I don't know, but I can tell you that our business model is transparent and we have been laser focused on doing each aspect of this financial institution in the way that our customers think. We believe that our customers would expect from us. Makes sense to me. What is the place that we want to send everyone to go and find out  LBL.co slash pump. Yeah. LBL.co slash pump. If you didn't get that LBL.co slash pump. So look, if you go to LBL.co slash pump, you're going to be brought to the app store. You're going to download it. There's no commitment whatsoever. You can log into the app. You get your accredited Bitcoin. You can look around. You can explore every single feature. It's up to you whether you want to complete the verification. It's up to you whether you want to share it with other people. The entire app is open faced. At the second you log in, you can see everything that the app does.  strong voice. So if you tweeted us and you're like, I hate this feature, like, please fix it. There's a really good chance it's going to get fixed that day, if not that week. And so I would also just highly encourage you engage with us there because I mean, basically, people snapping at us on Twitter is like is like our that's our new boss as we're getting this rolled out. I love that. Before I finish up, I always ask the same two questions. First is what is the most important book that you've ever read?