 Alright guys, bang bang. Got a special treat for us today. I have my friend Greg here. Greg's done things on the internet for a long time. What's up, man? Not much. I mean a lot, but not much. Looking forward to getting into it. Alright, for those that don't know you, let's start with you're from Canada, right? Yep. Alright, how did when you get to the  It has one of the largest internet companies no one's ever heard of. It's called MindGeek. Now, MindGeek actually is a monopoly on all of the adult content. So they own U-Pour and Pornhub, Brazzers, Playboy Digital. That's all owned by one company, one holding company. It's also where a lot of gambling and a lot of the gaming companies are based as well in Montreal.  numbers kept getting bigger. And I attribute like, pretty much everything I know about human psychology and what being how do you get people to do things to my early days were working in that space. So it's interesting to hear this, I did not. Because most of the best product people that I know, and you know, we've got a lot of mutual friends, at some point worked on growth type  It's like, okay, I want to put more money in there. And I just, you know, I learned a lot from that experience. Also the difference between, you know, having a, you know, a woman or man look at, look at you, you know, on the landing page, or if it's red hair or brown hair. And if that's the difference, if you make 50 grand that day, or at least 50 grand that day, you're going to pay attention. You know, so those learned a lot. Got it. And so at what point do you decide to go from working  This is like almost 15 years ago. And that's when I realized, why am I spending 100% of my time on client work when I could actually build multiple startups? So I did that. And we created a bunch of startups. Some of them got acquired, some of them didn't work, but that's kind of how I got the startup.  So I joined the management team there. And then after that, I started Islands, which, yeah. What was the experience like working at StumbleUpon when it was so big and just so powerful, really? Yeah. So StumbleUpon was started by Garrett Camp actually, who was the co-founder of Uber. And he had recently left when I joined, he was still on the board.  billion plus page views for publishers and I was able easily able to say like oh hey like BuzzFeed let's generate a hundred million page we can generate 80 million pages to you today you know a hundred million page views so there was a that was a really cool experience but I think the big learning I had from it was if you're a social app and you lose steam like you can't really come back from it you know you don't often see consumers so I can't think of one example  of it, but the momentum game of how are you going to keep the growth and kind of keep accelerating is a huge piece of it. And so, all right, so you do that, leave, you decide that you're going to start islands. That's when we first met. And maybe talk a little bit about like what you were trying to build there and why. Yeah. End of 2015, I'm like, group chat is the new social network. It's going to verticalize, you're going to have a place  in my experience, sell it and get acquired. I saw this mass, if I was like, okay, if GroupChat is the new social network, where do I start? And I was in San Francisco, I raised $2 million on basically here's GroupChat is the new social network. And I said, give me money and I'll pick a vertical. And we ended up on the vertical of college students, because we were like, oh, hey, Facebook started at college.  the metrics. On the other hand, what didn't work was the timing sucked. You know, now people care about social and want to try new things and want to download new apps. But, you know, fast forward to 2018, and it was the lowest amount of venture capital in social since I think it was like 2002, right after the internet bubble. And it just goes to show you that like, you can be right, and you could raise from the right people and you could hire the right people.  vertical networks, right? And if you really wanna get to know a vertical, you kinda have to be at one with the vertical. You have to really embed yourself. You have to really get to know it. And I've explained a bit of my past now, like I barely went to college. I went to McGill in Canada, but like I dropped out. Schools in the US are very different than in Canada or anywhere in the world for that matter. And we hired a lot of people  started we started in the south. I get the feeling that they're like, hey, who's the old guy dressed in all black? I remember like I was actually in Oxford and I was at the end of the day sitting at a bar. I just for whatever reason wearing a black hat, black James Purse shirt and then these like black James with like black John Barbados Converse shoes. And I'm in this like bar and like I was just on my  80 dudes named Chad and Brad. Looking at me funny, like absolutely not, but I wanted to win. That's what ends up happening. And ultimately what happens? Ultimately what happens with the business is I go out there to raise money. I want to raise a lot of money. I get offered a little bit of money and I was just like, all right, you know, I'm a go big or go home type of guy.  is a very difficult but wise decision for founders, which basically was, and I was privy to some of your thought process at the time, so I can cheat here a little bit, but it takes a certain amount of capital to do the things you need to do in order to take something that was starting to working to kind of working to now, hey, you got to slam on the gas and you've got to drive that momentum to scale nationally very quickly, right? And that's basically the inflection point you were at, but it takes capital. And so when you don't get  to some degree. Yeah, that's exactly how I felt. I was like, hey, if I raise an extra $3 million, I'm not sure that the market, I had to ask myself, do I think the market is going to be better in 12 months or worse than 12 months or the same? And I was like, it's probably going to be the same, like the venture environment. And when you're a social app company, you need venture capital to survive and to grow, right? We talked about in the beginning, you need to grow, grow, grow.  your company and who are the three people that you need to know at that company, you know, they call it the law of 21. How do you get those 21 people and know them from day one, you start the company so that, you know, for us, like selling the company was just a tech. It was just some texts, right? It was like, Hey, like we're selling, Hey, you know, head of product that XYZ company, we are selling the company. Are you, do you want to make an offer versus like trying to scramble for like an intro and it's like,  Yeah, I was gonna say, I can write a book about it, but I think a lot of people are. You learn the most about yourself, people, and companies when you're at your high and when you're low. I remember having a conversation with Gerda actually,  I got a chance to learn a lot from the SoftBank team and what they did. But I don't want to learn for the rest of my life.  because you're all, as an entrepreneur, you're 100% in, basically close to 100% of your net worth is tied to the outcome of this business. And I think that's actually a really foolish way to live your life from an economic standpoint. So my belief is that owning smaller pieces of a business,  and Twitter really, it was all about broadcast, get things out there, these big social platforms. And now there's these, people find the refuge and Fortnite worlds and Discord chats and iMessage groups and Slack communities and all these like kind of virtual places. And people are willing to spend money to access those zones. And they also get a lot of meaning  I want to create as many different pieces as possible. So what late checkout does is number one, it's a product studio. Number two, we acquire profitable internet communities. So we'll literally find businesses and acquire them. And the third thing we do is we have a few clients, and we have basically an agency business where we help companies like TikTok, companies like Warner Brother,  So I know that you're a growth advisor to TikTok, so that's kind of working. Maybe you can talk a little bit about that. And then what other areas or companies do you see kind of working that most people would say, yes, that makes sense and that's an obvious thing? Yeah, I mean, right now I'm kind of just obsessed with just how big platforms have gotten and how horizontal these platforms have gotten and how vulnerable these platforms are.  And then we can bring influencers on and we can make a million dollars. And I bet we can launch a few, you know, one of those a month. And if we tried, that's Zoom. LinkedIn, LinkedIn launched stories yesterday, I think. LinkedIn stories, like, are you kidding me? I think there's a massive, there's like so much opportunity to look at LinkedIn and try to figure out  by just chipping away at LinkedIn because I don't really want to live in a world where LinkedIn is the end all and be all of professional networking. I think we can do better than that. And then Reddit. Reddit is surging in traffic. It's become a place where you can easily find really great content and feel like you're a part of a community. And what I love about Reddit is you can actually  Yeah, and I guess part of this is when you talk about unbundling Reddit, right? Let's walk through kind of an example. So there's a subreddit, it's exploding, and it's in some niche industry, right, or interest. You're not talking about going and rebuilding Reddit's functionality for that industry. What you're talking about is potentially building ancillary or complementary products for that industry, building other types of services for those types of people. But you've identified, hey, there is a  subreddit and spend time in one subreddit and they come up with an idea to how to unbundle it. So recently I did this and what I, you know, I was in basically a ride sharing subreddit and it's growing a lot. I'm in this ride sharing subreddit and I keep seeing that they're referencing this dude named the ride share guy. Like who the hell is this guy? So I go to his website. I do some poking around. It's a blog. He also has a podcast, but it's some guy who basically gives tips and tricks around how to make more money  people are asking for, why are they flocking to this website? That's what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about like, you know, I think what a lot of people, when I say unbundling of Reddit, a lot of people think of it as like, okay, I'm gonna go create like a Reddit, but for like Uber drivers. And it's like, no, because Uber drivers might not need that. And they probably could do that very well on Facebook groups and Reddit. What I'm talking about is, how do you figure out what do they need?  type stuff for ride sharing. You can create all of the video live streaming. You could sell any sort of kind of video cameras, hardware that they end up putting inside the cars. You could create an entire brand around like, hey, here's your starter pack, right? And that starter pack gives you, you know, whatever they hang on the back of the seat and a sign and a camera and you know, all of this type of stuff. Like there are 10 to 20 businesses just to serve the people  a little bit about how you think on that kind of reversal instead of building a product and going find customers now finding the customers first and then building the product. Yeah, so the way I think about it is like how do you start with the community and then build the software versus starting with the software and then building the community. And so for example with this Uber driver ride-sharing example I actually  and they're saying actually that they want to be surrounded by other people and ride-sharing. So I was like, okay, what if we can create it in a app that was basically like a party line, but for Uber drivers? And I posted it and it went completely viral on the ride-chair subreddit. And it's like, okay, maybe there's a business there, right? Maybe, maybe there's a business there. And I think, I actually think  huge opportunity there. Because what like, you know, if I look at you, Pomp, it's like, okay, you have all this credibility in, you know, in the Bitcoin and crypto world. And the question is, like, you know, how could you, you know, I mean, it's age old, like endorsing it's Michael Jordan made most of his money from Nike, it's Dr. Dre made most of his money from from beats, it's, but there's not enough happening in the digital product realm. And my whole point of this  Some of those things included sell his own advertising rather than go through the agencies and it would have made more. Some of it would have been introduced subscriptions so people pay him for whether it's episodes or he just brings the whole thing behind a paywall, whatever that was. But I kept going back to this idea of, no, the most profitable thing that Joe Rogan could have done is started companies and then kicked all the advertisers out and taken his own companies and pushed them through his distribution and said to people,  and then he could just go down the line. Every single product that he has as an advertiser, he could simply just recreate, do the exact same advertising, only it's his brand versus somebody else's, and he'd make a killing. He would make billions of dollars doing this, I think, compared to just tens of millions of dollars in the advertising. Yeah, I think, you know, creators don't understand the value of their brand equity. I think that's what it comes down to.  Listen, he got, what is it, $100 million. It's great. That's awesome. But I think that he definitely didn't get as much as I think he deserved. And Spotify is the one who, when you look at that deal, it's less about like, is it a good deal, bad deal in my situation? It's just that Spotify got much more value out of it than Joe Rogan did. Because the deal would be fine if he got paid half a billion dollars or a billion dollars. It's just the difference  I literally have hundreds of ideas in here. And I'm just gonna literally spin the wheel and just pick one random one that comes up. And then you can tell me what you think, what are your thoughts? And some of these are just like also like had a couple glasses of wine and you write an idea. All right, let's hear them. Okay. Well, this came out of,  that leverages something like battle stations. Yeah, this is why I love talking to you. So I've been telling people I'm waiting for somebody to come pitch me. I call it WFH box.com. Just work from home box.com. Go onto a website, pay 500 bucks. Three days later, a box shows up and it is a camera, a microphone, headphones, a backdrop, an instruction manual, whatever. And it is like level one.  Oh, it cost me $250 to get all of the equipment, put it in a box for $500, run some paid ads, get it in front, put it in this, you know, battle station subreddit. Like, it's not very hard to find that traffic right now, right? And so, again, it's not going to be a billion dollar business, but could you make, you know, one, two, three million bucks a year? Absolutely, I think. Yeah, and that's the other thing I just wanted to highlight, which is you don't, for a lot of these like unbundling ideas, you don't need venture capital.  I think for me, I would do a high end. So I would try to create an invite only community that's luxury battle station. So basically I would create, people like aspirational brands. And especially with battle stations, it's basically like porn for these people.  beautiful pictures. And I try to figure out a way to make it a monthly subscription because I'm just obsessed with monthly subscription. So maybe every month I get some sort of box at my workstation where we partner with different brands. So like that's you know we're just riffing here but you know brands want access to that real estate, that battle station real estate. And maybe that's the real idea right. Like maybe it's like how do you  What's a product to connect you to jobs via your network? I think right now, if you said, what's the one job board somebody should create, I would immediately go and create a sub stack support job board, which basically would say there's a bunch of people creating like sub stacks and kind of these personal media companies and stuff. And I would basically say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I would say, I  They literally can't do it by themselves. And so you can just play matchmaker. Again, doesn't have to be massive, but you can easily build a million dollar business simply by creating an interface where people could post the opportunities and other types of folks who want to support those creators come in and find jobs. So Toby said something, Toby from Shopify said something I really like, which is arming the rebels. And it's all about this whole new passion economy. And it's about arming the rebels.  for XYZ. This is like, I mean, this is definitely $500,000 plus business. Like, like pretty instantly. Completely agree. What is one business that you think somebody could start in a weekend? Like if I gave you right now $10,000, you only had the weekend to build it. And you think that within 12 months, it could do five plus million dollars.  something, you know, maybe it's just like, we create TikTok videos for you. And then I would do, and then I just take out a bunch of Facebook ads and I would basically go consist, and I would create a bunch of different, I'd basically unbundle Fiverr and like five or 10 verticals. I would market it specifically to those audiences. I'd pick verticals or services that are growing and new. So that's why I use TikTok.  We can do drop shipping of a specific product. We're gonna put your brand on it. We're gonna treat you like the historically athletes have been treated and we're going to sell these products. But I wouldn't do something like merchandise. Like that's too easy and it's too kind of saturated, I think. Instead, what I would do is I would create really unique hybrid products. So a very simple one that I've seen is Jaco Wilnick sells a poster that  And so you could go and replicate that and create an entire poster business with creators and maybe you don't sell them for 250 bucks, but could you sell them for a hundred dollars and just replicate it over and over and over again, it costs you nearly nothing. You drop ship it and you've got a couple of million dollar business pretty easily, I think. You got me thinking about a website I saw today called Bonsai Mirai. Have you seen that one? No, what's that? So basically it's this dude who is like big in the Bonsai Mirai.  that someone create a subscription around that people would be willing to pay for. I've always thought that there will be a live stream subscription service that will replace daytime TV or the talk shows. And if you think about who that audience is, it's moms, right? It's moms sitting at home. And if you say, hey, it's 10, 20 bucks and we're basically going to live stream and talk about it,  of a sudden they can actually engage with you. It's just you're taking the quote unquote gossip, right? When rather than go to go on a walk with your girlfriend, right? For a mom, my mom used to go and she wouldn't go on a walk, but she would like go meet up with a friend and they would sit and they would talk about, you know, Oh, did you see this actress did this or this actor did this or whatever? If all of a sudden they had a community where you could go do that with all the people in the world. And then of course, as you spend more time on it, you get locked in because you're actually getting a community, you're learning who the members are.  is the games, right? All of these things like what do you mean? And you know, you had talked to like the guys who run that business. It's a massive business. And then they've created, you know, six, seven other games off of it and all this kind of stuff. And so like, whether it's a digital product or a physical product, the whole idea of entertainment and games, I think kind of like went to the wayside and like Zynga and all these guys, people were just like, oh, like that's over. It's still a massive, massive business.  watching it in the live stream. How long does the Bonsai guy live stream for? Do you know? I think 30 minutes. So you pay $30 a month to watch him cut the tree for 30 minutes a day. A week, a week, 30 minutes. I think it's 30 minutes a week, but you also get access to videos. So think about like a master class. That's what's also happening is the master classification of everything.  Completely agree. What's another idea you have on the list? Let's see. Spin of the wheel. Okay, this one's kind of dumb, but it's just hilarious. My brother is a doctor. He was working in the Corona ward when it was really bad up here.  And there was a guy who had a hazmat suit on and like wasn't kidding like had the gloves the the mask the face shield like he was I Didn't know if he was there to check on people or if he was a passenger Right and so like I don't know if it would have to be that extreme But could you see people basically putting something on over their clothes that at least if it didn't look horrible to get on the plane Sure, why not? Absolutely, and I think it I actually like the idea of it being somewhat extreme because I think that  there might be something there. Tell everyone about the haircut product. Because I realize that we haven't talked about this and this will, for those that are saying like, oh, these guys are just talking about ideas, but they have no clue what they're talking about. Maybe explain what you did with the haircut thing during the beginning of quarantine. Sure. So pretty simple, sort of viral idea called you probably need a haircut.com built in under 48 hours.  everywhere on the Today Show, ABC, Fox, NPR, literally millions of people went to visit this website and still continue to visit this website to book haircuts because they don't feel either their barbershops or salons are closed or they just don't feel safe. And they're just like, you know what? I want my girlfriend to help cut my hair. It's fine. And it's been cool. It's still super popular.  through what is the product that people will find valuable and how do I actually go ahead and launch it? Yeah. And I think, I think it's that some of the nuances, like some of the things I was thinking about, I think, I think naming is underrated. Like picking a really, a name that people will remember is really important. So like you probably need a haircut, brings us some out of people's faces. So that was really important. Um, we did a video, like when you go to the website, we got like a celebrity to do the video for us. Um, and, or, you know,