 I'm a southern entrepreneur.  And I was pre-law at the time and I got a call from them back in 2000 in the 2007 early 2008 that they lost everything. And I remember I was sitting there in school. I only cared about football and girls and whatever you whatever you care about when you're when you're that age. And I was like, what do you mean they lost you lost everything? Like what are you talking about? I grew up fairly comfortable ex NFL player, etc. And they're like, yeah, everything's gone. It's like evaporated. And I was like, surely this is not possible. So I ended up like looking into it actually pivoted my whole life.  So I went and worked in the financial markets before Bitcoin. And I remember how much I just hated it. And I'm kind of in the middle of this, like a lot of us were at that time, like this period of really deep frustration with what's going on in the legacy system. And then bam, in 2011, the beginning of 2012, someone sent me this white paper and so the story goes. So I grew up as a Southern football player, American, I love America.  economic carnage and it gave us a front row seat without actually kind of getting hurt personally. And I think it really drove a lot of people to say like, what the hell is this? What is going on? Right. And drive people to just learn more about it, which, you know, in today's day and age, obviously, that education proves to be super helpful, but also to let a lot of people to Bitcoin as well. Yeah, I mean, there's no doubt. And I look at like I'm drawing on similarities right now with what we're going through. And I remember the date. It was the end of 2007 when the banks foreclosed on them and they lived in that  different mindset and understanding of, okay, it's not, you know, I understand what's happening right now. And, you know, now this time around, we all have different choices. Like we have exit signs that we can look at. And it's totally, you know, I'm super grateful to have gone through that period. It was a very impressionable period for me. But, and now I feel like we have something that we can add to this crisis here that helps people realize that there is an exit. And that's part of my mission here is to, you know, make sure that we are educating the people that were hurt the last time around.  And everyone's like, what are you talking about? This is some bubble technology internet monopoly money. And I looked at it and I saw this scarce programmatic monetary supply. And I was like, well, holy cow, there's something really serious here that is deeper when you start coming in that age where I just learned what we did with money supply and infinitive late it since the 70s. I realized that there's something deeper here. And I went on this realization that for the last 30 years, really since we ended the  system failing. So as soon as I realized that back then, I was like, I got to dedicate, you know, after going through what I went through with my family and seeing like everything ripped from them without even having a clue what was going on. I just realized that I needed to dedicate every hour of my life towards expanding and advancing this reality. So that's right then and there is when, you know, is what I saw. I didn't, you know, people that I've worked with, obviously like Meltzom at CoinShares, they come at things from like, they're a lot more technical  Yeah, it's a really interesting way to look at most people point a finger and say, oh, they're going to fail. And the only other option would be gold standard or something like that. What you're basically saying is, no, no, no, no. We don't need to wait for that other system to fail. Actually, now here's a thing that can one go compete, but also two, if it is the better system, the market will determine that and it will eclipse it over time. Right. It's almost like this more offensive position than just a defensive kind of wait and see approach.  just a narrative that the other system is collapsing. We're seeing exactly what I hoped we would have seen back in 2011-12 when you read that white paper the first time. So I'm just, you know, I'm waiting for, I think we still have, obviously it's still early and things like that, but it is not just this kind of sit back and wait for the old system to fail. We're going to advance this and be competitive and earn the belief and the users, not just inherit them when a debt-based  cool to say that we're, you know, you're going to build this like regulated framework for Bitcoin and to advance it. And that was like the cool thing that everyone was saying. And, you know, we saw really what happened is I was working for a fintech. So post banking, post Wells Fargo, when I came out of Duke, I was working for a fintech. And this fintech helped companies hedge their currency risk, which was really cool, like Twitter, Google, Uber, all these companies use it to click a button, see, okay, here's my Vietnamese dong to dollar exposure. And they moved me to London to expand that fintech business into a  largest ETF market behind Japan and New York or the United States. And I was like, wait a second, nobody's really taking control of that narrative over here in Europe. And we have this amazing platform here. So that was the birth. That was it. That was the that was the goal of coin shares was to advance the regulatory footprint and the regulated digital asset platform for Europe and globally. And we did that. And along the way, we launched exchange share products on the NASDAQ, you know, Bitcoin, Ethereum,  Asia and you know Jean-Marie, Meltzom, Danny, Frank and that team is you know, they're they're kicking butt. So I'm super pumped that you know that the company's doing as well as it is and it's very mission focused too is to advance our industry and and keep pushing the regulatory structure to help people gain access and exposure to our space. I just need to get back to the US. What was the kind of biggest lessons learned right as you went out to build this business over the last couple of years obviously grew to quite a large size.  really, you know, we, we, I beat every door down in Europe. I mean, I talked to every pension fund and maybe I was just too American and to, uh, you know, too much of a sales focused guy, but you know, we didn't see any institutional movement whatsoever. And then all of a sudden we figured out over in Europe that these products could be open and access to the grassroots movement where they could trade these in the retirement accounts and it just exploded. And, you know, we saw our investors go from like a few thousands, uh,  about XYZ institution doing this. You know I still think that we are way in the grassroots retail movement and I haven't seen many companies move the needle yet. So I would say that to most Bitcoiners kind of frustration is probably what I saw the most there. And if I would have spent more time I would have spent more time on retail and less time on institutions back then. Yeah it's really really interesting because Robert Kiyosaki has this framework where he basically talks about gold and silver as like God's money and Bitcoiners  And I think that is still what's really cool about like our grassroots movement. Maybe that's just like my socialization coming out of the 2009 when I saw these institutions just kind of throw up on Main Street. And I view this as still like a people's movement against that. But we'll see. I mean, I do think however the politics of the world is, I think it's a very important thing to think about. And I think that's a very important thing to think about.  starting to lean into this. And I'm excited to see what the next two or three years holds around that. But for me, I'm going to stay focused on, you know, the on the grassroots part of it. And we're going to get you know, we're going to cater to Bitcoiners. And I'm really excited to see the amount of like Bitcoin native financial service companies that are kind of focused on that. I think that's just as important as what the work is that our brothers and sisters are doing on the institutional side. So you came back to the United States and  My dad obviously playing football has become very sick. It's public out there and I needed to be here on the ground kind of in the south. But really the main driver commercially was, I talked about what we saw in the retirement market in Europe. I look back here and I saw this Charles Schwab report where the top five holdings of millennials in Schwab was GBTC. And I saw this massive $28 trillion market that was  middle America, like there's no airport in Murray, Kentucky. You got to drive two and a half hours to the closest airport. And it's just this like middle America company that I saw as a roots to kind of build this 20 year business of advancing Bitcoin and retirement accounts. So I just fell in love with it. And I think the people, you know, we have 80 people there and I just thought it was a perfect platform to keep advancing Bitcoin and specifically in the retirement market. So that was really the crux of it and what we saw there. Got it. And so obviously,  amount of coin that we are accumulating and it's like a for some it's a hobby for others it's a lifestyle and what's interesting is that none of us most of us and I look at look at kind of the rest of my fellow Bitcoiners like most of us aren't thinking anything about the tax element of this and if we're going to hodl or hold for a long period of time or maybe never sell or if you're going to trade for trade in and out you know what are the most tax advantage ways where you keep more coin to yourself  And then before it was only, you could only trade crypto, but none of the legacy stuff. So we viewed that as a problem and we wanted to integrate the two worlds. So choice is a way for you to have choice as an investor between the legacy markets and the digital market. You can trade any stock or ETF plus any cryptocurrency from one account. And I think that's it. And that's important because now you can start hodling and trading in a tax deferred way instead of just in your, uh, you know, in your non-tax qualified accounts. So as a hodler,  but historically, I haven't been able to hold the private keys, right? There's been ways to do it, but it's kind of been indirect exposure. So I buy some asset and that asset that gives me the exposure, but I actually want to hold Bitcoin. And I think to me, this was the most fascinating part is you guys figured out how somebody could use those tax advantage dollars, buy Bitcoin and still retain their private keys. So maybe talk a little bit just how mechanically you guys are actually doing that. Yeah, so the, so you're right. I mean, most, most of the, pretty much GBTC dominated the,  single member LLC. And that's in that single member LLC and trust actually holds the coins and you can hold those yourself. And this originated back in the gold days. There was a bunch of gold bugs that wanted to have, you know, not have the gold at Deutsche bank and wanted to hold it in their retirement account themselves. So what was structured between the legal, the regulatory, uh, the back and forth between lawyers and the IRS is that a retirement account could be structured in a way where you can have it at the top level with a single member LLC and trust underneath it.  is sometimes not, it can be daunting. So there's a, again, as a, as a, my goal is to advance Bitcoin in the US retirement market. And I think along the way, we've identified partners that can help us do that the most. And I think, so what we've done is we powered this solution using Casa. So Casa has developed a really good user interface app and then the hardware compatibility with owning your own keys in a multi-sig capacity. And they just nailed the user experience. So that was a,  hold storage with us or put those coins in motion in the evolving and upcoming Bitcoin money market and capital markets layer, which I'm pretty excited about. So it's those three things, starting with the nucleus being hold your own keys and then extending out from there. Explain that last bit a little bit in terms of kind of that money market or the financial layer. What do you mean by that? So what's fascinating about, if you look at the trajectory of legacy financial system,  So in lieu of you not having your cash or gold beneath your mattress, we are going to deliver interest for having it at our financial organization. And believe it or not, I actually think that we're going to take the same path as an industry. I think the way this is going to work in the next five, 10 years is that you're either going to own your own keys or you're going to be paid on the risk for not having them yourselves. And in order for that market to evolve,  balance sheets. I mean, you've seen coin shares, the backed galaxy, the Bitgo, the Genesis, the Fidelity, you have all of these amazing outlets, Jane Street, Saskahana, Citadel. And what's happening is you're seeing this really good layer of digital asset capital formation that's emerging that's allowing people to tap into it. So what I think is really cool is that, yes, I can own my own keys and have the largest percent of my assets in my possession,  market. It's because that they're natural commercial interest rates that aren't being manipulated at the short end of the curve by by central banks. So you're seeing these healthy Bitcoin money market and interest rate markets that are emerged and savers love that. And we're seeing we are seeing massive demand with our hundred thousand users at kingdom for those types of products. So people want to hold their own keys with Casa, but they also want to take a piece of that and put it in motion. And I think what's cool about our industry is the better  savers, right. And I think that in the legacy world, savers have basically held on to an asset that's been devalued over time. So inflation needs to weigh the savings, ends up not performing that well. Even if you get into, you know, kind of the best performing money market funds, you're still talking about, you know, kind of inflation mitigation, maybe you get a couple of basis points of outperformance over inflation, but it's frankly flat, right? Whereas investors, you know, if you just been in the stock market, you're doing eight, 9% annualized year over year. Now, all of a sudden, here comes a  and perception of our industry for that matter, that Bitcoin is the only kind of people that are Bitcoiners are some speculative punters. No, no, no. If you talk to the most of us in the Serna's community, it's not an investment. They literally are talking about it in terms of their savings. It's their life savings. So now, you know, what we're seeing to your point that you just made is there's what's the only thing that's outperforming your savings are these other vehicles that generate cash flow on those savings because it's rooted with hard money  and  our version of an FDIC, right? So the FDIC is put in place for the US dollar money markets that's there as a bank fail safe. Well, the Bitcoiner Emmy would say, well, what's about to happen in nine months when 60% of the US community banks are about to be out of that cash? But where's FDIC gonna be then? But taking a step back still and looking at that problem objectively, we still have that problem or  and  No, it doesn't. It doesn't. And it's, you know, it's fascinating. And I agree. You got it. And that's like part of the benefits. Again, this is awesome. This goes back to my point. This is we have hard sound money at the nucleus here. Right. And when you put that in the nucleus, you can start to see really healthy capital formation, like capital market slayers start to emerge around that. Because as long as you have this hard money at, you know, out competing, this is the issue with that base money. And, you know, this is another example of us out competing. And I think you're going to see this capital market  as a saver and the counterparty risk is improving and proving. There's still, I mean, look, the end of the day though, just like the gold guys have been telling us for 300 years, it's like 3000 years, whatever. It's not your coins, not your keys, not your coins. But now I have optionality and choices as a saver on different things to do there. And it's really, I'm excited for it. Yeah, and I think a key piece, you said it a couple of times, and I think a lot of people who are excited about those types of companies  Today, you guys obviously announced a really big deal with Fidelity. So maybe talk a little bit about what exactly was announced. Yeah. So what we today we announced that we have in choice, you have three options as we just talked about. You can either hold your keys for your Bitcoin, you can put your Bitcoin in air gap cold storage with someone else, or you can put your Bitcoin in motion into these markets layer that we talked about. We, you know, as a mission, what I'm trying to do is trying to deliver the best possible choice  instead of owning your own keys to keep it with Fidelity. And I think it's important because, as we talked about, I think there's a lot of people with retirement accounts or that are looking at Bitcoin and are kind of waiting, all right, well Fidelity is involved, I've got my 401k, my IRA with Fidelity. If they're holding it, I've been hearing about it from you, Pomp, or from everyone else for three to five years, maybe it's time. And I think us being able to have the opportunity to leverage their institutional products,  and the whole group over there are really cool to work with. Yeah, and one of the things that you guys are doing, so obviously working with folks like Fidelity obviously is a very big kind of stamp of validation, if you will, to some degree, and people kind of trust that brand, but also- We had to pass their diligence, that's for sure. Yeah, but there's also this element of like, if I want to take my retirement account, turn it into a self-directed IRA, right, which I've done. I've got a choice of a  this new structure then like basically I have to keep it in Bitcoin forever. So maybe talk a little bit about like the optionality that people have and why you look at that as a positive. Yeah it's amazing like we looked at you know you look at the retirement market and you know what's happened the last three or four years is that there's been some of these companies that have emerged and they just do Bitcoin only and they charge and what you have to do is you have to sell all of your stocks and all of your mutual funds and you have to move cash over to this group  like I don't think it's anything that we're doing that is necessarily overly innovative. It's just that now what we're seeing is like, look, hey, rest of the investment world, Bitcoin and the extended blockchain industry or crypto industry is at the table. We're not going anywhere. So now we're here. We're part of the portfolio, whether you guys like it or not. And now investors are able to participate in your world and ours from the same technology rails that they've been doing for the last 30 years.  forward thinking way. So we're trying to be our generation's next Schwab and fidelity and really understand from the Bitcoiners view, right? We understand things like our people want to own their own keys and our people want to keep stuff with fidelity or our people want to put it in motion. It isn't just some like siloed and we see that extending into the world of DeFi beyond just Bitcoin too. I mean, people are going to want to start baking, staking, earning other types of yield in the industry out of their retirement accounts. So I think that's where we're going to be.  great Bitcoin and the rest of the thing in their fidelity accounts. That's that's that's a big win for Bitcoin, I think. So that's what I'm hoping that we're that we're going to do. And I hope that the big players take notice and take Bitcoin or industry as serious as we do. One of the stats that you told me early on that blew my mind was there's like seven million people who already own Bitcoin, but they have none in their retirement account. Right. And this would be the equivalent of saying there's a bunch of people who own stocks, but none of it's in their retirement account. That would just be unfathomable.  Bitcoin or take the dive into our industry, so to speak, and have a retirement account, but don't have Bitcoin in their retirement account. And if you also look at people's investible discretionary investible money, they usually have three to four times more investible discretionary money in their retirement accounts than they do their non-retirement accounts. So when I say this is the biggest opportunity for Bitcoin, especially in this kind of stock to flow model that we look at,  28 trillion that is in the US retirement market. And you know, it's just, I think, I just think it's, it's a really big opportunity for us to all go out and, and, you know, evangelize about and make sure that these Bitcoiners know that you don't have to just have your life, your retirement savings at some zombie bank that's telling you that Bitcoin is not okay. And the other thing, by the way, just because I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm rant about, you know, we have 50,000 people in the US, 50,000 that work in the Bitcoin market.  And you say, well, your employees wake up every day to advance this industry, but they can't access that in their employer sponsored retirement account. And I think that's an equal injustice. And it's because the same thing, like some legacy provider and bank is saying, no, no, no, too risky. Meanwhile, the extent of that is in this kind of rat fed rat trap cycle of printing and this whole stock inflation bubble there. And I think that our  Bitcoiners that own Bitcoin and don't have retirement account. The next thing I'm looking at after that as a business is that we actually remember that fire truck thing I told you about. We have we custody over 20,000 assets and we have about 14 billion in assets under custody today. So we custody things like REITs, private equity, physical golds, you know, it's across 20,000 of these things. And what I'm really interested here over the next 20 years is where this intersection  put your, you want to have optionality of holding your keys in your retirement account or putting it in motion with some of the most interesting baking or staking mechanisms and where that blend is between tokenization and alts. We're going to live in that. We're going to nail that. And we're going to do it in a timely fashion, not too early, not too late, and stay grounded in the Bitcoin community. So that's, that's, I think, where the mission is. I wouldn't say that we're purely a Bitcoin native financial company because I, that's not,  incredibly high correlation to what they decide is best for your savings and future or not. It's rather to integrate these two worlds and make sure that people are getting the choice of both of them that's best for them. So I think that's kind of our goal. We'll see. Right now, I think there's a big enough challenge with just the 7.1 million and just making sure that they know that we're here for them. They can hold their keys. They can put it in motion. They can keep it with fidelity. And that if we do that,  your portfolio should match that percentage. Right. And so it's kind of this thing like I never understand why people say to me, Oh, I know there's two systems like yeah, that other system has a shot at it. I don't know. It's 2% but like I don't own any. Right. It's kind of just like, all right. And that's why we kind of started with just like, Hey, get off zero, just get off zero percent. And then once you do that, then you can work your way into okay, what is a healthy kind of exposure to a second system that actually is a competitor in their arena as you described, right? Yeah. And I love  a decision to make once you decide, by the way, that zero is not the right number, then, okay, I think there's a second degree of decisions. Once you kind of start the rabbit hole, you have a, you have a next set of choices. Okay, it, do I want to hold this myself? Do I want to hold this with someone like kingdom fidelity, or do I want to put it in motion and leverage? Now, for a lot of newcomers, you're not going to do the motion and leverage. We'll probably start with fidelity. It was probably the easiest.  equal responsibility, I think, as a service provider to make sure that we are also educating them on the importance of owning your own keys in the same way that we've seen other bearer assets do before us like gold, but also give optionality and choice from a financial provider standpoint. So that will be, we still have a lot of work though to get people fully off zero.  I mean, honestly, it's a series of books. It's Harry Potter. I am, you know, I love Harry Potter. I think that it's a, it has a lot of, it's taught me a lot of life lessons. What's the number one life lesson you've learned from Harry Potter? Expect the unexpected and be ready and stay humble. There's three things. That's pretty good. The second question is a little bit more fun. Aliens, believe it or not,  That's the I'm a big Elon fan for that reason. Yeah, I don't think we want aliens coming here and frankly, I don't know if they want to be here in 2020. So what one question you have for me to finish up? Well, I mean, we're in terms of what do you think is the most important thing?