 Thanks for having me.  And did that for a while and then actually moved out to the East Coast for a few years. First in Philadelphia with a firm called Hamilton Lane, which is now a public company. But it's a massive private equity advisory and asset management firm based in Philadelphia. And similar model in the advisory side, except their clients are more like big pension, sovereign wealth funds. So they have a very large asset base because of that. And they also have a large discretionary business. So they manage fund to funds vehicles, co-investment vehicles, where they're investing in directing companies alongside some of the managers.  and that side of things. And basically anything where you're buying an existing portfolio of private assets, managed by a third party. And did that for a couple of years and then had the good fortune to join a firm called Greenspring Associates, which is now over a $10 billion venture platform. And their model, it's all venture capital, fund to funds, secondaries and directs. So they have a number of different vehicles, but generally speaking,  common stock from folks like that. And then also just doing very traditional growth stage direct venture. So it was kind of series B and later we were leading rounds, very involved post investments. So much more of a true venture strategy versus a co-investment strategy like you might assume given the fund to funds model. So did that for a few years in particular helped to build up their secondary business as well. And the last year I was there,  deploy capital, but you're really doing the work of sourcing, vetting, and ultimately deciding or recommending, hey, this fund over another fund. And so maybe walk me through, like, what does that due diligence process look like? And then we can get into some of the intricacies as to, you know, where people kind of stumble and where people thrive. But what does the process of due diligence look like when evaluating fund managers? Yeah. So, you know, it's, it's a very qualitative process. You know, unlike maybe, I don't know,  particular that comes down to analyzing the track record and cutting it a lot of different ways. So looking at, okay, every deal they've done, you're looking at my partner, looking at my geography, looking at my sector, looking at my stage, kind of all the different ways that you could cut the data and see what trends you can find from that. So maybe you see that there's one partner who's really driving all the returns. Maybe there's one geography that they're really horrible at and they clearly just need to stop investing in or whatever that data tells you and look at, okay,  who's not there anymore and somehow they are attributed all the bad deals. Like that's kind of a little questionable. So yeah, it tells you a lot from that perspective, but generally speaking, it is much more qualitative, right? So you need to dig in, understand the strategy, what's their approach? What's their process to doing investments? How are they sourcing deals? How are they working with companies to, as a board member and helping to provide value post-investment? And here's,  So what does the firm look like? What does the team look like? What does the organization look like? Are you comfortable with them? Their ability to run a firm and run a business and build a team and bring on talent. And all of that is very important, including back office and a lot of the more less sexy, but important operational things. I guess one other key thing is portfolio construction. So generally speaking,  ownership are they targeting? Just kind of how are they planning on alaqui in the portfolio and in different ways like that? And it seems like it's this weird balance between when you first go in to do the due diligence, you're really kind of a detective, right? You're trying to understand what's good, what's not, but then once you say, hey, this is somebody we want to invest in, at times you almost have to become a salesman now, right? Now you've got to convince them to actually take your capital. And so how do you kind of experience that balance between  these folks and not just being, oh, we have this LP who gets our quarterly report and they come to our annual meeting, but we don't really know them, but really building like a true personal relationship with the GPs that you're investing in. And that helps in a ton of ways, just in terms of, they're being open to you asking tough questions and kind of the ability to increase allocation to top funds in the future and stuff like that.  And honestly, sometimes you do that, you go through your diligence, you end up with a negative assessment and the GPs are not pleased with it. And I think that kind of tells you something when that happens. But yeah, I mean, really comes down to the relationship. And if you build strong relationship with these folks, they're much more likely to be helpful for you to wanna make introductions for you, to help you with direct  relationship if you're providing value as an LP, you know, like the idea of convincing them to take your money becomes a lot easier because you're not just any other passive LP, but you're like a real partner for them. And, you know, there's someone that you they really value having as an LP, they want to have as an LP. And then, you know, the kind of sales process, well, you know, that is always a part of it for, you know, really hard to access funds, you know, becomes becomes a lot easier because, you know, they can really see that it's important to you and that you'd be a great partner for them.  really hard to access funds over time. Yeah, that's awesome. And I guess what are like the major points where you see fund managers fail the due diligence process? Like, is there one or two things that you're like, these are just the most common mistakes that people make? So yeah, a couple things. I mean, one, you know, there, you have to have a certain level of confidence that they can be successful in what they're doing based on, you know, past history, right? So for a lot of first-time  If you're an LP, you just have your choice of so, so many funds. You really have to figure out how are you differentiating yourselves? Why should I be paying attention to this fund versus the thousand other funds that are coming and talking to me? Why do you stand out? Why are you going to get better deal flow? And you really have to be able to tell that story and make that very clear in an initial conversation so that when people come away from that, like, oh, this is really interesting. I think this really stands out. And just that standing out  is a key thing. Yeah, and there are certain, you know, certain things that specific LPs look for. Maybe it's like they don't, they don't like having single GPs or, you know, other kinds of specific criteria like that, where maybe it's just a small fund and they don't, they don't want to be a, you know, above a certain percent of the fund, which, you know, similarly managers can't necessarily do things, do things about, but, you know, there are certain kind of criteria like that, that LPs look for as well, look for as well, which can kind of be a negative signal. Yeah, it makes sense.  So, you know, there are plenty of good investors out there and a lot of groups who, like, okay, I'm going to do this for a couple of funds and I'm going to retire or whatever it might be. But I think LPs are looking for and, you know, the top funds are, you know, end up being these long lasting institutions that can weather generational transition and really, really building out, you know, for the long term. So firms like, you know, as I mentioned earlier, like Benchmark and Excel, InvestmentRide, they'd all been around for a long time.  So I think that's kind of a underrated but very important piece of it. And so you at some point decided, hey, I'm going to leave and go kind of full on into a blockchain and also start your own organization. So maybe talk us through like what was the accelerant for wanting to do that and ultimately deciding to. Yeah. So for some background, I guess, and how that came to be. So I've been tracking the space for a while prior to capital  2014. And you know, walking me through, you know, how they use their platform and, you know, just moving crypto around, for example, I was just kind of blown away by how easy it was and how it's how smooth and seamless it was. And I remember saying a note out to the full team at the time, and it's like, hey, we should be tracking this company. This is really interesting. And I didn't get a single response, which was kind of a sign of the times. But, you know, I was paying more and more attention to that space as I was doing venture full time. But, you know, the problem is it wasn't at all relevant for my day job.  And, you know, Green Spring, you know, it wasn't a, you know, wasn't a key focus for them. And, you know, I got to the point where I wanted to spend my full time and attention on it. And, you know, really felt, at Green Spring, we had a pretty broad purview into all things venture between the fund of funds and direct investments and whatnot. And, you know, I just really felt like, you know, if you looked at where a lot of the innovation and venture returns had come from for the prior 10, 15 years, areas like, you know, software and e-commerce and marketplaces and on demand and stuff like that. Yeah, I feel like a lot of that was,  which we can go more into if you want, but it's effectively taking Green Spring's model and applying to the blockchain space. So, you know, it's for the Hunter Fund Funds and Direct Investment firm focused on blockchain VC. And so help me understand, like, what is the argument for fund of funds versus going direct to managers for investors? So people that you go talk to and say, hey, you should work with us versus go to a direct manager. What's kind of that pitch look like? Yeah, so I guess to provide some some background  And that became a pretty popular model. You've seen a lot of kind of pre-sizable businesses built around that over time. But as LPs have become more and more sophisticated and do more and more of this in-house and just product who's been around for longer, that expertise and relationships and access are important. So areas like venture capital or small buyouts, for example, or international. Like if you're sitting here in the US investing in China and emerging  even smaller checks probably is not a feasible thing. For other LPs in general, I think folks in a space like this really value the diversified model and saying, hey, I can make one commitment, get exposure to let's say 10 funds. And especially in a space like blockchain venture, I think having exposure to different parts of the market is very important. So different structures, different views in the market, different geographies, different structures.  not just the ones they ask you to, we're all going to say good things, but have the network within the space to really dig around and get to the bottom of what's going on. So there's a handful of different reasons. And I think over time as this space emerges, sorry, kind of progresses, you'll see what you see in the traditional venture space, which is access also becomes a key thing, right? Because if you're an LP in Sequoia or a benchmark or Greylock or whoever, that's not something that's really  and then inside of the blockchain fund space, like how do you think about that difference between structures and strategies? Yeah, so I guess when we look at the blockchain VC landscape, we're focused specifically on what we focus out at HUD Capital, which is only closed end venture funds that are focused on blockchain. So, you know, exclusive hedge funds, excludes, you know, hybrid funds as they're called, and I could get more into that, but these are all closed end venture funds.  The landscape overall, I mean, it's a landscape of emerging managers, right? Most of these funds haven't been around for very long. And the oldest funds have only been around for maybe six years, which, you know, for a venture fund really isn't that long. So, you know, you just don't have, you know, kind of these, you know, legacy institutions that have been in this space for a long time. Everyone's effectively an emerging manager, which, you know, also kind of to the fund of funds points, you know, increases the diet proposition there since, you know, selection risk is really high when you can't look at a test.  money being raised by these venture funds, but it's a very, very small piece of the overall venture landscape. So yeah. And as part of that, when you look into the different structures or VC funds, it sounds like most of the structures all actually line up for the most part. On the manager side, do you see the emergence now of Pre-Seed Seed, Series A, Series B,  not all, but most also do some level of token investing, but it's a generally speaking, a smaller piece of what they do. And on the token side, that tends to be very early stage in nature because while those are still private, inherently they're kind of more like the equivalent of seed stage. But on the equity side specifically, you definitely see the exact same things you see in the traditional venture world where you have the same series of rounds, pre-seed, seed, series A, series B, or whatever it might be for a specific company. And in terms of the venture,  investing like most larger venture funds would, most of the capital is going to more traditional Series A rounds. Maybe there's a Series B mixed in there, whatever it might be, but you kind of think of those as your traditional Series A investors. I'd say the bigger portion of the market and most of the smaller funds are seed, pre-seed investors, but you definitely are starting to see that bifurcation, especially as some of the larger funds have moved up market in terms of fund size over the past  capital later in the stage of development. And so you're going to have to rely on non blockchain focused funds, at least right now to kind of continue to fund those businesses. And so do you do anything in terms of understanding kind of the relationships between traditional venture funds and the early stage blockchain funds? Or just how do you think about that kind of interaction there? Yeah, I wouldn't say it's a key part of part of our focus from a builder's perspective in terms of like specifically what are those relationships?  continue to fund companies forever. They are clearly reliant on outside investors to continue meeting future rounds, you know, series B, series C, series D. So I'd say, given there aren't a ton of companies that are later stage in this space, it's still kind of TBD in terms of exactly how that plays out. I do think they will be reliant on journalist firms. There aren't any sizes  do there. Yeah, so I mean, so the early conversation around kind of the fund funds model, another, I'd say important development in the fund funds world is that you can't really just be a fund of funds anymore. So, you know, the the groups have been most successful have effectively built platforms around the fund funds. And if you think about what the fund funds model is, you're an LP and a bunch of underlying funds, you have access to all sorts of very unique non public information on the underlying  And that's, you know, what we look to do is track their portfolio companies and then, you know, try, effectively try to invest in their best companies once they're really series B and later. And, you know, we only do equity, so we're not making any token investments, but that could be anywhere from doing, you know, a series B round with a few million in revenue on the early side, all the way through buying pre IPO secondaries and everything in between. And, you know, also to the early conversation around the relationships you build with these funds,  I guess technically after our early stage managers would. But yes, that's part of our focus as well. And we'll also find other ways to create value based on your relationships information we have, whether that's buying LP secondaries that could potentially be buying like GP stakes and their line funds. And just looking for different ways that we can use our position to our advantage and for our LPs. For sure. And then talking a little bit about  and it'll have some number of names on it. So yeah, those are good people to talk to. Obviously you're gonna assume they're being positive, but it's important to talk to those folks and get their perspective. It's also important to talk to people who aren't on that list. And to your earlier comments around being an easy LP, you don't wanna just call all their CEOs and clearly disrupt business from that perspective. But it is important that you talk to them  company, you know, why did you choose to work for them or try to try it? Sorry, why did you choose to work with them, you know, and choose them as a partner? Was it because they just gave you the highest price or, you know, was it because you really valued them as a partner? Maybe it was a pre-existing relationship. And, you know, maybe you went with them even though they they weren't the best price, you know, what how they've been like to to work with, you know, post investment, what's the cadence of communication look like? How are they as a board member, whatever, you know, whatever that might be, you know, just generally  What has that environment been like as you talk to investors? Let's talk pre-pandemic and then post the start of the pandemic. What's changed? What are you hearing and what does it look like? In pre-pandemic, I'd say trend-wise, things were good in terms of LPs being increasingly interested in the space and generally just being much more educated going into conversations. If you compare it to a couple of years ago,  institutions kind of get, you know, go through that process and kind of closer to allocating capital, you know, broadly speaking. You know, definitely when the when the pandemic hit, you know, so let's say back in March, you saw a lot of folks basically just go on hold, like, okay, we, you know, the market's down 20% over the past couple of weeks. You know, we need to kind of just put the brakes on here and see what's happening. You know, for large institutions where, you know, they were looking at this space, but maybe it wasn't like a true priority. It was just kind of  the fact that it's not necessarily tied to our underlying economy is a separate conversation. But in terms of their portfolio values, having them recover is obviously helpful. And I'd say also given some of the tailwinds over the past four months that have been created in this space, just kind of increasing focus around crypto as a potential macro hedge. A lot of certain folks who have come out like Paul Tudor Jones, for example, who has come out saying he's  you know, folks who were kind of on hold during, you know, part of the pandemic and, you know, generally speaking, we're definitely seeing things recover from that perspective. Got it. And I guess as part of all of this, what's been your biggest learning, right? As you kind of went out, sort of hut capital and have kind of gone through the process that you've gone through, what's been the biggest learning that you've had or maybe the biggest surprise? Yeah, the biggest learning has definitely been fundraising.  talking to how you go about fundraising, just like who you should be, what are the different avenues to try to raise capital and find folks that you should be talking to. It's like just the idea of how you fundraise has been probably massive learning. And there's definitely been mistakes I've made through that process that I've learned like, okay, maybe I wasn't doing this the right way and I need to kind of refocus on maybe this part of the market, for example,  something that remains kind of a subset of venture. Does it kind of get as big as maybe the way people look at FinTech or consumer social or something like that in the venture world? Where do you think it's going? Yes, I'd say partly that depends on your view of the space. I mean, my expectation is that it's something significantly bigger than FinTech and eventually kind of ends up eating FinTech, given my very bullish view on the space in general.  So there's certainly some dedicated funds that have been in there, but you haven't seen like what you see in this space where you have this huge number of dedicated funds who are really the experts in this space. They're where most of the top founders are going to for capital and really kind of being like where you raise venture money from in this space. So with that in mind, I do think that is going to continue for the foreseeable future. I've actually been honestly surprised  the way that these funds invest also is very different than in the traditional world. We have to worry about things like tokens and, you know, like, are you going to stake your tokens? And a lot, like a lot of the kind of crypto specific infrastructure that a lot of these generalist funds are definitely just not set up to handle. You know, the expertise is very different. And, you know, if you're not spending your full time in this space, it's really, really, really hard to really keep up with what's going on, making sure you have the  will definitely happen. And I think that'll be good for startups. In terms of how that plays out over time, I think if you look at the long term, you'll have a lot of dedicated funds in this space, and I think you'll have a lot of generalist funds who are also investing in the space much more than they are today. But I do think that the dedicated funds give the unique nature of this space will continue to thrive and be a key piece of the market. Yeah, I love that. Before I wrap up, I ask everyone the same two questions. The first being,  Honestly, I say that not sure. I can't say that there's one that's particularly influenced me more, like in a profound way or more than others in that sense. There's plenty that I've enjoyed, but generally speaking, I'm much more into listening to music as a way to spend my time. I've never had anyone say that, but that is an awesome answer.  and how you could have literally thousands of civilizations and not never have one ever ever make contact with the other. So yeah, I think there has to be life besides us out there. Tend to think that you're probably right. We'll see, but I tend to think so. To finish up, you get to ask me one question. What's the one question you have for me? So for your podcast series, how much preparation does it take  of like, okay, I'm going to ask this question. I pretty much already know the answer. That's why I'm asking the question. Then I'll ask the next question. And like, it just, I don't know, it was less rewarding for me because I kind of had already done all the work and learned everything before the episode started. So now, you know, I understand who the guest is, kind of their background. Usually I'll have a couple of talking points, but then I just want to have a conversation and really ask the questions that I'm curious about, right? And kind of just naturally let that play out. And so it's become much more rewarding experience for me to do  I'm comfortable not having everything mapped out as well. So that's interesting. My friends sometimes will be like, Hey man, we're not recording a podcast right now. Like stop asking me so many questions. Like I'm just trying to learn. Just trying to have fun, right? Yeah. Awesome. Where, where can we send people to find you on the internet and find out more about a hut capital? Yeah. So how capital you can find us at hut capital.com. We've also been doing a webinar series featuring leading blockchain VCs, which you can find at  and we get some more capital into the space. Yeah, thanks so much Anthony. A lot of fun and appreciate you having me on here, so thank you.