 All right, guys, bang bang. I've got Ben here with me. Super excited to talk with him. Thanks so much for doing this, man. Thank you for having me. It's a pleasure. Absolutely. Coming to us live from Shanghai. For those that don't know you, let's just start with your background. What did you do before you got into crypto? So I was in the retail forex business.  So I was in charge basically of overall operation, marketing, customer support, business development, just all aspect of the Forex business. So I guess it sort of gave me a edge on, you know, I was running a platform and now I'm running bybit. So I believe I could use a lot of my previous knowledge, especially on how to handle retail clients, deliver a product,  is that at least in Forerest, the whole business is very mature. It's very matured. And so the overall trading experience is actually very, very good if the platform is doing the right thing. There's all the different tools you can provide to a client, whether it's customer support, whether it's the trading product, whether it's a indicator or a education sort of platform and all of that. It was very established  from Forex, I can build a product that's kind of matching the trading standard I believe the trader can deserve. So I believe for me, the biggest takeaway is I know what exchange could be and where the standard should be. And that's what I want to push the limits and sort of build the buy-bit platform to the standard I'm used to and even beyond. Yeah. And when you say that the crypto space was behind in terms of infrastructure and technology, like what were the  could be improved, more user friendly, the whole layout and all that. And I was doing a little bit of trading, especially during volatility, there was a lot of these type of issues was either overload or servers not available or it was just hard during the time. And I figured the industry is just small. What if really we talk about mass adoption and if the mass adoption happens, no exchange can handle  or more sort of copy trading platform which is vastly available in FX in traditional, I guess, industry. But now it is getting more popular. People start to see them as a new thing, but it's actually really not. Copy trading, this type of stuff has been happening a lot in FX for a long time. But you start to see in crypto. So I guess as the industry grow and as we get more mature, different sectors,  really fresh off the boat in the industry. And really speaking, if I didn't know, let's see any of the major guys in the crypto now, I don't know, you know, the whole Bible story might change. So I didn't know anyone. And number two is, you know, there's a huge advantage being a latecomer, especially in 2018. And now looking back, I think a major part of BVID success attribute to the fact that we were  Thanks to the first guys that designed this whole thing, but the way we were able to take it and sort of build on it. So that gives us edge as a newcomer and now we can do more with it. So I think this is one of the things. And also at the time, I found a few very good partners that can help me to achieve this bi-bit project. And that's how we decided to go.  We want to sort of copy the model. If you say someone who invented the car, but the Japanese toolkit and really sort of refined it, and that's our model, is to really build the product and more design for retail. Our pure focus is on retail. So the BIPE product, whenever you see we have a new product launching, it's already sort of everything out of the box. We want to give our customer the feeling that it's like getting a new iPhone. We opened it.  that you cannot do professional trading on a mobile app, we believe the whole reason is because there wasn't a mobile app available for people to do so. So most of the exchange offer the mobile app as a supplement or an easy way to trade, but we want to focus on the mobile app as we see the trend and really make it a weapon sort of because crypto is 24 seven and it goes perfectly well with a mobile trading equipment. So we want to take advantage of that and really devote our energy  you can use USDT to trade and it's settled in USDT. You can go up to 100 leverage so that if you have, I don't know, if you want to trade $10,000, you can use literally $1,000 of USDT to trade. And so you can limit sort of the counterparty risk by not putting too much coins on an exchange by using leverage. I heard a lot of people using that. Yeah, so yeah.  change the industry is how affiliation system works. So when we launched the Bitcoin perpetual contract in December 2018, after about three months, there wasn't so much volume and interest coming in. We realized we need to focus on really getting people to know our product. So this is a game based on my previous effects knowledge, which is very developed in the affiliation system and program.  deal. I realized, well, they could be making so much money and utilizing their conversion and their traffic by simply working on an affiliation deal. But they couldn't do so because the data was not there. The data was not transparent. They could not analyze their action. So what we did is we basically built an affiliate CRM for them to be able to at least see, they can create different campaigns. So for you, Palm, you can create a YouTube campaign, a Twitter campaign.  whichever link has more traffic, they will be pushing that link more and then sort of really develop their whole energy into promoting a exchange. So after we launched that, along with that, there was also a spike in price movement in April of 2019. That really gave us a huge, a lot of client acquisition. And you can start to see that what we changed is that from being charging shout outs affiliates are now fully  positive, I mean, 60% of them. So this is because our product is user friendly, is built for retail, and they can find us 24 seven for the for customer support, all of that whole package. So in the end, it is the whole package. But in the beginning, this is what we did to get the initial ball rolling. Yeah. And I think one of the other things that I've heard people talk about with Bybit is not only was it really built for an analytic standpoint around the affiliate program, but also the way that  actually see that if a UID is registered, because the UID is an internal bybit number, so there's nothing conflict about that. They can see a UID registered, how much it's been traded, either it's taker volume or maker volume, and then how much commission they've been made from their clients. And if they create different campaign, they can actually target, let's say if I'm in the signal group, I can see the ROI on my signal group or versus the on my Discord group, let's say.  by giving a 2.5 bibs rebate on the maker volume. And the affiliates would share that taker volume fees. Another reason is because the platform is overall built for retail. A lot of retail clients tend to use a taker strategy. So that is why if they compare with let's say BIMAX or FTX, maybe FTX has a lot of quality.  You know you saw kind of some trends where people wanted to use the app Maybe talk a little bit about those trends and kind of what drove you to put so much time and effort into a building up the mobile app So originally we built the mobile app purely for our Asian users because there was so many requests from Japanese Korean and the Chinese users of vibes asking for mobile app Before the mobile app we had a mobile website. So when you visit from a mobile phone  So that's the only thing you can find your client anytime pretty much. And push notification, you can utilize that. So in the original version one of the mobile app, we already had a very simple price alert function where if they can set if Bitcoin price rich source level, we push, we give you a notification. But recently we pushed out a strategy alert that is one much more step ahead on top of the simple price alert, you can actually set  to put in much more indicators such as Fibonacci, MACD and all that useful ones so that people can rely on these things to tell them when the market is moving. And as far as for the trend is going, yeah, sorry, I got distracted a little bit. In the beginning, it was built for the Asian users, but right now, for example, 80% of our Japanese users are on our mobile app. I will say 70% of our Korean users are mobile app.  the development of that. 50 to 80 percent of users in certain countries using the mobile app is insane. Like I would not have expected it to be that high. Japan is insanely high. I would never expected that. But Japan it was before we offered the mobile app. Everyone was using the web version. But once we have them move everyone switched. So it was it was it was very surprising. So to me as well. Why do you think that they're using mobile. Is it literally just because they're on the move.  I  Yeah, in that system, we want to advance into more even automated trading for our mobile users. For example, if you start to use different indicators and you want us to let you know that when this indicator is happening or certain price hits the trigger point, we can, the next step is to connect the conditional order or limit order system into the notification. So once, let's say your Fibonacci hits certain resistance, you want to do that.  that will automate it, simple automated trading. Yeah. Yeah. It makes a lot of sense. And then when, when your team reached out to me to, to do this, they were reaching out because they wanted to talk about the world series of trading, right? And so we're, we're, we're, go ahead and promoting that on the podcast in terms of the sponsorship. But I said, Hey, I want to talk to Ben, right? If we're gonna, if we're gonna do this, let's talk to Ben, get him on here. So tell us a little bit about the, the world series of trading and kind of what you guys are trying to accomplish with, with that initiative.  Twitter guys leading different teams. So it was a battle and it was sort of a hype at the moment that where people was talking about it and discussing strategies and all that and this time we want to make it sort of even bigger and make it into a Regular occurring event. So we changed the name from a simple BTC competition to WSOP This is a reference to poker star WSOP, you know that kind of idea  Mike McDonald is going to be leading the team. And of course your regular Twitter guys and YouTubers. So with that being said, we want to sort of use this event to make a social event so everyone can communicate and discuss and have a little bit of fun. So we're going to be also launching a chatroom function that our clients have been asking a lot so people can actually chat among each other and even trash talk if they want. Show off their  And like, how do you think we're doing and how do you just think about like where we are in crypto today? I think definitely there has been a lot more product focused team and product orientated people coming into the space. So it is a good thing. I think after the whole 2017, it got a lot of hype and a lot of people are interested. Now from 2018, they're joining into the industry and they start to see different  of software, we were very impressed with the team and the product. So we think there's some synergy going on there and that's why we made some investment and hopefully we will be integrating to them very soon. And just from a exchange perspective, there are a lot more institution coming in now, even talking to Bybit, trying to connect to us, give us liquidity and trade with our API. So I think it's definitely,  you think they are kind of still hiding but now they just you know they're just printing and you start to see that because of that the consequences are the rich are getting their billing out but the poor the inequality is so bad and you see that stock and everything is going up but if you're living on if you have no access to capital or you're just working on minimum wages that $14 $15 per hour it's been diluted like hell so you start to see there's a huge river  product is ready for mass adoption. So we're ready for when that comes and contribute to this. And on the hand, crypto is something completely the whole, the whole about the whole society, about the whole, you know, everyone gets benefited. So this is why we believe in so much. Yeah, yeah. And what about in China and kind of greater Asia, right? So a lot of people listening are in the United States and about 50% of people listening are going to be outside of the United States right now.  They went in with this assumption of assuming we need to do a lot of things. And then you're going, you start to see, wow, all these exchange are extremely well structured and they have their own Indo-Sether, they have their regulations completely legalized and all these company, I think the largest one is called Indo-DEX. So people can actually go to Indo-DEX, the counter and actually buy crypto. And it's completely legal, the government accepted.  and put sort of the Chinese R&B into the world stage by combining with crypto and blockchain. So overall, I think the hype in Asia is bigger even and people have struggled to believe. And there was also recently a blockchain wake happening in Shenzhen in China where there were a lot of people went there and you can see the hype even, you never saw it. You'll see so many people after this epidemic  I think the whole Chinese stablecoin is very murky right now. Nobody knows. Even the people in the industry talk to everyone just guessing. Nobody knows what the central bank is doing or the Bank of China is trying to test. I still think at this stage, people in the crypto industry are still unclear, but we definitely start to see that we're doing a lot of hiring right now and we see a lot of good candidate and they sort of,  to find out what's going to happen. But they asked me and we were like, well, we still don't really know at the moment, but we also, I know as much as you do. So this is what's going on. Yeah. Yeah. And it's pretty interesting too, because I think as you get like the rise of DeFi, right? And kind of these decentralized or automated products, do you think that whether it's the Chinese digital currency, Bitcoin or something else, do you think that the average user in Asia is open to using those products for financial services over the  the current, you know, the legacy services. One of the reasons being that the existing service, let's say Alipay or Tencent, all these different financial tools are so convenient. There are a lot of people, I know a lot of my friends that are either Americans or, you know, from UK, when they move back to the US, they feel very uncomfortable because a lot of these things are not available anymore. It's so convenient  you don't really know what, you know, you know, so if you never had privacy and you, you never asked, so you don't see people on Weibo talking about different privacy issues, but where you see a lot of that in Twitter on that, which is, I don't necessarily personally agree with, but this is what the Chinese carbon standard is. So being that, if you're trying to push out a different and sell people that, hey, if you use this thing, at least you get your privacy, people are like, well, I'm perfectly happy  profitable business. How have you found hiring, whether it's there in China or globally, before we get started, you were telling me how you guys kind of were very used to working remotely and kind of using all the different remote tools, but obviously you're looking for the best people. So talk a little bit about kind of building your team and how you found that hiring process. We take hiring very seriously. Actually, all the hiring, the final interviews is definitely one of the founders.  as hiring concern, we actually find through this epidemic, a lot of good candidate is becoming available. So we actually has been expanding massively. Right now we have globally more than 250 people. So half of them, more than half of them are, you know, hired probably during this whole six months. So and we have one interesting round I can share.  What's your preference? What kind of people you hang out with? And also they actually tell the candidate about what is working in by bit like because a lot of times the candidate is feeling a little bit shy asking kind of direct question about the line manager. So they ask the coaching interviewer and the coaching interviewer, their core responsibility is to find out whether this person have client first mentality, whether it's being, this person sincere, whether it's a goal  about that process. Yeah. I love that. I absolutely love that. Before I get into the rapid fire questions to end it, what's your number one priority for the second half of 2020? Like what are you most focused on seeing by bit or your team do? We want to expand our current product lines. Like I said, we are launching our expiration contract and also hopefully by Q4, we want to launch our option product. So we want to truly by this year,  important book that you've ever read? The most important book. You know what, I recently took a vacation and my second son was just born two weeks ago. So I was in the hospital and holding him. And just on the shelf, there was a book called Tuesday with Maurice. And so I read that Tuesday with Maurice.  This is one of the recent book I read. I find it very interesting. Yeah. So, yeah. It sounds like a very strategically placed book, right? Is to put that in the room. Probably my wife put it there. I love that. The second question is a little bit more fun. Aliens, believer or non-believer? Oh, 100% believer. Why? Especially after knowing how small we are. Maybe before I didn't know  question. So what is the one question that you have for me? One question I have for you. This is very good. What was the one most interesting question you asked? And even to this day, you found it interesting. You kind of think back to one of the any of the people you interviewed. Yeah. Most interesting question.  equations and they're very kind of analytical about it. So I think that is just like my favorite question because it can tell you so much about the way somebody thinks, what they believe, you know, people who want to believe aliens are real versus people who, you know, don't want to and stuff like that. I would say that's definitely one. In terms of like my favorite question, I don't think I have one. I think what it ends up being is there are  I think a lot of people they will, you know, if you go on television, for example, everyone is trying to like project some image, right? Hey, I'm the smart trader guy. I'm the smart this, I'm the smart this, you know, whatever. Podcasts are a little bit different that people are more authentic and kind of just, you know, have a conversation. So I think when you see people be like overly vulnerable, especially when they say things that are true, but don't make them look good, you're just like, man, this is pretty cool experience to kind of have those types of conversations with people.  this. I really enjoyed it and congratulations with all your guys' success and we'll have to do it again in the future. Thank you, thank you. Looking forward to the next talk. Thank you.