 All right guys, bang bang. I've got Michael here with us. Thanks so much for doing this man. Yeah, great to chat. I think it's been too long since the last time we sat down. You have been hard at work, it appears like. So for those that haven't been paying attention, grayscale, I think might've already been the largest digital asset manager,  investors to seek out digital assets in the structure that you guys have? For sure. So first I just kind of introduced grayscale for folks that don't know us. We are the world's largest digital currency asset manager. Really for us, it's been about providing access and exposure to the asset class. And so today we offer 10 different investment products where investors can gain exposure to either a single digital currency in the case of some of our single asset products.  And I'd say, for most investors, Grayscale has been around now since late 2013. And while it's been fantastic and rewarding to see it become orders of magnitude easier for investors to access digital currency directly, many investors still don't want to. They don't wanna figure out where to buy digital currency, how to transfer it, store it, safe keep it. And the Grayscale family of products really is that all in one solution that looks, feels and acts the same way investors have an experience  family offices, other types of institutions, financial advisors, RIAs. And then because some of the grayscale products are also publicly quoted, we also serve really any investor that has access to the public markets where they can trade in grayscale products in their brokerage accounts, IRA accounts, etc. So I think that one of the things I've seen a bunch of people kind of arguing back and forth on Twitter, which always cracks me up, I'm like, hey, look, I'll just ask the guy when I have home on a podcast,  So maybe just help talk through like one, how do you guys think of institutions? And then also too, if you can just break down like out of that 80% institutions, any ballpark numbers on like what's hedge funds versus what other organizations look like? Yeah, I think for us, we certainly believe hedge funds are institutions, right? You're talking in our opinion about professional investors who have underlying people that are trusting them to allocate their money according to a prescribed industry.  and institutions or other types of professional investors as clients as well. So that can be an endowment. It can be a registered investment advisor. It could be a private organization. It could be a bank. It really runs the gamut. But I would say overwhelmingly it is going to be, when we talk about institutional flows, overwhelmingly hedge funds. And I think, Anthony, the reason that that is is because when you're talking typically about a hedge  all of the different funds that you have. One is impressive, but it's even more impressive when I think you look at it from a good portion of that, call it four to five months, ends up being a global pandemic and economic shock. Maybe talk a little bit just about like how does the macro changes help or hurt kind of the argument for institutions gaining exposure and then other things that you may see as to why people are seeking out this exposure. Yeah, I mean, I certainly want to be sensitive  of activity. So if you look back at 2019, before the pandemic hit, Grayscale had a record year. We raised over $300 million last year, and we've never seen inflows like that before. That momentum really carried itself into the first quarter of 2020, when we raised over half a billion dollars in just one quarter. And it really wasn't until the pandemic hit in late or mid March of 2020, I believe,  And so the second quarter of 2020 broke yet another record for grayscale. We brought in over $900 million in the second quarter of 2020. And, you know, I think we have to think about what's driving that. And to some extent, you know, one might think that economic uncertainty and not really knowing what the outlook is going to be when COVID may subside, when we may have a vaccine, may just be causing people to take risk off.  And I think especially in the wake of how government intervention has come into the fold in the wake of the pandemic, you've just seen this unlimited fiscal stimulus being injected into the financial system. And when you think about that, it's causing a lot of investors and a lot of the conversations we're having with investors to revisit some of the core attributes of digital currencies like Bitcoin that do in fact have a verifiable scarcity to the amount of Bitcoin that will ever be.  being split up among those various assets? Sure. So we now have nine single currency products. So we have products that are just solely and passively holding Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, Litecoin, XRP, Stellar, Horizon and Zcash. I think I just hit all nine of them. And then the digital large cap fund is our diversified offering, which holds a market cap weighted basket.  for you, Pomp, but most investors' first foray into grayscale products is still usually in Bitcoin. And that's not gonna surprise anyone listening to this either, right? Bitcoin has probably overcome the most adversity. It's probably where investors have spent the most time and there's the most resources available to them. But I would say it's interesting to know how much investors are diversifying away from grayscale products. So I would say this quarter, the demand for products in Q2  within the grayscale family. And that's a theme that's been going on for a while and one we're monitoring closely. But investors not only see the diversification benefit of having digital currency exposure, but also having exposure to more than one digital currency. So I think most people in crypto will know almost everything that you just said in terms of the names of the assets. The one that may stick out to them is Horizon. Talk a little bit about what that is and why you guys chose to incorporate that one. Sure. So Horizon is a private  we have seen there be quite a bit of demand for protocols that preserve financial privacy. And we're not talking about financial privacy that lends itself to nefarious activity or anything that would be untoward. We're talking about the ability for investors to be able to store value or transact in a way that can protect some of the details of those types of transactions. Horizon is an asset, however,  about one of the things that I think investors are scared of, but also some investors are excited about is the premiums on the various funds. So for those that don't know, basically a premium is when the fund itself holds a certain amount of assets, let's say a million dollars worth of an asset, but it's actually trading at a value above that. So it could be 1.1, 1.2 million dollars. That delta between where's trading and the actual asset value is a premium. At times there's certain vehicles you guys  of the 10 grayscale products have been approved for a public quotation. So that's our Bitcoin product, the Ethereum product, Ethereum classic product, as well as the grayscale digital large cap fund. And so it's important for me to reiterate here that grayscale does not trade in, we're not market makers, we're not dictating the price at which any of the four products I just mentioned are trading in the public market on any given day. Instead, these products are really driven by market  you can also get yourself digital currency exposure through any one of the grayscale products that are publicly traded. And so there is kind of an ease of use, so liquidity, and then it also negates the need for investors to navigate buying, transferring, holding, storing, safekeeping, digital currency directly. And I think one of the other big areas where we see a lot of uses of the grayscale products is also in retirement accounts. So we do not only have investors who want to make these allocations  buying Bitcoin directly in that kind of account or buying Ethereum directly in that kind of account. So there again, you know, having the grayscale product really is providing a value to investors and giving them the ability to get exposure, whereas they otherwise would not be able to. Yeah, it's really interesting. And I guess as part of this, maybe talk a little bit about where you see most of the inflows. Is it in the public markets or is it in those private placements? Yes. So the inflows that we get are only into the private placements.  what we've seen and what we believe will continue to see is that the volume and the number of shares in the public market will grow over time as more and more investors who bought on the primary side have their shares roll off into the secondary market. And obviously when people hear inflows, they think, okay, what about outflows? How do you think about outflows and how do you measure that at all? Sure. So we actually don't offer redemption programs in our products. So the grayscale products, you know, have these ongoing private  things that people have talked a lot about over the years is a Bitcoin ETF. You guys obviously have the closest thing to that. It's a little bit different structure, but it has served the purpose that an ETF could serve in terms of allowing people to get exposure in a liquid way in a various number of investment mechanisms, whether it's in retirement dollars or not. What are you guys thinking about or kind of paying attention to in terms of that ETF process?  is evolving and moving day to day, week by week. We like to sometimes say, a week in the digital currency world is like six months in the real world. And I think with that being said, our regulators have recognized digital currency, Bitcoin in particular, in a lot of ways that lend a lot of validation to it and should really, in our opinion, not be deterrence for investors accessing the asset class. So we've gotten guidance from the IRS  for Bitcoin, maybe things like surveillance sharing agreements, maybe a little bit more regulation and oversight of the different marketplaces and venues where digital assets are being traded. And I think that that's something that certainly we as a firm and me as an individual, I'm excited to kind of see how the ecosystem continues to mature. I've been in the space now seven years and it's amazing to see how much progress has been made. So I think again, it's going to be a matter of when not a matter of if.  It's worth noting that in 2017, we were working to move the grayscale Bitcoin trust up to the New York Stock Exchange as an ETF. And while we made a lot of great progress with the SEC, we ultimately pulled out of that process recognizing that they, again, just weren't ready for it. And so I do think that there will be a time eventually where this product is able to hopefully one day be able to achieve that level of registration and change  directly or a basket of them, that's what you provide. Have you guys thought about or have any plans to create vehicles where it may be an asset that then earns interest or any sort of bells and whistles that would be attached to not just be direct exposure to an asset, but kind of additional value? Sure. So number one, I would just say the Grayscale team, myself included, everyone has really spent their time in financial services firms, banks, et cetera.  investors telling us they want and what areas of the market do they want exposure to. So I may regret this later, Palm, but if people ever have ideas for grayscale products, feel free to tweet me at sun and shine. I'd love to hear your, your, your ideas that you have. Many of you already do that on a daily, if not multiple times a day basis. And we certainly take any and all of those things under advisement. But what I can share for now is that the grayscale product family will certainly not stop  make sure that there's sound custodial solutions around products, around certain digital assets that we can in fact go ahead and create a product around that digital asset. The list goes on and on, but I would just say there are some very practical implications that definitely need to be considered in the context of evaluating any digital asset for inclusion in a grayscale product. So that brings us to one of the most asked questions that I got, which was, does that mean Dogecoin is out after the recent TikTok influence  digital currency community, right? There are a lot of passionate folks, a lot of passionate voices, and we're seeing a ton of financial innovation coming around it, and what a better time than to be working on it in the wake of everything going on in the world. Yeah, so as much as I'm joking about Dogecoin, it does bring kind of a more serious question, which is around performance, right? So obviously, there are a number of investors that specifically want exposure to crypto assets because of past performance or belief in future performance.  when they see a drawdown in price. Again, because our products carry when you buy the private placement, a statutory holding period, we're really serving a community of investors that are really allocating to digital currency for the medium to longer term. And so when they see a pullback in price as a result of any number of factors that may be affecting it, it's been really rewarding to see that they're viewing that as an opportunity versus a, we're scared, we wish to see  some of the assets that we provide products around Zcash, Ethereum, and Stellar were some of the top performers, right? Zcash was up 72% in Q2, Ethereum up 62%, and I think Stellar on a similar footing. And so I think a lot of investors are paying attention to price movements, and then also looking at portfolio construction. What does your portfolio look like when you make room for 50 basis points of digital currency or 150  stories from watching that happen. But then also too, you guys have a very unique kind of structure in that either one, the investors are in illiquid vehicle, meaning that even though the asset is liquid, they can't sell their stake in the private fund. Or two is most of that drawdown or kind of the most severe part of that drawdown happened after the stock market had closed, right? And so even if you held the liquid shares, you were kind of hands tied till the morning. So maybe just kind of talk through like, one, any  precipitous drop. So I myself feel unfazed by those events, right? I certainly am somebody who is allocated to digital currency personally and for the long term believe that we're still in the early innings of where this asset class can ultimately go. When I think back to the big drawdown that we saw in March, I can tell you with certainty, there was not a single email or phone call from an investor  having that conversation. But there was never a run for the hills because digital currency is taking a big dip. Again, instead, these are moments where investors view these things opportunistically and look to those kinds of moments to again really add to a position. Yeah, it's very, very interesting. One of the things that people have been talking about a lot online and I joke and say it's back of the napkin math only with people who may not be the best at math.  through like, I'm sure you've seen that flying around on Twitter, like thoughts and kind of any response there. Yeah, you know, it's an interesting calculation that back of the napkin calculation that some folks are doing, right? You know, the process that people or the calculation that people are undertaking is that particularly in the wake of the Bitcoin halving, which we experienced earlier this year, what they are saying is that the rate in which Bitcoin  Grayscale is an asset manager and we are trying to satisfy investors appetite for exposure to digital currencies and in this case, exposure to Bitcoin. And so if the rate at which we are having to try to satisfy our investor demand is happening faster than new Bitcoin is coming online, then that should be an important indication to really anybody undertaking this, that demand is outstripping the new supply coming into the market.  quarter. Are there any trends or are there any interesting data points to extrapolate for investors? Because ultimately we're trying to give investors intelligent and actionable insights. And if this report being the largest asset manager in the space can do that then it's really quickly quite become really the de facto sentiment indicator for investment demand for the asset class. So I think a lot of people would then say OK where does Grayscale get the Bitcoin or other assets that that they do when they're creating the  Because Genesis is a broker dealer, we work exclusively with Genesis on sourcing digital currencies that go into all of the grayscale products, right? For grayscale, it's really important for us and to the investors we serve that we're doing everything as compliant as possible. And so working with a regulated entity, a broker dealer in this case, really allows us to do so. And so Genesis's counterparties are all either individuals,  to buy Bitcoin or the applicable digital asset in order to fulfill whatever demand is being had. Got it. And I guess as you go into other assets, so not just Bitcoin or Ether and kind of the large market caps, does that get harder? Does that get easier? Like, how do you think about actually acquiring it? And so go to the extreme example, if you started a Dogecoin vehicle, right? And it's got a smaller market cap.  that investors may have for a given product we offer and inherently the underlying asset that that product's invested in, then that poses a big challenge for us and would be a roadblock to us being able to serve certain types of digital currencies inside our products. It's also worth noting though that in some instances we also have investors who already own digital currency and can facilitate creations of grayscale products using digital currency  the coins we're taking into our products are in fact clean. Got it. I normally end each episode asking the same two questions. We've already had the pleasure of talking about your favorite book and an alien. So I have two separate ones that are more grayscale specific kind of and looking in the future. The first is as you kind of evaluate the company today and as you move forward, what do you feel like is the company's greatest weakness or the thing that you want to spend the most time working on to improve over the next call at 12 to 24 months?  and want to make sure that people have an even better experience with Grayscale. And I think along with that is also continuing to really invest in talent. We've been continuing to hire and expand the Grayscale team. And I think that we will also really continue to invest in people. But I wouldn't say people are a weakness at the moment, just to be clear. I love that answer. Didn't mean to put you on the spot. And then I guess the second question is, you're already the largest digital currency asset manager  digital currencies as a, you know, looking at their market cap is really almost nothing compared to the size of some of the markets they stand to disrupt. And so if we're successful in our mission, we are not only continuing to offer, you know, best in class institutional grade solutions for investors to gain exposure to this nascent asset class, but we're also going to be a meaningful piece of helping to educate individuals and entities  I'm on Twitter and I'm a little scared after this this chat with you, Palm, but you can find me at Sun and shine at my last name on Twitter. You can find grayscale on at grayscale.co that's grayscale.co And there we have a whole host of great research reports all kinds of primers on digital currencies if you're looking to get a little smarter on a specific digital currency that you haven't maybe  and we'll keep cheering for you, but I will do it again in the future. Awesome. Thanks, pop. This is great.