 All right, guys, bang bang. Super excited to have Mike on today. A little bit different in that I have no clue if he knows anything about crypto, but he's had a fascinating life and a mutual friend grant. Grant now is two for two with me. One, he convinced me to switch to Zoom. So we are now using Zoom and can hear each other and see each other. And you guys can listen to us. And also he connected with Mike. So thanks for doing this, man.  around 16, my parents really started pushing me to get a job. And I took that as taking away from time that I wanted to skate. So I had to figure out a hack around it, which ended up being, you know, convinced companies to give me free product. And then I don't need money because I get it all for free. And, and then that prolonged or gave me an extra two years until I was going to graduate high school. And then, you know, my parents hit me with where are you going to college? And, you know, I wasn't quite ready yet to give up skating.  Oh man, you know what, I think I've seen it all at this point truthfully. There's definitely like people who are just God given, just spewing talent and they are just naturally good. You have those people, right? I was not one of them. I was the person who became so obsessed that I wasn't willing to not be good and I wasn't willing to hear no. I was more like the workhorse guy. And that's just what I had to do to create success because for me it was a little harder.  in terms of your 16 year old kid and you say, hey, I got to go convince these brands. So I give me gear. What was that process like? Do you just start cold calling people or what do you do? Yeah, it was a little harder back then than it is now. There's no social media. So basically I convinced, uh, we had a filmer, like a neighborhood filmer, the guy who just like filmed all of us and I convinced him to help me make a video, kind of like a sponsor me tape. And it took about, I don't know, four or five months to make it.  I convinced the guy who filmed Steve Ireland to make me another tape. Took another four or five months. I sent another 40 out and on the second batch, I got two companies to call me. Okay. And when you're sending these out, is there like a letter in there that's basically like sponsor me or like what goes with the tape? There should have been. There definitely should have been, but my limited experience. No, man. It was a tape on the tape. I put a sticker that said Mikey Taylor with my phone number.  there's, okay, so in skateboarding, there's a thing called flow, which means companies just give you free product, but they're not advertising you. And then from the point of them advertising you is when you become amateur and then pro is beyond that. So think of it as like three ranks, right? The flow scenario was awesome because you're getting free product, but no other company knows who you are. You haven't made a splash yet. So I didn't have a lot of companies calling me at that point. It wasn't until I started getting in magazines, videos,  that we weren't allowed to. Sure. That's a good, that even sounds better. Oh man. Um, you know, what's funny, man, when we were kids, like, you know, like being where we weren't supposed to be was such a regular everyday occurrence and like running from the cops was like so normal for us. I'm trying to think of like a point where it all went wrong. Uh, you're basically saying that everywhere you went, you weren't supposed to be my truthfully, my job was  out of the ordinary, but we were skating in San Bernardino. We were skating at the school and it was probably maybe 11 at night. We used to go at schools at night and light stuff up because no one was around. And the cops came, right? Which is like totally normal for us, but like where we were was a little bit hood. And so the cops come in like guns blazing, right? Where there's like 10 of us were on the ground and we're from like Thousand Oaks, we're like suburb kids. We're on the ground, hands might, right? And as they're running our info, they take us  And so they thought I was a fugitive on the run. And like, I'm sitting here, I'm 18 years old. I'm basically in tears, right? I'm like, you guys don't understand up from the suburbs. Like I live in this neighborhood. It's like the movie's like, you know, just totally green. And they're looking at me like something doesn't add up. And I'm just like, oh my God, and my brother's like, Matt, call mom and dad. Like, they got to get me out of here. I've never been arrested at that point. So, so basically as they're getting ready to walk me out, I was like, you know, begging for help.  They're like, you guys should have not known better. So I was going to ask, like, as you're leaving, are you cordial with them or is this like, I told you, you know, you had the wrong guy the whole time. I was silent and just thankful to get me the hell out of here. I love it. I love it. All right. And so as you guys are kind of growing up, like, my understanding is as you're talking about those tears, right, kind of the flow and then even to the amateur, like a lot of this is just you're doing it because you love doing it.  You're not making that much at that point. There was a time in which I got up my own signature shoe and that's where like kind of more significant money came in. And so from a monetary standpoint, it was right around, oh gosh, I was probably 23, 22, 23. I was like, okay, here we go. On the other end though, when you have a passion, you just do it because you love doing it, right?  was right around that 23, 22, 23 time. And then I was like, okay, this is a job and this isn't as fun anymore. You know, I had to like find a new, a new love. It almost feels like to some degree, they're like, Oh, Hey, by the way, we're giving you money because you have to do things for us. Right? That's right. That's right. That was a very valuable learning experiences. They're not just giving me money because I love skateboarding. They're giving me money because they see some type of value in which I can then  all of that, like how did that change in terms of not the money side of it, but actually like what you're actually doing on a day to day basis? So, so for me, I didn't speak contest until I was older. I was pro for probably 10 years before I skated the contest. And that's because of what you just touched on. I was drawn to skating because it was me against me. I wasn't looking at the other person trying to be better than them. It was like, how can I improve? It was such a, I mean, it was selfish, but it was incredible.  one, I'm naturally a competitive person. So there was an element that I liked that side of it. The other challenge I had was I didn't pick skateboarding because I wanted to compete with the person next to me. So it was a, there was a balance behind it, I guess pros and cons to both. But when I skated contests, like truthfully, I would try to do the best I could do. And if that meant sixth place and it was the best I skated, I was stoked. If I skated like crap and got third, wasn't that happy.  managing anything other than my focus on skateboarding. But then he kind of taught me how to be disciplined with how I spent. And then he kind of educated me on where I could put money. And that was ultimately my backup plan. Like I'm going to focus on skateboarding. I'm going to make as much as I can here. And I'm going to put as much of that to work so that when my career ends, that'll be my exit. It wasn't until, gosh, how old was I? 28. So this was, I'm a little past halfway through. I started wanting to start my own companies.  And you were trying to start these businesses and work on them. Okay. So I had this like original idea that like anything that I was going to market, I could own. That was like my first, first idea. And so, you know, it started with like a backpack company, a skateboard brand, a clothing brand. Uh, we started a craft brewery, which, uh, ended up being a huge blessing because I didn't have a drink sponsor. So it was like, okay, cool. Like I don't have a drink sponsor. Like that'll be a good, like whatever accessory brand.  Right. Like I should probably build this stuff. Um, how are you going about, you know, this is a couple of years ago. So it's not like, you know, the internet and kind of all the tools we have today, but when you go to start that backpack company or that skateboard company or whatever, like, are you literally doing it by yourself? Are you building teams or are you trying to use other tools? Like I just walk through kind of like operationally how you were trying to do it. Such a good, good question. So I, I learned through experience the importance of building a team. And that was because I was still skating.  I would spend a lot of time creating the company, helping create the team and launching it. And then once the point of launching it, then I was able to free up some time to then put towards skateboarding and then participate heavily on the marketing side and then any of like the bigger picture decisions and conversation. And then that led to, which is awesome, when I started my next company,  And he was so influential to me because one, I saw him in a video one time, like he was filming one of the skaters and he was like one of the gnarliest, best pro skateboarders of all time. And I saw him in a video filming another skater. I was like, whoa, this guy films also. And then I found out that he owned the company he rode for, which was Zero. And then he ended up starting a shoe company called Fallen. And he was the first example where I went, oh my gosh, skaters can be more than skaters.  when skateboarding became a job for me, I had to find a new love in it. So there was a point where like, whatever, I love skateboarding. And then all of a sudden, you know, the pressure and the requirements, there was a time where I didn't like it anymore. And I ended up falling in love with the business side of my skate career. And that happened around the same time of me getting a shoe. And I started experiencing, you know, everything that goes into selling product sales, marketing, you know, it designed, it was,  with my skateboarding and why it ended up ending, I had my sponsors, I had two sponsors that were my main income, ended up letting me go. And it was at a point where I had just had surgery. And so I was laying on the couch, got a call, all of my income went away, and I was probably, I don't know, 12 months, maybe 11 months away from being 100%, being recovered 100%. And so I kind of had to make a decision  I was only trying to delay the inevitable because there's only a, so there's only long, I only have so much time for sponsors to pay me. And so I ended up stepping away and it was brutal. It wasn't easy. It was, it was, it was such a hard decision because I expected my career to end a certain way and it ended such a different way. And I think all of us naturally want to, we want things to happen on our terms and it didn't. And there was a point where I had to wrestle with that.  thousands and thousands and thousands of hours. Now, I don't know, once a week, maybe once every two weeks. I still, that's still a lot. I mean, for the average person, that's definitely a lot, right? For the average, I would say for the average 36 year old who has three kids and a business that he's doing full time, that's a pretty good amount. I love it. I love it. And you mentioned the the craft brewery. So I have on good order from Grant that you are gluten  So basically for three years, we owned it for a little over three years. You know, when we would do like, we would do events at the brewery and we would pour beer, I'd have to like take a St. Patrick's beer and empty it and fill it with something else. It was like, it sucked. That part sucked. And then we ended up, we ended up selling it and then about a year and a half, two years later, they did a gluten-free beer. I was like, we really should have been on that trend when we had it, you know?  How do you end up building a successful brewery where many are just not as successful or end up not making it work? Okay, I'll tell you why I think it was successful. When we started doing our, let's call it due diligence of trying to figure out how to take this idea and create it into a reality. It was two things were happening. One, craft beer was starting to become mainstream. It wasn't popping like it is now, but if there was a party, you'd see two people come up with a craft beer.  were built on. It's like when you look at vans or a D-Dis or Nike, there's no difference in the shoes at all, right? It's all the image and vibe and emotion that they connect to their audience with. They get somebody to be a diehard Nike fan or a diehard Adidas fan. Same thing goes for Chevy Ford, right? And so we saw that as an absence to the craft beer industry. That wasn't happening. So you take an industry that knows all about marketing and having to  influential marketing, but it was right when like Instagram was like kind of cracking. And so when we started the company, we had to raise money for it. And so we hit up a lot of our friends. It was like mainly a friends and family round. And that was pro surfers, pro skaters, pro snowboarders. And so when we were about to launch, you know, we looked at it and went, dude, a lot of us have a following on Instagram. Like what if we just post about St. Archer on Instagram? And so you take this perfect combination, right? Craft beer expansion.  a reflection point where it's like, oh shit, like a big beer company is gonna come buy this thing and maybe they're calling inbound or what like, at what point does it almost become real that like, this isn't just like me and my friends have a brewery. This is actually like a company that's gonna get acquired. Okay, so when we went out to raise money at that time, me, Paul and Josh, the three co-founders, we didn't know how to raise money. And in that process, remember I told you I had somebody come into my life that taught me about money?  picture in which they think it's actually possible that it's going to happen. So we had to accept when we were pitching this thing that we had to sell it. Like this thing had to be successful for anyone else to make money. So we understood that that was there. Then when we opened doors, it was really apparent right when we started that we had something special. I mean, it was, you know, with other companies I've done, it didn't work like St. Archer. It was like, we're going to break through.  Like how does that work? We had a call it like a broker or an investment banker reach out to us that represented big brands or big companies that were looking to acquire smaller brands. And they reached out to us and asked if we were interested. And then basically, you know, we were like, Hey, we'll listen. And then that turned into multiple offers. And then it was like, Holy crap, this actually could be  What's the first thing you do? So, yeah, so for me, I didn't become a billionaire, but I became a millionaire. And it scared me. It was such a different experience than I thought it was going to be. And Paul, one of my closest friends who I grew up skating with, one of the greatest skateboarders of all time, was one of the co-founders as well. And we both got the wire. We saw each other the next day, and we both had the same feeling. It was like, oh my gosh, like, we really can't blow this now.  And I know you're telling the truth because literally every single person thinks, oh, when I sell my company, literally, you know, we're gonna go pop bottles at the club and it's gonna be this amazing thing. And instead you're sitting there like, oh, shit, like we can't mess this up. Dude, and you know what, we couldn't mess, and I was still skateboarding when it happened. So it was like, there was a part of me that was like, shit, everyone knows. And like, dude, you know, I went to a demo, I remember going to this demo and this guy was like on the mic or whatever. And I skate in, he's like, Mikey Taylor.  your reaction when you finally say to them, Hey, we're selling this thing. Here's the price. And for everyone who get, you know, for every $1 you gave us, here's how many you're getting back. What's that conversation like? So that was where the joy was. It was so much more fun, that experience than personal and not saying like, I, we weren't blessed by it. We were blessed by it, but like, dude, my dad, my father-in-law, like, dude, my dad paid off his house because of this. It was like, my father-in-law was like, these are guys who  the best part of the whole thing, you know, and a lot of these guys, like, you know, I was fortunate enough to have somebody help me, uh, learn about investing prior to that moment. So I had experience with investing. I had never had a, uh, a game like that, but I had experienced with it. A lot of those keyboards, this is the first time they invested in anything. So it was like, it was just to see the light bulb go off. Like, Holy, this is, I need to be here. You know, the only downsides, didn't they think everyone's going to do that? Right? Like they're saying, Oh, what's the next one up?  But he just signed this massive deal with Fandule. So they're going to sponsor him and all this crazy stuff. But he's got a group of 10 guys, I think it was nine or 10 guys who are like his team, right? So they help him with production to guests, all this stuff. And he just put a video up on the internet where he takes $500,000 and he goes to the bank and he gets it in cash. He's got backpacks and he puts 50 K of each backpack. And then he goes at night. He's living like a sleeveless shirt and like some stupid like jean shorts that are real short.  It's like that on steroids.  I can build companies, I can invest capital and start to trust yourself really. There's gonna be two answers to that because they happen in two different ways. The point about my temper and being frustrated and that was not bad for a point. There was a moment, this is when I knew it got really bad. I ran out of boards. So typically like your sponsor sends you like, I don't know, 10 skateboards a month. And I ran out of them.  storm so heated, right? And Blake, whose Grant's brother who connected us, you know, he gets in the car and he's silent, I'm pissed off. And he looks at me and goes, a little upset there, huh, buddy? Like, Blake, you have no idea. And he was like, kind of the first one. I was like, dude, you know, I think you got me need to check yourself. And then it was like, not long after that, I had a night basically where I was at one of my sponsors Christmas parties. And I was walking back to the  I have to change, like if I don't change, I'm gonna be miserable forever. And so that night became the beginning of transformation with myself, of just working on being more positive, working on being thankful. And that was a slow process. Then to answer the other question about how did I get confidence to be able to do companies or invest, that all came from skateboarding. That was like with skateboarding,  I just be willing to put in the time. And so I would say both experiences came from skateboarding. Yeah, that's an awesome answer. And one of the things you said that was interesting was this idea of like, I'm not supposed to be this way, right? Or this is not who I'm supposed to be. It's almost like it feels like you have like a self evaluation, but from outside of your body. And and there's other people who have talked about, you know, Jeff Bezos is famous for saying, when I go to make a decision, I basically go to me at 80 and I look back and I say, which decision should I have made? Right.  And it's the first time I've experienced something like that. And so I think it was just seeing this idea that like I was created to be something. I was created for this purpose and I wasn't living up to that purpose. And it was like, I guess you could use the basis example. It's almost like I got this vision of what I was going to be at 60 if I stayed on this path. And then I got this vision of what I was supposed to be. And I was not heading in the direction of where I was supposed to be. You know, and it scared me. It was,  in something that feels bad. Something that happens that I'm angry about, I'm gonna find one positivity in it. And it became a game in the beginning. And like, you know, look, you don't change overnight. This is, I mean, truthfully, from that point of me deciding that, that was pretty much 2007-ish. I'm still working on it today. So remember, there's gonna be grace through this, but my first thing was just, I need to start finding the positive bad situations. And so when something would happen that I'd be pissed about, I would stop and go,  bad would happen and initially pissed off, initially fired up, right? And then I'd have to like fight for the good in it. Then after I started working on it, bad things would happen and I wouldn't even have that original like anger feeling. It was like, okay, that didn't work out like I wanted it to. What's good out of this? What could I learn out of it? And then it just became normal. So I would say that's where it started. And then from there, I spent a lot of time working on  kind of the investing side, like where does that come from? So when my career ended, and again, like I was, I just had surgery, right? And for anyone who has had surgery before, that's an athlete, it's a mental battle. It's like being in war and gear. You know what? I take that back. Basically what the whole world is dealing with right now, because of COVID, that's what surgery feels like. It's like your mind is slipping away and you're trying as hard as you can to bring your mind back to where it's supposed to be. That's what,  I had this idea that if I started the company, the company and me being the business owner of the company was going to be my identity and my purpose. And I was failing miserably. Every idea I had was not the right idea. And in that process, I had a, uh, one of my friends, another pro skateboarder call me and kind of just check in on me, dude, I haven't seen you in months. Like what's your deal? And I was just like really kind of beat down and open with them and just told them like, dude, I'm struggling. Like, I don't know who I am. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. Like,  couch and just had this moment of like, you know, like looking back in my life and going, why am I in this position? Like, why am I one of three? And why was my friend, like, so impressed that I was able to achieve that, but the majority of us can't. And it all went back to Randy, who I met when I was younger that helped me structure my finance that helped me and Josh and Paul start St. Archer. And so my idea was,  and manage my money. And then he taught me about investing. And then he had opportunities for me to invest with him, which were in real estate. And so I basically tried to replicate that model. I created a company that is a real estate fund. So that's the opportunity. And then all of our content is geared around educating the way he educated me. So it was all this give back from what he did in my life when I was 20, 21 years old. Yeah, it's so cool too to see, I think, athletes across all sports.  100% that goes beyond athletes. That's most people most people that have advisors don't pay attention to any of their money ever They just this isn't my thing. There you go And we shouldn't do that even if even if money isn't our strong point We still need to be educated on what our money is doing because we work so hard for it How are we gonna spend our entire lives building up money and then not knowing where it's going? It's We just can't do that anymore, you know, yeah and why focus on real estate? What was that? Just something that you felt like you knew and had an advantage for it or  of my capital to use. And I don't know if it was it being a tangible asset. My dad had rental properties growing up. I don't know if I just had a liking towards real estate because of what I saw, but I always felt more comfortable with it. It never felt like the stock market, for example, right? The stock market, like I could never wrap my head around why it was doing the things it was doing. But real estate felt like I could. It didn't have these crazy swings. So I felt good with that. With startups and with  It was how can I create an opportunity for them that is actually going to give them cashflow and appreciation and something they could live off of. And I felt like out of all of the investments, real estate was the thing that I felt the most comfortable with. And so now that I'm going out raising money, I wanted to do the same thing that I was, I wanted to put my mouth where my money was and my money was in real estate. And so that's really why I focused on real estate. Yeah. It makes a ton of sense. And what was like the initial reaction to that?  asking if I was okay, right? His name was Sean. We went and basically were a part of this rebuild for the shoe company called Ettie's. And it was me, all of our friends. I was like the skater that all of them looked up to and went, okay, you helped them build this thing. We're just going to skate. So I already created this relationship where they were like, you understand what's going on. You're interested in it. We trust you that you can kind of speak for us. And then with St. Archer, a lot of my friends were involved in that. And so the next thing it was like, dude,  Like I actually should be paying attention to this. Maybe I should be participating. I think because I had, like I had such a big transition. Like we talked in the beginning about reinventing yourself. I had such a big reinvention, right? That in the beginning, I think a lot of people just go the hell's he talking about and is this going to fade? Right. And I think athletes, because like we're, we had one thing as our identity and then that goes away. A lot of times we grabbed really quickly onto the next thing.  And then after a while, it's like, we're here, man. How do we do this? How do we get started? And so, dude, it just took, it took time. It's still taking time. There's still a lot of skaters that do not approve what I'm doing, for sure. But there's a group that's like starting to like be pretty encouraging now. Yeah. And do you see kind of non-skaters, kind of more of the traditional investors wanting to be in and around and associated with the skaters and the skaters also like,  business owners, like advisors, like it's a, it's like traditional and you know, my kind of past life combined. And I think you have two sides of it, right? Like on the more traditional and like, dude, we have investors that are a little older now too, right? It's like, yeah, they want to like be in this like cool hip like Skeeter thing, but like they don't want to put their dollars at risk either, right? They're not just going to hand me, you know, 300 grand and go, I'm just going to give you this because I want to be cool. Right? So.  Like you weren't lying. What else do I need to know about this? Yeah. Do you ever bring the whole group together? Like is there like Christmas parties where you've got the skaters and like the lawyers hanging out together? So we do like I have we haven't got the whole group together yet. We do like we do do like like for our content, for example, we build these videos.