 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a very special guest today. Anna is going to walk us through why we all don't know how to learn and what we can do about it. So thanks so much for doing this. Of course. Thank you for having me. That's a good way to put it. Like what we're learning, what we're not. Absolutely. All right. Let's just start with your background. You spent a long time teaching. You went to a bunch of different schools.  as a kid and by the time I was 15 I had been to 10 different schools because I also went to different schools in the different countries that I went to and I guess that a lot of my ideas about education and all my questions come from my experience having attended 10 different schools and how you know I didn't really see that many differences in all the different schools that I went to even though they were all you know once some were non-denominational some were really religious some were more traditional  And so when you started teaching, what grade were you teaching and kind of what does that look like from the teacher seat? Most people listening have never been a teacher. They've just been in the student aspect of that relationship. But what does that look like? Right. So I when I decided to study education, I went to NYU and I did childhood education and special education as my undergraduate. And one of the things that I think is really valuable about teacher training is that they make you student teach a certain amount of hours. I can't remember right now, but it was a lot like for two years.  private school in Boston and I taught first in third grade in that school and then I moved to Panama and I started working and that's where I worked for four years at a big American school and I taught third and fourth grade so really my age group the one that I enjoy working with the most are like nine and ten year olds and I like that age because they're not too young so they you know they're kind of like and but they're still not too cool for school so it was like the perfect age and I enjoyed it a lot. Okay so this is a weird question  because they're not seeing the benefits of learning. And that's one of the big issues here, that in schools, learning has been kind of like removed from students and it's something like imparted by a teacher and something that happens inside this structure. So I think it's really interesting that to me, learning is really what happens outside of school. And it's super important because that's when you start to see kids' interests and what kind of things they're inclined to and what are the kinds  wanting to come back and then going through tangents and creating things that you wouldn't have even thought that an eight-year-old could do or a nine-year-old could do, right? And that to me is really learning and once they keep coming back for more, then that's when it's really important. Like that's when things are going well. So the reason why I wanted to record this episode is Paul Graham recently wrote an essay all about like learning to unlearn. He basically highlighted saying, hey, every single person that I talked to pretty much learned how to learn  like compulsive schooling was something that was created 120 years ago and for a very different purpose and a very different time. So back then it was important to train kids to become assembly line workers for, you know, it was the Industrial Revolution. So they had to work at factories. We also had to train kids to be in the military. So kids had to learn a specific set of things and they had to learn how to follow instructions for the jobs that they were going to have back then. The problem, so it worked back then. The problem is that the year started to  We need entrepreneurs. We need kids that are willing to carve their own paths and figure things out without instructions. Yet in school, we're still training them to be assembly line workers, you know, to operate under instructions. Like kids barely know what to do if a teacher doesn't tell them like, this is what you need to do now. We are still having kids, you know, comply to rules and be obedient. And the whole nature of a school right now is just goes against everything we know about how kids are  And so, I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I think that's a really important thing. I  teaching them for a future that doesn't exist yet. So instead of focusing on teaching from a curriculum that may or may not be relevant, we should be teaching them how to learn on their own and how to figure things out and how to create things, right? Cause that's probably what they're going to end up doing. So I think it's Neil deGrasse Tyson who he's got this story that he tells and I'm getting the second hand from Plina. So forgive me if I mess it up, but basically he tells the story  But then there's also the parent being like, I don't want to clean it up. I don't want to deal with this and whatever. And so it feels almost like, to your point, there's this element of conditioning kids to not be kids to some degree. And so my question to you then is like, why was the system structured that way in the beginning? So it hasn't changed, but when this system was originally built, why was it so lecture based and built the way it was? Is it a control thing? Is it just like they didn't know any better? What do you think there? Yeah.  kids are they getting trouble if they question something, you know, if and even if they do it in a respectful way, like teachers still have this, not all, but many teachers still have this notion that they are the authority and anyone who challenges authority, like it's wrong. And I'm like, I did it very differently in my class. I was always like, you guys question everything. If something doesn't make sense, like respectfully, you can raise your hand and say, you know what, I don't agree with that. Or I don't, you know, I want to dig more into this.  you know, like you're describing. The other thing is it seems like all of a sudden there's been this explosion, especially in the United States of ADHD prescriptions and kind of like, we're also gonna just drug the kids into behaving to some degree. And you know, pretty much if you talk to anyone over the age of like 35, they'd be like, we all had ADHD. Like by today's standard, like we all had ADHD, but we didn't get drugged. And so maybe like, what did you see in the classroom? And kind of what do you see now with, which is that aspect of trying to control kids?  I would have had like 10 kids in medication for ADHD and to be perfectly on it, yes, they were extremely active, but in my mind, that is normal. I don't know if it's because I was like that and I got prescribed Ritalin the entire thing, because I couldn't stop talking, I couldn't stop moving. To me, that is normal. And if you walked into my class, something like interesting was that you would have kids, I don't know who I was talking about this, to this, but you would have kids like reading, standing up, and it's because they would ask me,  So messed up. It's so messed up that that when you walk into a classroom, you're like, oh what such a well-behaved room All the kids are sitting down like this to me. I'm like, oh my gosh poor kids There's very little learning going on in here, you know Yeah, and so I guess like when you're a kid, right when you're 9 10 years old like you can yell and scream and complain whatever but like if your parents say take the medicine you take the medicine if your teacher says sit down and shut up and listen like You pretty much do it. You may fight it You may be good at fighting it but ultimately used to come to the authority because  up the pain and they just do what they have to do? Or is it literally that we're conditioned since we're so young that that is the path and that is the only path? I really think that it's that we've been conditioned to believe that. And I'm glad you bring that up because I can give you examples of how I saw the complete opposite in my room. So one of the things I really believe and I talk about a lot is that you cannot enforce learning. Like you can, it doesn't matter how far you try, you cannot force somebody to learn.  especially when it comes to like learning. So one thing that worked really well for me is that I've never used rewards in my classroom or like a behavior chart. And this is really common for teachers. And I don't blame them. I mean, once when you're in a room for seven hours a day with 24 kids, different personality, I mean, it's chaos. Like it really is chaos. And then you have the set of parents of each kid, which is even more chaos, right? So I don't blame teachers for thinking, oh, I'm going to go and have the behavior chart and, you know, pump every time you misbehave. That's one point in this and that.  to. And we established a culture where kids didn't feel like I had the control over the classroom and the rules. And because of that, I had very, very little behavior issues in my room. And every time the principal would walk by or teachers would walk by, they're like, what do you give these kids? I'm like, I give them choice and I trust them. And we've established, you know, a relationship where I'm not like the authoritative figure. I'm like, I don't want to say a friend because I wasn't a friend, but, you know, I was someone that I was approachable and they saw that my intentions were for them  and be like, hey, here's the deal. We don't have behavior issues in here because I trust you, you trust me, like, we're just gonna work together and you're gonna walk out of here learning things. I'm gonna learn things from you, like, we're cool. And it was almost like this mutual respect to some degree. And that, I think people kind of get used to that maybe when they get older into college and stuff, but it sounds like you were able to take some of those same mechanisms and bring it all the way down to kids as young as nine, 10 years old, and it had the same impact. Yeah, and then just being really honest with them.  And this kid's like Miss Fab like I I've never been to the US I don't know when I'm gonna be I live in Panama like I I don't want to learn the states I want to learn the provinces of Panama wouldn't that be more relevant and I'm like you're totally right like you're totally right like why am I gonna force you to learn the states in the US you're right, you know, so it's when they see that you have this approach and you know another answer could have been like no because you have to and I'm the teacher and you know what you don't get to question this like this is what you're learning you can expect that they're not gonna learn at all so and  between now and Friday, but on Saturday, you don't have to remember anything. Like you pass the test, you're good, move on. And it almost feels like we kind of wasted between now and Friday memorizing something that you literally will never use or retain that information. So maybe talk a little bit about this like toxic school culture and kind of how you see those issues today. Yeah, so I find it, there's like a lot to unpack here, but I find it really interesting that when people, cause it's, I mean, at this point, everyone knows that to a certain extent,  The problem is not lack of rigor. The problem is that kids don't care and they don't have to because of the way that we're doing things, right? And if a kid doesn't care, it doesn't matter how many standards and how many tests and how much you try to drill information, they're not going to learn. So since, you know, you know, that was the approach and since the no child left behind policy was put in place, like we've had this obsession with like metrics and measuring learning and standards and high stake testing. And to me, that has made everything absolute.  kids don't recall a thing. So it's like we just wasted all this time like prepping for a test and and you know getting kids telling kids quote unquote this is a high stake test like this is really important like your you know school experience depends on this kids how are they going to perform well with all this pressure right and I've realized many things through this one that the greats don't really tell us much like you can have kids that do really well in a test because they figured out the way to  all this, like when you remove all that testing and all that, you know, like standards and all this, then that's when you have more opportunity to start to see learning happening. Right. And there's, I have a story with this. Um, so my first two years I did exactly, you know, what I had to do, right? I would teach from the curriculum. I would deviate often to be honest. Like I was never that teacher that taught everything from the curriculum, but the kids were happy. The kids were learning. Parents were really happy. So it was working. But then by the third year, I was like, I'm done.  end of the year for the big test, right? So in my school, we did something called the MAP test. And it's a standardized test that kids do in math, reading, and writing. So they take it at the beginning of the year and they score a percentage. And then the program gives you like a projected growth that the kid needs to meet by the end of the year. What's interesting is that the teacher's evaluations are tied to student performance. So if your class doesn't perform well or the percentage of kids just don't meet that targeted growth, then you can get fired. It's your job, right? Your job is in the line.  And the principal was like, well, she, cause kids from kindergarten all the way to 12th grade take this test. And she was like, Anna, your, your class or the highest in your third grade class in reading and in math. So in two of the three categories out of the entire school. And I'm like, wait, what do you mean? She's like, well, your kids, most of your kids, like 90% of your kids either met or exceeded their targeted growth. So, you know, please tell me how, how did you do this test prep? And I'm like, do you want to know the truth?  So that's just an example of that. It almost feels like there's a lot of studies now at this point about like kids who are more well-rounded, whether it's in sports and school, whatever, rather than say to a kid like, Hey, you're going to be a doctor at age two, right? And like every single thing you do in your academic career is geared towards you being a doctor. Like they actually end up not performing as well as doctors than the kid who most of their career learned all of these different skills, right? Was interested in a bunch of different things, kind of explored it all, ends up being the doctor with  which is what was really interesting, but then it goes with what I believe, right? Like that was the perfect example. Like I wasn't teaching this hardcore skills. We were doing projects, we were going outside, we were exploring the things that they were telling you that they were interested in. And the skills just kind of like come along, which is really interesting, right? Like there's, like you don't need to explicitly teach many of the things that we do in school, right? So here's what I've noticed. When a kid is interested in something and the kid wants to learn about something, they will figure it out, especially now with computer  to intervene and tell them exactly what to do and how to do it. One of my favorite videos on the internet is a, I think it's a mom and she's sitting in her kitchen and she's like recording her, what looks like maybe five, six year old son around the corner. He's at the dinner table and he's doing his homework and all of a sudden he says, Alexa, two plus two. And Alexa says back four, right? And of course everyone on the internet's like, you can't do that, right? You get everyone freaking out. And I'm like, that's the smartest kid in the class.  this  for how kids can learn.  like sent out a tweet storm with David of Y Combinator and how, you know, I just find it fascinating that model, because that's how kind of like how I envision kids, you know, a school nowadays, right? If you want to call it a school, but a place where, you know, kids go and they're put into teams, depending on what they're interested in, they have this idea as they balance of ideas and they just start building things. And then every two weeks they have check on points and they get feedback and then, you know, they see what works, they test it and then they build again. And, and, you know, they need more opportunities to do  that they're interested in, a real problem. And I feel like I've seen how through that process, they're learning so many things. They're learning how to do research, how to talk about their ideas, how to incorporate feedback and change things. And to me, that is the kind of learning that is gonna be more valuable for kids in the future, right? Forget about what's going on in school. We've already talked about how that's like, we're not preparing kids for the future. But if we open more centers or creative studios or like I'm doing online spaces  that's kind of what I'm envisioning that kids need more nowadays and hopefully more people start doing things like this. So one of the things I've always been fascinated by is I think a disproportionate amount of CEOs and founders of very large tech companies as kids went to monastery schools. And I am definitely not an expert on these monastery schools, but my understanding is that it's very much less rigid. It's more kind of this group project based type learning. It's a little bit  of I was taking that type of more free flowing, less rigid structure, but focusing it specifically on like creation, right? Like how do you build? How do you build? Is that a fair kind of assessment? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So, so I'm a big fan of Montessori schools and of, you know, there are other kinds of approaches that are similar that are very student centered and that the kid is doing most of the learning like Roger Amelia, you have Waldorf. So there are, I'm a big fan. And that's actually where I'm pulling, you know, many of my ideas from because it's around this idea that  I obviously don't have an answer for that. But one of the things that I was thinking is well, I Really believe that you know more and more people are gonna have access to an internet connection in the future, right? Like it's just becoming more and more common even in remote areas and of course this is not to say everyone but I feel like I'm really interested in exploring the online space because I have a feeling that we can recreate this Montessori approached learning experiences in the online space and have access to more kids, right?  front of this computer and zoom all day. Like they're just not going to do it. They already have a hard time sitting in class, let alone on my couch where there's a TV and you know, also there's stuff going on. Then the second thing is, uh, it also feels like part of the value for young kids going to elementary school is like the interaction with the teacher, right? The teacher can be very kind of hands on with the kids, et cetera. So the little, it feels like that gets lost online. So how do you just think about like online education and children? Yeah. So there's a, there's an important  When you structure a course that you want to teach online, you do it with the frame of mind. You keep in mind your virtual audience. And you're not trying to recreate traditional schools in the online space. That's what we are seeing because of COVID. And that's what I call remote learning. But when online learning is done right, you design the entire course and the entire experience with the virtual audience in mind. And you use the technologies and you do this and you structure it very differently.  Like most of my best friends are all teachers and I still keep in touch with them all the ones that worked at my previous school and It's just crazy to read that chat because the poor, you know teachers are like trying to manage six hours a day of back-to-back online classes Obviously by the third hour you get a group of kids that are up to zoomed out Like they don't want they don't want to pay attention. They're like first second graders like what like that makes no sense, right? So the whole point of online learning is to concise the time  open my eyes to what a real good online course is. Well, David Perrell, who I know you know, he started this online course called Write a Passage. And I also work with Tiago Forte, who has this thing called Fortlapse, and he teaches building a second brain, which is a productivity class, but also with this like approach to online education. And I think that it works really well because none of them were educators before. And so they did not have this preconceived notions of what a lesson should look like and how to structure this  with this idea that I don't feel like, like, like there's no way to fix schools. Like I really don't think, I think that we just have to like rethink the whole thing with, you know, what, what are our priorities right now? What do kids need to know nowadays? What are the kinds of jobs that kids are going to have in the future? What technologies do we have available that we can use? And then using all that come up with a new way to teach and learn. And that can be done online, but it's not what we're seeing right now. What we're seeing right now is outrageous, which is what you're saying, like having kids  course was going to be structured when I decided to enroll. Like I just thought I was going to learn how to write for modern times. I had all this ideas about education that I wanted to put out there and I was like, sure, I want to take this. I was expecting a as, asynchronous, I think that's how you pronounce it kind of course where, you know, they just upload different videos. You have to go through the modules and there's like a forum and this and that, like that's what I was expecting. And then I was like, after the first session, I was like, whoa, I need to think of a way to bring this to kids. And that's exactly what I emailed David that day. I was like,  I tried to replicate with our summer camp. That's what we called it. We started with a pilot just because we're testing all these ideas to see how it would work with kids. And I have for a week a group of kids that were nine through 11 and they would join this virtual space. And I kind of try to emulate that same structure that they were using. And it worked beautifully. Like it was insane how the kids were totally engaged. At first they were a little skeptical that I wasn't telling them what to do. But by the second day they were doing, you know, they were all engaged.  People are engaged because they're adults with kids. I am not so sure I had 12 kids in my Pilot right and I'm just still trying to figure out because I I do feel like they need that one-on-one and and that personalized attention So I'm still trying to figure out that component, but it works like that method. I saw that it works How can adults? Like capitalize on this right meaning that there's a lot of people that are listening who say hey This is all right for my kid, but like I'm still interested in learning myself. How can they continue to learn?  which was painful for kids and for me as I was following the curriculum. When I entered this class, it was like a completely different approach, like completely different. Rubbing what they taught you in school, do the opposite. So, and it helped me and hey, I am publishing, I am writing, I started voicing my thoughts and it opened my eyes to this idea of being a citizen of the internet and having access to all these people and this idea. So my best advice is for,  because I just keep finding things as I am writing and posting and reading. So I think the best way is to use the internet and leverage the internet right now and find those communities of online people that are forming that I didn't really believe in before, but now I really do, because I've seen how they work. So one of the things you mentioned is like you took the course where there was kind of the exchange of information and now you're putting it into practice, right? You're creating, you're writing, you're doing all this kind of stuff. And it feels like that's a common thread, whether it's a nine year old kid,  Oh, oh, yeah, absolutely. So so that's a big thing because now with all this You know information accessible Anyone you can you can you can actually fall into the rabbit hole just consume consume consume But a big part of it is producing things and there's so many ways to be a producer nowadays You know, like you can do videos you can do podcasts. You can be a designer you can write about it So what I've been trying to incentivize the kids that I'm working with is well What do you like to do? Like are you really passionate about taking photos like a photographer?  and encouraging the kids to do the same thing until you find what's the best way that works for you to share all the things that you're consuming. I have to imagine that kids, especially when you ask them, what do you like to do? There's some form of social media that is the answer. And then when you ask them, what do you want to be when you grow up? I'm assuming that maybe not nine and 10, a little bit older, you start to get the like, I want to be an Instagram influencer or TikTok star or whatever. How do you kind of still help  that, you know, for example, my husband, he's, we're very different and he's like, well, what do you, when we talk about, you know, when we have kids, are we going to raise their kids and this and that? I'm always like, whatever they tell us that they're interested in, we're going to drop everything we're doing. And we're just going to say, yes, you want to learn about that? Let's go ahead and nurture that because here's what I've noticed. Like if a kid is really interested in something, let's say becoming a YouTube star or becoming something, and you encourage that, obviously we're talking about things that are good for them, right? But if they say that they're interested in something,  learning eighth grade. It's like, wait, what? No, if the kid is telling you that they want to learn about something and they want to do something, you need to take advantage of that because that really happens. So whatever they say that they want to pursue, you help them and then you you're there as a guide to show them what's the best way to do it and make sure that they are doing something productive. But you go for that. Like I am a firm believer that it doesn't matter if you want to create Lego blocks or be a scientist or whatever it is, take photographs, whatever it is that you want to do.  the computer. Here's how you actually go and do research and all that kind of stuff. And the what is almost less important than how? Is that fair? You absolutely nailed it. That's exactly right. And the problem is that, you know, many, many parents are scared to, to, to kind of like, they don't really know how to manage this whole, like kids using the technology and wanting to do research. But the thing is like, I'm like, the parents have way more experience with the kids. So instead of being like the enemy or prohibiting them from doing, they're going to  wrote an article about global warming, you want to add it to the Wikipedia page that talks about global warming, let's go ahead and do it. If they put it down, let's see why they put it down. Like that's a learning opportunity. You know, so it's, you know, and kids are encouraged, they're motivated because they're like, I can contribute to the body of knowledge that's out there that anyone can read. Like what's more motivating than that? So instead of saying no and like help them with their curiosities, help them do the, you know, teach them how to do the research. And because we want, they do need help in order to do things well, right?  space is just for interactions to share what you've created, to socialize and get feedback, right? So to me, that's the main purpose. So Zoom works really well, like this video conferencing. I feel like a lot of the rest of the learning gets done outside, you know, of the interactions here. But I haven't explored that many softwares. The things that I, if I had kids right now, I would get them a Mac and I would be like, okay, this comes with iMovie. Go ahead and explore this week. Explore iMovie. You know, you get to make trailers, you get to make movies.  that you have accessible to create. The whole point is just to be making things and putting them out there. What do you think are the risks of kind of changing the way that kids are learning? We've talked about a lot of the positives in you and I think are pretty convinced that like this is a good direction to head in. But what are the risks or the downsides to pursuing this type of education? You mean like the alternatives, right? So I'm not going to have a lot to say here because every time I think of something negative, I'll do my research and I'm like, ha, I found a way to figure this out. So that's not a problem anymore.  right? The kid is used to learning in their own way unstructured, like, you know, follow their interests and suddenly like they transition to a place where they're telling you what to do. They're telling you what to learn. They're telling you how to learn that and how to show that you learned that. Obviously you will see like a little bump there and some parents get discouraged and they see that as oh Montessori schools did not prepare my kids well. And no, it's just that you're putting them back into a structure that is really challenging to learn in. So I mean, that's one of the things that I see. Like,  you've heard of that term, like the unschoolers. So yeah, you have like word schooling and homeschooling and unschoolers. So unschooling is basically like you don't have a curriculum and you're homeschooled, but it's just what the kid decides, right? So it's very like the extreme, the other extreme, but even unschoolers can get into college if they want to. So those are the two things that I see how those could be like little bumps. And then also if a kid is home and doesn't have the support of a parent to be kind of like  And kind of this idea of like, hey, the teacher is actually the one taking care of them for some period of time. And I guess the other piece of it too then is like, if you think of it from like a socioeconomic status standpoint, right? People who were service jobs that kind of lower socioeconomic status are the ones that are more likely to need the childcare that school provides because both parents are working, both parents are going to a job and stuff like that.