 What's your favorite part of the company?  team. It was pretty exciting. Like we thought we were going to be a pretty influential part of the IBM cloud ecosystem. And it's been about a year and a half trying to integrate that product as a, as a distinguished engineer into the broader landscape and quickly sort of realized I was pushing a boulder up a hill every day and having it roll back down on me every night. So at that point, wanting to do something and stuff like IBM, like I have a lot of respect for IBM as a company. They've been around for an incredibly long time. They survived all kinds of technological  So I've watched over their shoulders over the last couple years as they built their businesses in this space and was fascinated. It takes a lot of intellectual bandwidth to actually dive in and understand what's happening here and didn't really have that until 17. So spent a number of months there and was instantly hooked. Yeah. And so as you're starting to do that research, just like where do you start? I think a lot of people didn't know anything about whether it's Bitcoin, crypto, blockchain, whatever kind of part of it.  much in this space. So obviously started with Bitcoin, trying to understand what the sort of the fundamental technology discovery was there that made Bitcoin and the blockchain underneath it sort of a distinct and unique technology. And then from there sort of branched out into the broader ecosystem. 2017 was such a just absurd year in terms of number of projects, number of ICOs,  That didn't seem like a super interesting or compelling initiative to me. What I wanted to do was build goodwill in the startup community for IBM and then in turn sort of have that benefits, benefit IBM down the road. And I thought IBM was in a unique position because they have all of the customers that these startups want, they're already IBM customers. And so, but these startups don't have time to go out and vet, excuse me, the enterprise customers don't have time to go out and vet startups. So we thought that was a good idea.  So we never actually got to launch it, but it was fine. Either way, we got to do the research, which was phenomenal. For sure. And so eventually you decide you're going to go and launch a fund. What was that thought process and kind of what was the impetus for going on the fun side rather than building another company? Yeah, it's a good question. So Q3 of 17, IBM comes back and says there's no money to launch this accelerator. They offered me a role working on high-tech  a number of those folks about taking a product manager role, but they could barely, I mean, they were, they could barely get the platforms online, let alone hire or do interviews. Like it was so wild to think back at how fast everything was moving. And so started to look at the space and inform some conclusions around applicability of algorithmic trading, which I thought was a unique way to approach this space in particular. So this was from all the research I would had completed over the summer,  exists on chains, all the movements of capital within the ecosystem, that's all public. But you also have all of the trading data. So if I want to go to the NASDAQ and say, I would like a copy of every trade that occurs on NASDAQ, I will pay out the nose to get access to that data. And there's sort of a walled garden as a function of that. It's really hard to participate in that ecosystem. But in crypto, every exchange streams all of their data for free. So every time somebody buys or sells that match is  at the end of Q4 to see if I could come up with a set of software that would do exactly that. And by the end of the year, I think it was actually three days after Bitcoin's all-time high in December, had something I felt like was working and reached out to Sadie Raney, my co-founder, and said, I've got this interesting idea. I think we should go build a company around this. And so we did. We launched Strixlilithin in January of 18. And the interesting thing here was really kind of looking at the broader landscape  Like there were sort of piecemeal tools here or there, but none of it was there in a kind of end-to-end complete way. And so that felt like the first big hurdle. We had to go build all of that to effectively operate. And so in March, we raised some equity capital from outside investors to build that software platform and spent much of 2018 kind of getting the groundwork built.  Everything trades 24 by 7. The owl to us represented something that's always watching, always listening, keeping an eye on what's happening in the market. Then an octopus is obviously a multi-technical, big-brained, incredibly intelligent creature. We wanted to bring the symbolism of always paying attention and being able to multitask and respond with intelligence to the market. Do so in a way that causes people to ask a question.  same reasons that other people believe Bitcoin are valuable. And we see that with models like stock to flow or the having analysis that exists. Like everybody has their own opinion. So in our eyes, that lends itself to really being able to trade these markets in a systematic way. So we take all of the data we get off of all these exchanges, we run it through a whole different set of filters and algorithms, and we look for patterns and trends. And we move the funds.  And then we saw a massive rally off the bottom. And so kind of talk us through how this type of strategy interacts with those different environments and kind of the evolution through a trading year. Yeah, I love to boat, but I there's a saying in boating where it's like hours of boredom followed by moments of sheer terror. And that's absolutely what trading crypto is like. So I think a lot of a lot of the work we've done and I think a lot of the challenge that people face is that they look at this  And we've designed a set of technology that allows us to say, in a given day, we expect this many periods of evaluation to occur. But in a period like March 12th, where you saw that 50% drop, we may target 12 candles in a day, but a day like March 12th, we may have printed 80 candles based on the amount of volume and capital that changed hands. So our objective is how do we elongate those periods of chaos and be able to make decisions based on what's happening there?  But our belief is that over the long term, our ability to kind of play those very big movements and benefit from those very big movements outweighs and allows us to outperform in a broader sense the rest of the market. Got it. And I guess part of this too is you guys are obviously able to capture a lot of data and do that analysis, but then you've got to actually execute the trades and do so, I'm assuming, in a pretty accurate, high frequency way if you so need that. Maybe talk a little bit about  So that wasn't going to work for us. So in 2018, we pivoted from trading on exchange to pivoting via what they call OTC. So these are other companies that effectively aggregate liquidity across multiple exchanges for you, and they'll provide you a fixed price and you can trade that way. So that, those OTC providers in 2018, everything was done over Skype. Like that was the formal way to do it. You got a Skype chat room and you said,  started to see a number of these providers begin to have APIs. So that meant that we could electronically connect our system into their system and get quotes without having to interact with people in chat. But we only, there was only one or two and it's sort of in our business, you never really want to have one or two counterparties. You want to have a diverse set of people you can trade with. So we thought about, hey, maybe we'll build a chat bot that'll let go and talk to these people and like do the trading over Skype through a chat bot. That just didn't felt clunky.  is. And it also tells us a lot about what's happening in the market, how those prices are relative to what the spot price is in the market at any given time. But the interesting thing, so that's the spot side, it's like being able to buy and sell coin. The lending side is still done all over, it's now moved to Telegram. But if we want to borrow something, we're back into Telegram. We need to borrow a million dollars at the Bitcoin and negotiating these rates and everything through chat. And so it's a funny state of affair.  and a true crypto prime brokerage that aren't there today but would have a significant impact or create an inflection point for you guys in the way that you would want to trade. Yeah. So a lot of this also has to do with the fact that we are a US company, right? So many people, when they want to go long or short, they'll go on some of these international exchanges that are unregulated in the US. So call it like the Bitmax or FTXs of the world. And they'll trade there. We're a US onshore entity, investment  that you need to do to short the market all within one platform and provide all of that with APIs so that it can be done electronically. And it's missing. I think a lot of that has to do with the regulatory work that's required to serve US customers. I think it's just that there's too much regulation today in the US that makes it cumbersome for those companies to go through the effort, not knowing if they're actually gonna materially see business show up.  It's just everyone's looking around the room like, hey, who's going to build it? And some of that is time, right? And some of it is the large companies will eventually add some of that. You see Coinbase kind of acquire to go me and kind of full disclosure, we were an investor there. But then you also see a lot of kind of building in-house of large companies, especially the international ones you mentioned. But do you think that the funds in the space can ultimately get their heads around trusting new startups or kind of challengers in the space?  anybody that's actively trading in this space, they're going to go to where the liquidity resides. And so the startups that exist, and we've seen this, like exchanges in 2019, that was the hottest thing. And there are new exchanges all the time. They all had different features and functions that they felt were going to really differentiate themselves, but none of them had liquidity. Liquidity begets liquidity. People go where they can trade. And so that's a big challenge. I think part of me has been wondering about this for the last couple of months. I'm more concerned about where the customers are.  And that's part of the problem. Like you look at this space, 2017, 2018, 2019, a lot of great teams raised a lot of money at very high valuations. And that forces sort of the next valuation, the next raise to be really high. And you got to have revenue to support that. And I don't know if the revenue is here yet for that many companies to be able to support the next round. So 2020, 2021 to me will be pretty fascinating. I think you're going to see sort of the creamier  the really good teams. And I think Tagomi is a great example, right? There's a good team, good product. You build, you bring that inside of somebody else that has the legs to support it and to help that grow. I think you'll see that type of acquisition play out. I mean, it really, it reminds me of the cloud computing space, what I was there with the last business, like the teams that raised too much money, they got bought and incorporated to companies like Red Hat and Cisco and sort of trying to help steer direction inside of those bigger companies.  play out in a material way. It's just a matter of when. At what point does this become such a critical need at each one of these institutions that they realize they're late? Yeah, it's absolutely fascinating. I guess part of this, I knew you've got a lot of thoughts around the power of narratives. One of the narratives that you're talking about here is in 2017, everyone's got their eye on the horizon, but the horizon is at a 45 degree angle or higher and everything's going up and it seems like  for crypto or the private markets. Narratives are really fascinating to me. And I think everybody always wants to have a story for why the price moved. And in an industry where there is sort of that lack of shared fundamental value, the price moves in our eyes because it's reflexive. It started to move and people kept buying it and away it went. And then after the fact, people come and they put the narrative on. And so like  the Middle East. We saw correlation with late last year in 2019, correlation with what they call the Z pump. So in China, sort of positive news in China producing pretty material movement in price. But this is all happening sort of after the fact. You're putting a narrative on a price movement that happened after it's happened. The interesting thing in my eyes is that because crypto, there are so many  Everybody's like, yes, I believe in this technology. The price is going to go up because the model says it's going to go up. And so it creates this really interesting challenge. And stock to flow is an interesting one because the actual, you look at the theoretical math underlying the model or the theory itself, it doesn't actually stand up to analysis, but it's exciting. And so people share it because it's exciting and it gets everybody fired up. It's getting people participating in the space.  And so, you know, I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good  that are sort of joke analysis, right? So you can look at divorce rates compared to purchases of margarine in Maine. And you can see that as purchases of margarine have increased, so have divorce rates. And so margarine must lead to divorce. Like there are unrelated variables and looking at them, you can obviously say that that's not accurate, but the statistics hold true and there's sort of high fit to the model. A lot of what we see with stock to flow sort of fits that reality.  is similar, that with a known emission schedule, sort of the flow, the new coins that are mined and minted onto the network with every block, that that now at this point is predictable and is small, and thus we can use that to drive value. And the reality is that gold, when you look at it both in real and in nominal terms, so if they should adjust it or not, the actual sort of stock to flow market  like at a very high level, when we develop a model, we have a theory. And if the theory is wrong, it doesn't matter what the rest of the model says, the theory that underpins it is incorrect. We're now back to this weird statistical anomaly with margarine and divorce. So that's kind of problem number one. And then when you sort of dive into the rest of the model, there's other issues around sort of projecting future price using a linear regression. We've done a big blog post about it and I could get you the link.  to get involved in this asset class for the wrong reasons. We don't want them to follow a model blindly that says Bitcoin's going to be worth $50,000 at the end of the year without understanding the risks that participating in this asset class has. And that's our problem with that piece, that it feels like a marketing piece designed to attract new capital into the space versus a true fundamental valuation model that has predictive power. So you mentioned earlier that you guys watch capital flows  of time doesn't work for during other periods of time. So our objective using this, this software platform that we call Octopus was to build what we call an algorithm factory. Like how do you go from that idea to testing to validation to production as quickly as possible? If you look at it, sort of Renaissance technology, like one of the best performing hedge funds in the history of the world, they don't have a single model that they use that the single signal that they use. They have thousands of  The other thing thing and this is kind of what blows my mind about this space like most fund managers and in crypto are managing their entire portfolio in a spreadsheet I I don't know how I don't know how they do it, right? There's so many little knobs and and variables you could turn and so you think about like a broader a broader fund You first you pick like what coins are we gonna trade how many signals per coin? What's the allocation that are we gonna have for each signal that fires? Like how do we how do we determine how much capital to put on?  are there customers there to actually pay for it? There's hundreds of funds in crypto. I think they'll call it 500 plus. Those that are established with meaningful AUM that technically have the ability to pay. Most of the funds in this space are in the $5 to $20 million range. $5 to $20 million on a fund, you're basically covering, you break even an operational cost. You're not going to go look to spend a bunch of money on software.  that that software could power. Things like prime brokerage, things like pool liquidity, and there's pieces of what we've built that are valuable in different ways. So we're sort of doing some work now thinking through that piece. But also, I mean, if that's our differentiation, we keep it to ourselves to some extent. It's one way to really be unique in this space. Yeah, I love that. One of the last themes I want to talk about is this idea of comparing crypto to front  to some extent, I think one of the challenges in frontier, multiple challenges exist in frontier markets. You have limited liquidity or unpredictable liquidity in these assets. You have a lot of fraud and theft. You have corruption, graft. There's all kinds of issues that exist there. And we see a lot of that in this space. I think that's one of the challenging things about crypto that turns a lot of people off initially is that there have been so many scams. There have been so  we be more transparent as an industry? How do we promote, how do we have less memes and we have more serious conversation? How do we grow up a little bit in a way that begins to attract a different type of investor? It's the same issue with frontier markets. How do you solve those liquidity problems? How do you sift through all of the corruption and graft and theft? Those parallels kind of map well. For us, for Primari's,  We need to identify those companies when we see them. We need to call out the obvious frauds and do more to promote this narrative that this is a serious industry that has lasting meaningful value and is different. That's a challenge. It's not an easy thing to do, particularly in a space where theft and risk of loss is so easy. Sure. What's the one thing that you've learned or your biggest takeaway since you left IBM and you've been  And for me, what was fascinating here, like the technology side, I understand learning. I'm learning a whole new world on the finance side. And that's part of the interesting piece. It's like keeping your brain engaged and learning something new. I think as an entrepreneur, that's the name of the game. You do this because you're a nonstop learner. But yeah, startups are hard and it's every day is a reminder that you can have the highest of highs, the lowest of lows,  of some of the other persons of our business. And it was a distraction, ultimately. And so that's the startup and in particularly in an early stage startup where you've got small teams, like focus is such a key element of what makes you survive, what makes you successful. And it's easy to forget that, particularly when things are moving as quickly as they do in this space. So at the end of the day, pick the things that you can be really good at and that you can be differentiated  has started a company, goes through this period of time where things are really hard and they feel so alone. Nobody ever really talks about how hard these things are. That book, I was having in the last company, I mean, the last company is a story of its own. We were near bankrupt two or three times in the history of the company, after we raised venture financing. I bootstrapped the thing for nine years. Then within the course of 24 months, we're near bankrupt twice.  and desire to survive like that was really important. I love that answer. What do you think will happen to the Bitcoin price? You mentioned that it's really hard to predict, but you ultimately think it will go up. Anything that you can share kind of in terms of the medium to long-term view that you guys hold? Yeah, I mean, we don't make price predictions. That's the beauty of this business. And why I wanted to take the emotion out of it from  this industry will experience. I think that the halving, which we've got sort of a sample size of two prior halvings to work from, and two prior halvings where the mining industry was so fundamentally different. We didn't have industrialized mining on the scale we do today during either of the prior halvings. I think at the end of the day, this is all an experiment.  Like crypto altcoins did in 2017 right now. There is no grounding in reality into what's happening in the traditional financial market and and so At some point that has to come back down to earth And capital is gonna get redistributed and I think because Bitcoin is this thing that sits outside the traditional finance realm I think it is well positioned to take some of that capital, but But who knows again? We're in this massive experiment. It's in our eyes sort of being able  I mean, like psychologically that just has to feel incredibly lonely. There has to be. Now the question is, why would they want to come here? It's a tire fire right now. They gotta be like, whoa, whoa, we don't want to have anything to do with that. But yeah, I think you have to believe that there's more out there. We don't even understand what's on the bottom of the ocean. We have so much more to explore of our own planet, let alone  was the retail era. We had this drum beat for a long time that institutional money was coming and that was gonna save the space. But you're out in the field, sort of preaching the gospel of this being a differentiated asset classic. Who do you see being sort of the next interested party and why? Yeah, I think that the cat's out of the bag in terms of what I'll call it the large asset managers. And I kind of look at it from two standpoints. One is there's people  there's volatility here and it's becoming, quote unquote, more legitimate. So they're kind of on their way, if you will. The big inflection point, though, I think comes from more of the institutional asset allocators. And so this is the pensions, the downwinds, the foundations, the kind of all of those types of organizations. And in that world, it's still a mix, right? You've got some people who are very convinced that, look, there's going to be something that happens here. There's just too many smart people going into the space and working on it.  I'm actually cool kind of being in the middle of the pack and then all the packs not show it up for another You know two to five years and so like I'm just gonna chill right I'll do my learning now and kind of let everyone else go through the door first and then I'll go and so I think that when you look at it like the people in that seat Any one of those four situations they control a lot of money, right? I mean they control literally trillions and trillions of dollars And so naturally you're gonna see this kind of flow of capital and on a macro basis coming to space but also  Would it have been a crypto business? Well, probably not because they didn't have crypto, right? You would have expected your FinTech venture capitalists to do it. But in the future, we actually may start to see companies that aren't so black and white, right? You actually get a company that you can have your FinTech VC investing in. You could also have, let's say, your crypto investor investing in it. And then you might also even maybe have like a credit manager who's participating in some form that's not equity based as well. And so I think that that's the conversation that's happening kind of behind closed doors  Yeah, it's interesting. I saw it was that there was a gigantic pension fund that was down 11% in Q1. And we start to think about those types of returns like that's not, and they'll probably have made it all back in Q2 based on how the markets have played out. They'll be up on the first half of the year. Right. But yes, beginning to think about like, okay, if the traditional markets have lost sort of all grounding, like maybe we can begin to look at other things as well. It's a fascinating question.  actually true quantitative trading and investing. And I think that more and more people will eventually realize that removing the emotion out of the markets and out of the decision making ends up being quite a time tested strategy, if you will. That's what we think. We'll see how it plays out. We'll do this again. Thanks so much for taking the time. Appreciate it, mate. Thank you.