 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Julie here. Thanks so much for doing this. Yeah, it's nice to see you again, even if it's virtually. For sure. So for those that don't know you, let's just start with your background and kind of what you did prior to getting to Bloomberg and then eventually leaving. Yeah, so I started at Bloomberg back in like 2015 and originally I was just a markets reporter so I covered  And we didn't have anyone at Bloomberg that was focused on just FinTech, which kind of like blew my mind in the sense that if you think about it, Bloomberg is one of like the original FinTech companies. So around Thanksgiving that year, I like wrote this big memo and sent it to the head of the newsroom like, hey, we don't have anyone covering this. You have a lot of people covering markets right now. And here's some stories that I've done on it in my free time and why I think our customers would care about it.  Because that was right when I started was around the crazy Bitcoin bubble. I think yeah, it was like was it December 2017 where Bitcoin hit its all time higher like started getting there and in November of that year so that Thanksgiving was the one where I had emailed so crypto was another reason they're like oh we actually probably should have someone covering this this is a good idea. And so it would all it was always kind of changing a little bit in terms of what companies I would focus on just because the space is so huge as you know so you kind of just  And it was like, I love journalism. I just was ready to try something new and kind of like I said, I was a finance major. So I don't know that I ever thought journalism was like the career I was going to retire in. And much like you and your fiance have kind of that entrepreneurial spirit and wanted to try my own thing too. So I left on March 3rd, March 4th. It was like the Tuesday of the first week of March. And I just kind of like, I had talked to a few VCs and stuff before and I knew they were looking for people to help them with  have to be so professional and buttoned up and everything. You just have fun with it. So each time I write that every week, it's just like me having a conversation about what's going on in FinTech, why it's important and what people are saying it means for the future. So you talked about like PPP, a bunch of other things. And then I'm also helping a venture firm right now as an analyst covering FinTech and health tech just because on the side, I teach fitness classes and have a personal training certification.  everyone's gonna give you a different answer for this too. Like real estate sometimes is FinTech sometimes and it isn't. And health tech is sometimes, FinTech sometimes isn't, because you have like health insurance aspect of it. So a lot of it is just kind of like figuring out like how much finance is actually involved in it, because there's pieces of real estate tech that is very finance, right? Like title insurance, I would think of as a very FinTech type thing. But, or like getting a mortgage, I think of as a  in itself, that part of me thinks of it like the separate sector of fintech. Same thing with like blockchain, I kind of put in that a little bit too, which some people get mad at me about some people won't get mad at me about. I mean, what else am I missing in there? Those are kind of like the big ones that I see don't focus on a lot. Because like I said, like Square, PayPal, trading and brokerages, I also thought of as fintech. But that's something it was very hard to figure out as someone as a journalist,  companies from Wall Street start to build things, right? Obviously Marcus and things like that. And so maybe I'll throw out a couple of companies and you can just walk us through like your understanding of what are they doing? How is it going and kind of where they fit in the ecosystem? We could start with Robin Hooks. That's one that I know you've covered extensively. And maybe just kind of talk about like what exactly are they doing and kind of how do you look at them in the FinTech industry? Yeah. So, I mean, they're obviously very well known and have done very well as starting  just given that like I have a Schwab account and I don't trade my trades on that either. They were just the first to do that and that was their first mover advantage in that space. But right now they still have a very good user interface and everything. I think the tough thing for them and it's across the board in terms of FinTech is cross selling into other products. Like I just when I think of Robinhood, I don't think of someone that's going to be my bank account even though they're trying to do that too. I don't think of someone that I'm going to go get a loan  maintain the growth that they've been seeing now that they don't have that advantage of being the only player in the game with no fee trading. Yeah. And it feels like Square has taken the opposite approach of starting with the bank and the payment technologies and then adding in kind of the brokerage services. So maybe talk a little bit about that and then we can compare the two and kind of which one's the more sustainable strategy. Yeah. So one thing you hit on there that I want to make sure we aren't missing is just like the rebar  starting to generate revenue much like PayPal's doing with Venmo. And the advantages that Square has is its seller network that it started out with obviously is like that dongle that you put in your phone for businesses. Because a lot of cash app users are also just small businesses that have accounts on there too. They've just expanded and launched products to get more consumers like you and me using it with a personal debit card and now they have trading on there which is also free. And also has a pretty good user interface.  in places that people hadn't thought there was going to be this strong growth before. Yeah, I think Square is now like a $50 billion company, if I remember correctly, or it was the other day. And when you look at that, it feels like this whole idea of rebundling, right? When I compare Robinhood and Square, it feels like Robinhood started with brokerage. To your point, it's very hard to add other things. Square, though, it feels like they can add anything, right? They've got deposits. And if you have deposits, that's kind of feels like the foundational core. Do you agree with that?  is weird. I don't think of Betterment is that I think of them as like maybe trading stocks they could get into but largely like long-term investing maybe a debit card so you have like a cash account in there and stuff too and Square's just been really good at picking good times to launch into new things. They have Square Capital, they have their online network, they made the acquisition of what was it Weebly where now a lot of their sellers can use that to build websites and take photos of products and all these things. So that's another thing like everything as we mentioned before  And there's a lot of similarities. I think Square is always gonna be more known as payments than what a Neobank would be. Like Neobanks, I don't see them ever having a big network like a Stripe or whatever where it's just like an online platform for processing payments. But there are a lot of other things like whatever Square Cash App is going for, that's something that a Neobank would go for too. In a sense, Cash App is kind of like the largest Neobank that no one ever really talks about. We talk about Chime, Revolut, Monzo, like New Bank in Brazil, whatever.  around banking and when you use that word bank, you know, everyone wants a piece of your business. Everyone wants to tax you. Everyone wants to regulate you. And so I guess part of this is how do these companies do international expansion, right? In the US, like it's heavily regulated and it's pretty well understood. It's just going to take capital and time. But how does that look going international? I know Robinhood is trying to go international obviously Square is trying now. Like what does that look like? It depends on which section of fintech that you want to go into, whether  we can go into Target and get a mortgage through Goldman Sachs. And that's good for both of them. One, because it makes Target have more users coming in and they can use data, get a piece of whatever they're selling. And Goldman gets massive distribution without having to do a huge amount of marketing. And customer acquisition cost is huge in financial services. And you also have extra data points that Target would have on that consumer to have a better idea of whether they're going to pay that mortgage back or not and how reliable they are.  overseas rather than the United States borrowing like I mean, COVID's obviously resulted in a lot of growth right now, but in a normal world, in a normal environment, the growth's coming from places other than US, India, and China. What do the legacy players do to kind of either combat, mitigate the threat from the neo banks and some of these FinTech tech companies, especially as they see them kind of already not maybe tapping out penetration of the US, but having enough penetration to then be,  That one as well is one where you just see so much of the potential now that you're starting to see big, good acquisitions. Most of them aren't gonna be that big. They're gonna be much smaller and it could be another FinTech buying another FinTech versus an incumbent buying a FinTech. So I think that's one trend that's gonna help with that. A lot of these firms in the past like five years or so have open venture arms that are continuously getting more aggressive in terms of funding and partnering with a lot of the firms that they can get information from.  on behind the scenes. Like there's a reason now all of a sudden more of our friends have apps from Venmo or a cash app or Chime or whoever on our phone and don't have like a Chase app on our phone and stuff. Right. So like that's not a trend banks like to see and they're going to do everything in their power to make sure that they don't get disintermediated. How does Stripe fit into all this? Stripe. Stripe could do a lot too. That's another one like Square that I think there's a lot of room for them to  credit card for companies, they've started lending. Stripe even has a VC arm itself. I think there's a lot they could end up doing. And I mean, even the two founders, there's a lot of room for them to do things politically and everything too, in terms of just like fundraising and speaking a lot for the space in general. Stripe and Square both obviously have payment data and they're starting to kind of flex their muscles there. We also see Amazon doing this where people are saying, wait a second, if I understand  there's a lot of room for companies, especially in an environment as hard to lend in right now, where you can sell some of that data that makes it so they're that much more likely to make the right loans and know what kind of loans people would be looking for and target the right customers. Whether that's good or not is debatable and I can see both sides of it, but in any case, there's a lot of room to use that right now. Because if you think about it, everything from like a credit score is getting so much more complicated with all the things  Market reason obviously famously said software is eating the world. It feels almost like software is like really eating finance right now. And they're kind of walking down feature by feature, product by product that a traditional bank would offer. Is there a world in the future where companies just use a stripe or a square and that is their financial services provider, everything from accounts to credit cards to lending. I mean, just like the entire suite of services you would get out of bank or replaced by these kind of digitally native  going to become a bank itself, but it's going to partner with someone like a Goldman, JP Morgan or whoever, and be able to offer that 100 in the next five to 10 years, 100%. That's going to happen. And when you talk about Apple, it almost feels like Apple, I'll make a very crazy connection to Trump, where Trump kind of went from developer, real estate developer to wait a second, I'm just going to use my name and I'm going to license it and put it on all these buildings. And like, now I have a bunch of buildings. It feels like Apple is doing that a little bit in finance, right? Where they originally  with the partnership angle, whoever it might be with. Whereas Uber, we've read in recent weeks, very much tried to build a lot of this in-house. And a week ago, they got rid of a lot of people on their Uber money team and like the head of it left, they're scaling it down and they're going to do things through partnerships instead. And that just shows to me that building things internally is hard, it's expensive, it's time consuming, and you're probably not going to end up  services like what's the what's the advantage for somebody who I wouldn't think as a bank or financial service provider. Why do they want to get into that. A lot of it isn't for you and me it's for their drivers. They could definitely do stuff for you and me in the future too. But in some foreign countries their Uber drivers are still paid in cash a lot and it's really dangerous because people try to rob and kill those drivers because they know there's going to be a lot of money in the car. Other things is getting your payments either right after the drive is done or at the end of the day rather than having to  For sure. What you're talking about is something I call streaming payments, right? This whole idea of like, get paid at the end of the day. And I was shocked. There's a company that we invested in called Bridget, and basically their whole idea was the top four banks have to get it as made like $8 billion last year in overdraft fees. And so they're telling us about it. I'm like, well, why is that? And they're like, well, basically what ends up happening is most people who get hit with overdraft, it's not that you don't have the money, it's that there's a misalignment between, you know, Netflix bill comes on the 12th, you go  And it feels like that's much more of a technology problem than it is companies don't want to do it or regulations in the way or anything like that. Is that accurate or in kind of just like how do you think about paying people at the end of each day? Yeah, no, it's regulation has a little bit to do with it, but regulation usually catches up afterwards. And there's no reason that a regulator that I can think of would say, no, we actually don't want you paying people every single day. There would be a lot of backlash for something like that. If the CFPB decide to be like, no,  this chime pays you two days early. And it's not really, it's kind of giving you a loan, but not really. It's just that the payment takes so long to go through at the bank that the bank's just holding onto it for two days before it shows up in your account. So they're just taking away that lag time. So it's not like they're doing anything magical or whatever. It's just they built around the rails and give you the money faster. And I think you're going to be seeing more of that both from the company level as well as some government agencies, both in the US and international are focusing a lot on real time payments as well.  Cost Venmo and others to make it so it gets there within a few hours versus waiting like you said two three four business days Lending what are you seeing there and kind of who are the players? Lending the last few months has been intense just like in terms of thinking about who you lend to and everything No one can underwrite in this environment not for businesses not for people nobody Like what do you any credit model you had before? Covid hit you might as well just throw  of it. They ended up having to completely stop. Same thing with CABH. CABH ended up laying off or furloughing a bunch of their staff and just doing PPP loans because it's just like, there's no way to tell right now. You also have to remember in lending, there's a lot of questions you're not allowed to ask. If you could walk into a room, not even see the person that you're lending to, but ask all the questions you'd really want to ask, putting regulation aside, it would be a lot easier to underwrite than what it is right now. And that's both good and bad things.  But you're not allowed to know if there's service now. Certain you can't know what zip code there you got you can know what zip code they're in but there's certain rules like zoning laws where you can't be like well, you know what this is a really bad area it's got like Government housing and everything you really want to be careful about lending them. You can't use that so There's just so many factors right now making lending very hard that I think some of the alternative data and big data that we talked about earlier is like extremely important right now  there was very little data and people were basically having to rely on the person who wanted to borrow money, what information they gave them. Maybe they could verify some of it, but like super bureaucratic, super slow. There was this like big swing towards, oh my God, now we have all this data on the internet, like give it all to me. And now it almost feels like we're kind of getting back to some level of equilibrium where people are being told, Hey, I know you have access to all that information, but you can only use some of it for the underwriting processes. Is that accurate? Yeah.  frustration from the FinTech company side in terms of interacting with that regulation? Yeah, I think you're going to have to have, there's certain firms like Tala and others that focus a lot on alternative data. And you can like outsource, like white label that software to make it so other places can better underwrite as well. Other things we, this was our topic in FinTech today this past week is you've seen the Apple card start a program or if you don't get approved the first time,  20 times that they can make payments and like manage their finances and everything. So in a way like the 800 at 20 or you could make that like 700 at 20 versus the 800 person at four and the 700 is going to get approved and you're like, wait a second, like my credit score is 100 more. Why am I not the one getting approved? So that's why like in the future, no one's going to understand how everything works and you're going to need these firm's both to the business and the people like you and me or businesses be like, hey,  you're also not allowed to go overspend and all of a sudden you have a $5,000 credit card bill and you're like, oh my God, why did I buy all that stuff from Bloomingdale's or whatever it might be. So I think those are two separate areas. So like alternative data and explaining to both the business and the consumers like both sides of the transaction, why things are the way they are. And then I think also helping people build their credit is gonna be another area that is very beneficial in the future.  and then you're also getting them in a position where you have more comfort, whether it's lending to them, having them as a customer, whatever, right? Right, yeah. I mean, if they are better able to underwrite and they're not gonna have as many losses, that's a win for the company. And if the customer has a better experience with them and is able to be more comfortable using more financial services products, then that's a win for them as well. How do you see things like loyalty points and kind of all of the other perks that are, they're economic in some sense,  come here. So that was almost our idea of loyalty points the past year is now that interest rates are lower. If they want to have some idea of loyalty points, they're going to have to figure out something else. Because I think the best out there right now, my markets account, I think is still like 1.2 or 1.3, but it was all the way up to like 2.5. So it's easily been cut in half. And then there's other ones that are even lower than that at this point. So maybe that's something they should be thinking about new ways to get loyalty points. Are they basically putting it up high at like  it too and lose money with like all the stuff that goes on behind the scenes but I can't give the user a higher interest rate than what I'm getting on that product. So it's like other places are just keeping that interest rate money for themselves. So that's why when Marcus lowered it it wasn't like because they're just like oh yeah we got you in let's lower it now it was because they literally legally had to lower it. Got it. So obviously that's kind of a negative side effect in some way of this economic kind of shock. Another  last day. So I don't think if Square and those guys were able to do a loan, it was probably like five loans or something like very negligible. But they, since the money went so fast, they rightly assumed that there's going to be another round of this. So they continued building and making sure everything was ready. And lo and behold, I forget what the time frame was in between, but I think it was like one or two weeks. And then the second round kicked in and there's still some money left in that round. They just extended it. And they, if you go on Jackie Reese's Twitter feed, I haven't checked  like a business purpose as well as like internally just like feeling good about what they're doing. And employee morale obviously if employees on Square Capital team are saving small businesses in America through this program they're feeling pretty good about their jobs and they're not going to leave anytime soon. But it was a scramble behind the scenes and something that we didn't realize as consumers is that the guidelines for it were just changing not by the hour but like the day. So you'd be building this product and then all of a sudden the guidelines  over here doing their own thing, not a big deal. Like we are helping save America right now and we are not going to miss this opportunity. They weren't going to let that happen. So that's like a perfect example of Fintech really stepping up to the plate. And from what I've seen so far, I mean, the program's not over. People have to like go through repaying and like all this different kind of stuff. But in the initial scenes looking at it, like I think they did really well. Yeah, it's it's really, really fascinating.  They're pretty fine just staying over in Asia. There's some things where they want to make it so AliPay users in Asia can easily be able to use AliPay in the US and Europe and elsewhere, but they don't really need to have big ambitions to like take over the US market either. And even the neo banks that are now moving into places like the US from overseas, I don't think they necessarily think that they're going to overtake neo banks that are also here. They just wanted to increase their customer base. And I don't know that it's really working that way.  your bread and butter. Makes sense. What about supporting multiple currencies? So a country obviously if I start in the United States, I support the US dollar. I don't really have a huge need to support other currencies. But the second I start to go kind of international expansion for my home country, that becomes an issue. Like what have you seen there? Yeah, so places like Stripe and Addian and others, they all have to have multiple currencies available for processing on their platform because they're going to have users that are buying things from other  country and country. Like if you go to your bank in the US and you want to send money to someone in Mexico, it's like five different banks that end up handling that transaction. It's not just my bank that I directly go to and then the bank that that person goes to. So that's something I think there's a lot of room for innovation from and you see a lot of earlier startups in that space looking to be like hire anywhere in the world you want, pay your suppliers anywhere in the world you want, like make it fast. There's not a ton of fees.  I check it like once a week or whatever because what it's so fine when they launched crypto said if you bought $10 of Bitcoin they would give you 25 I think I was like I haven't owned any Bitcoin I'll buy $10 of it and get 25 so I kind of like randomly look to check it out I think my $35 is worth like 45 or 50 now, so I'm up on it a little bit but It's stable and I think that's a good thing and I think you it I should ask you this question What's going on in Bitcoin and crypto you're gonna have a better answer than I would on this one  everything has been good. I think something to watch should be Facebook's Libra or it's renamed or something now too. See, I need to focus on- They renamed the wallet from Calibra to Novi, I think it is, which Mike Novogratz swears is because they named it after him, but we'll let them keep thinking that. That should be good luck though. Novogratz has done pretty well in the crypto space. So maybe they did as a good omen for the future of it.  I think  like example where the people say, oh, well, if they're doing so well, like we have to get in that game because we don't want them to take all the profits. Right. I don't think it's quite there yet, but it definitely those would be ones to watch if all of a sudden it did take off in there. You'd 100% see others quickly doing that too, rather than kind of passively researching it. For Robinhood, since they are private, it's hard to tell exactly what the numbers are. But from my understanding, their biggest revenue driver comes from the options trading on their platform. And then you have stocks and crypto  The first one is what is the biggest surprise of the last four months during this economic shock? The biggest surprise. Oh, man. I think the biggest surprise for me is the interest in people in trading. In some ways, it shouldn't be that surprising because people can't gamble right now and they're bored and don't have anything to do and their friends are probably starting to trade. So it's a word of mouth thing.  What are the two trends that you're looking at and paying attention to that people wouldn't expect over the next year? I think general so that we both get caught up in like the fintech world. So it's hard to imagine what like a person that isn't in the space would get surprised by but I think the white labeling software thing that we talked about where you could walk into a target or an apple and apply for a mortgage. I think that's something that we should watch is going to happen. It would be very surprising. And then the other one I would say  them. So I think that's the other one that is a trend that I'm watching that you could see a lot of innovation in over the next five to 10 years. Obviously, FinTech today is excluded from this question because it's so great. But what is the one place where you get information from or person that you follow online that isn't very well known but you feel like has a really good pulse on a lot of this? I have to go to bat for my colleague Jenny Sarain at Bloomberg. No one understands payments and a number  and not just like fast, quick hitting pieces and stuff too. And she's not like, when we think of FinTech reporters, we think of Nathaniel Popper, Rudy Gear, all these others. She's not a name that comes up that much and she really should. Julie, we'll put the plug in there. Last question from the lightning round before we go to wrap up is what has to happen for Bitcoin to become more prominent in the eyes of what I will call the legacy FinTech media?  mainstream usage and everything too. It doesn't have to be like me going to a coffee shop and being able to buy Bitcoin, but just like more use cases that I'm like, all right, like that makes sense because Bitcoin as easy as it is for some to understand, still very complicated for others to understand. And they don't realize like why it has any value in the first place. Like if I asked my dad about it, he's like, why is Bitcoin worth more than gold? Like gold is something I can hold and it has value and everything. So I mean, there's just like there needs to be more apparent use cases for  And it just really, it helped me realize that like people are always willing to help you, but you have to think of what, um, like what their KPIs are, what's going to make them look good. What's going to make them feel good. Um, cause if you do that, there's a really good chance. Like if you're empathetic towards them, they're going to go to bat for you. You're going to do a good job for them. That kind of thing. Same thing, like making your boss, what's going to make my boss look good? Cause I want to do something that's going to make my boss look good and you're going to make your boss look good.