 Thanks for having me. Yeah, it's always fun.  I've also invested in about probably over 150 companies now through kind of the last like I guess 15 plus years of being in tech and then more recently I started a company called FYI that helps you find your documents in three clicks or less across all the different services you use and we go beyond just a search box. So I build software, I help other people build tech businesses for the most part and I've invested in all kinds of different companies, some that have turned into unicorns, others that are  it to you or I give it to you for free or whatever the monetization is, but it helps you do a very specific thing. Right? And so maybe talk a little bit about like, why are you attracted to that type of model or why have you spent so much time building that type of software? Yeah, that's a really good question. The pithy dumb shit answer for lack of a better answer is like, I don't know. It just happened. So, you know, like I think a lot of people pretend to be smarter than they are, like try to give you a solid answer. Look,  can help it. I myself just found that like the for me it's a personal joy of being able to build something and have people be able to use it but use it in a way where like the value they get is extremely clear and you can talk to them about that value and make the product better. I think with a consumer product the the criteria and the way you think about it is a lot different even though the actual software development might be very similar at this point and then when you talk about like  Why'd you fall into Bitcoin? You probably have a damn good answer right now, but at the end of the day, you just lived your life. You were open to opportunities and boom, right? And like I first met you when you were starting a company, right? Not, I don't know you as the Bitcoin person or the person who talks about Bitcoin and monetary value and economic, you know, the economic system in the world and stuff like that, which like, I know a lot of people know you for probably a lot of people that are listening. Yeah, I tend to think that things just happen. I think it's a great way to kind of,  not worry so much about growth rate and things like that in the same way that you would if you were venture funded and had a bunch of money to kind of pour ahead of revenue. Got it. And in that sense, what is kind of the pros and cons? You've kind of seen what happens when you don't raise money and end up being successful. And then you've kind of seen the pressures and accelerated timelines and things around venture capital. And I think it's kind of become cool to talk about not raising venture capital now. But obviously we have plenty of examples where  you at this point, you know, like they were role models back in the day for us in a number of ways, not the self-funded side, but the software side more than anything else. I love how they write, copy, and build products. So that's one camp. Then you have almost like an artificial camp, I would call it, which is all these investors, right? And, you know, I'll give a few anecdotes and then I will, I promise, answer the question. First of all, like, I don't know anyone else that's done both. And I think that changes my perspective and  long-term value creation and and depending on those and your sort of lens on like time and your horizon in life like whether it's how old you are what phase you're in or how conscious you are to this you're gonna make a choice one way or another so if you feel like hey I have this ambition and I want to go really far you might just say other people's money is the best way to do that because it can get me further faster if you're saying hey I have a job and I want to quit my job  look out there in the rest of the world, it's not the same in most places. I think there are exceptions, like New York might be an exception, LA might be an exception, but I've seen so many self-funded businesses from LA and New York as well and not as many from San Francisco. It's not even like you don't hear about them, they just don't exist here. I think the way I think about it though, if I were to sort of take a much higher level view on it is the amount of weight that I have  basically, hey, and this is just ironic and very timely, but hey, you know those investors that we talk about? I'm like, yeah. He's like, well, they don't know anything either. And I'm like, what do you mean? And he's like, you know, and we were talking about software and the things that I build and he builds as well. And he's like, you know, self-service and low LTV and 10-month payback periods and not having  and like some formula in between there and that's it. And a lot of us that have focused on self-service SaaS with higher turn have had VCs come back and say, that won't work. But then we show them it's working and now after 10 years plus of it working, the investors like, yeah, we'll fund that. We'll give you a $50 million valuation at a $2 million ARR with a 10 month like LTV. It's like, wait, what? You work do that just like two years ago.  And what that means is as an operator of a business, what's the right path for you? How do you start? How do you go? So if you're at a tech company, you're an engineer and you feel like you're going to start your own company, it's very likely you're going to go raise money right away. Cause the money for you is around you. There's like a half a million dollars waiting for you between 10, 20, 30 people that you've worked with before, right? Or their network, right? And they'll vouch for you. So you'll get that first check. Why would you go think about self funding? If that's your scenario.  But the way that companies are built is going to change as you're describing as well. And so whether that's the way we fund the companies or the way that we acquire users, the way that teams work from kind of a productivity standpoint, remote versus not, like how do you think about the big trends there of what's going to change? And let's maybe kind of focus on like, what do you think is almost guaranteed to change versus the things that people are like, ah, you know, 1% chance it might change, but if it changes, it'll have a huge impact on the world. What are the guaranteed changes for you?  I don't know how many shits have hit the fan this time. So, you know, and how many more might come. My count is about three to five, depending on how you think about chain reactions. But I was just reading a paper earlier today that was talking about, we don't even know the long-term impact. It was a whole study on that. It just came out this morning. And I'm like, okay, well, and you know, I'd throw it back at you and be like, what do you know? Because you probably have a whole different lens than I do. But I think from a building business operator standpoint,  channels where you can pay for the traffic, like Facebook ads or something like that. I even mean things like how easy it was to get on Dig's homepage back in the day and how much harder it got over time as a bunch of us figured it out and started monetizing the attention we had on there. And you're seeing the same with Twitter and things like that as well, where I think Twitter's a fascinating one because the page side of it has never really worked out, and I don't know if it ever will, but the organic social media-ish app  ways to even merge channels together to make things work so that you can keep costs down, but that means that the sophistication level of your sort of marketing and your mix and all that stuff goes up. So what's not going to change is I think for a long time costs of labor, any kind of labor is going to go down. There's many reasons for that. One of the main ones being people are now used to not having to work from an office. It's just people meaning everybody. They're used to it, whether they like it or not like it or whether their kids are  And so revenues of some of the sort of newer players spiked and are now kind of at a more steady pace. Obviously they captured whatever they're going to capture. And now there's a lot more to do. I've seen jumps in ARR of like 5x for some of these companies, not counting zoom even just some of the smaller ones. And when you think of it like that, it's like we've gotten used to it. That's my point, like the buying cycle, like we've gotten used to it. You can look at software buying cycles to see what we've gotten used to. We've gotten used to that, which means that we're probably going to be able  I am super surprised at the amount of zoom fatigue and complaining about it. And the reason I'm surprised about it is because you can turn off the video. You can just turn off the video. I mean, I was doing this stuff back in, again, I'm going to date myself, but back in the day, 17 years ago, I'd hop on a Skype and hit the voice button or whatever they had, because they didn't have video and just talk to someone. I did not lose anything.  unless they're with the whole team or something, it's usually like voice. So anyway, what I think is happening is that there is, the way of working is completely gonna change. And it changed because we got a big shot in the arm and now we have to do things. And the implications of that are the first one being, I think, because of the other factors that are happening in the world, labor is gonna be cheaper. And then when you add in remote work and companies being super cool with it now,  Is it hard to predict just because we have more people who are skilled, more people who are educated on these certain bodies of work, it doesn't necessarily actually lead to more successful companies? I like the question. I think back to your prior, if you take the prior thesis of like, look, there was like a much clearer way where it was one path to build a large business, which was you raise money. Now there's a second way,  that sort of growth, I mean, they could take home a million bucks, two million bucks, right, in the next 10 years, every freaking year. It's like the new, like, it's like the new doctor's office. It's like the new dentist. It's like the new sort of small business, basically, is all these self-funded software businesses in every niche, every category, and this is happening. There's gonna be way more of that. Are those companies innovative?  more mimicking, copycatting, at best being inspired. And we see very little creativity around the solution that you're trying to build for a customer. Because if you can solve it without innovation, why wouldn't you? And in fact, all this knowledge makes people think more like that. Because we can try that thing over there. We can try  people are doing and imitate it has increased, our skill set, that means, in my opinion, needs to be a lot lower or can be a lot lower to achieve the same amount of growth or create the same amount of value just because the knowledge is all out there and the ability to see what another company is doing is like, you snap your finger, you can go look at a lot of their publicly available data and there's a lot of it that's available. Yeah. Just recently, we're talking about this idea of creators.  or Uber or whatever it is, they're actually pretty happy with a million, two million bucks a year, right? And maybe they can go into something a little bit more. So maybe talk a little bit about like, what do you see happening in that part of the world where it's almost like this graying of the line between the content creators and kind of the business owners and entrepreneurs? Yeah, it's incredible. Like I used to talk about the stuff 10, 12 years ago about how you wanted to build  and learn more about it. And a mutual friend introduced us, right? And we talked about it, and I learned a bunch from you about it. It's incredible, I think that what we're gonna see is more and more creators get really large audiences, and then they need to figure out what to do next. And so the ecosystem of support for them, I think is what's, I wouldn't say missing, but it's definitely something that we're gonna see, we're gonna see, I think, a lot more  his job and he's making 5,000 something a week with his YouTube videos that are like equivalent of like tutorials and unboxing. And then he mentioned Skillshare and it turns out he did a video in 2019. It's 2020 right now that still makes a hundred plus dollars a day for him. And this is a YouTuber. He shared a video about this and here's the thing he said, you're going to love this. He basically said, and like he's just good.  that even if one or two of you watch this and get inspired, I've done my job here. He didn't say it like that, but that's exactly what the message was. I think that drops a mic on the whole topic. It's like, yeah, you watch a couple of YouTube videos, you can figure out how to make money. In fact, I didn't know Skillshare enabled that kind of ability for people, because that ends up being like $3,000 a month. That's a significant amount of money for a significant amount of people.  me that I think that's really interesting is like what you're basically talking about is they created a piece of evergreen content, right? And that piece of evergreen content continues to monetize over and over again. And I think if you kind of pull back into, okay, let's take a podcast, for example, we were talking about, uh, Joe Rogan and Rogan basically creates two types of content. He creates evergreen content where you could go back and listen to an interview he did with a certain person from five years ago. And it's just as valuable today as it is then. And this is things, you know, health or morning routines or kind of all that type of stuff. And there's a  build things to monetize that attention. And whether that's physical products, whether that's a software product, like, like ultimately you have the customer base and you're either going to rent out your customer base to somebody else because they're gonna pay you for ads or you're going to monetize it yourself. And you monetize it yourself. Seems like that's the most profitable, sustainable thing to do. Right. Yeah. I mean, why can't it be both? Why is it even like one of these things that like,  you knew they bought it, why would you pitch that product to them again? And there's obviously with podcasting in certain mediums, that level of sophistication doesn't exist yet. And I don't know if it's gonna get there, but I think the point is just if you have an audience and you wanna build a business, well, you have the audience, and even if you wanna build a business, go get an audience, because then the optionality you have of what you do next is why?  around like the investment round and at some stage you don't get to change. You don't get to change everything. I mean you can but you don't really get to. It's not easy, it's probably not worth the drama so to speak and I think that's where a lot of people's mindsets get really stuck on. There's this type of business, so a podcast business and there's this way that it's monetized. But when you look at all the  an audience alignment with what she was selling them. That means that somebody understood the audience, somebody knew what they would buy and then built out whatever they had to, whether it's business processes, hiring, or just picking the right partners to monetize. And those kind of options, even those multiple options I said, you have that optionality. You can pick partners to do things today and sell to your audience where you don't have to do all the work either.  this might be one example, but any others that you could think of where audience built first and then their software product was piped through? Yeah, absolutely. I got to see this firsthand and kind of had my little part in possibly being a fulcrum for this gentleman. So there's a conference called MicroConf. It's a conference that I think is now eight or nine years old. I went to the first five religiously in Vegas when they were doing it, not because it was in Vegas, just because that's where they did it. I don't actually gamble  He was a designer and a writer is what I would call him. I'm not sure what he'd call himself at that time, but that's what I would call him. Because what he would do is he would blog and he would sell ebooks and he would teach people how to blog and sell ebooks. And this is to a tech audience of folks who could program for the most part, like, and also our designers in the scene, so to speak, or in tech. And he basically was building a website  at a microconf him and I were chatting, we were walking from one place to another, uh, after kind of after hours, possibly, uh, maybe walking to dinner or something. And he was just asking for some thoughts for me. And I just told him like, look, you should just like, if you're not convicted on your software, just stop. Like don't do it. Do the other thing. Cause the other thing's making you like a hundred grand or 200 grand a year or more. I don't remember, but enough that like you don't need to do the software thing. And I think that that really was the,  He created this software and now the software even has landing pages on it that allow you to do what he did back in the day. When he shared that, I was like, Oh, you're back. You're going back to your roots, right? Like this is like kind of what you know and how you started this thing. Um, and now he's enabling other people to do the same. They also added commerce where now you can charge. So like, I'm sure that business will get to kind of 30, 40 million in revenue over time, uh, just because of the moves that he's making and that started, you know, humble beginnings as they say, but as a personal blog writing about,  20 to $60 million is more than most entrepreneurs end up with when they sell their company for $100 million anyways. Right? Yeah. And like at some point you get so much cash. You don't, it's not that you don't know what to do with it, but you don't need it. So then you start investing in things, right? Like I think he's invested in a bunch of land and a house and this and that, like, you know, and stuff like that. But like, that's what you end up doing if you have cash and then it compounds too, right? If you make actual investments that are compounding, I think the windfall of a big lump of money  of our own home, so to speak. Yeah, I love that. I asked Twitter for a bunch of questions and they sent a number of ridiculous ones, but then also some thoughtful ones. So let me just run through the thoughtful ones and kind of just give me your thoughts on the fly. Yeah, sounds good. When talking about the future of remote work, how do you think cities evolve kind of in response? I think that cities are very good at adapting over long periods of time.  evolve and go back to kind of their roots, so to speak, where there wasn't as much residential and there was a lot more office space. The other question is if we really turn into a world in the further out future where there's a lot of self-driving cars, you might see cities turn into parking lots of some kind if I were to be silly for a second. But yeah, nobody knows. That's my guess. I think they are going to evolve, but it's going to take a while for them to evolve because they change well, but they change slowly. I love that answer.  because you can get growth with the customer and not create enough value for the business, or you can create a ton of value for the business, but kill the customer, right? And mainly make it so that you don't get more customers. And a product manager's job is to figure that out. And the worst place a product manager can be in is when they've built a bunch of things and none of them are working. Cause then neither of those things are happening. You're kind of screwed. When I was at Facebook, we had a saying, uh, deliver more value than you take. And when you kind of think about that, it was always this feeling of like,  Usually this is a product manager's task and that's why I try to take the marketing piece out of it for the moment because if you're shipping product and you're not changing your value proposition or understanding what it is and who it appeals to, then you're not actually changing your product. You're literally just making improvements, hoping that something's going to change without changing the other aspects of the business. The other aspects of the business are kind of your doorway, right? Your doorway is your value proposition. That's what people know your business for before they even come and use it. And so to me, it's not about  my point will be proven, which is basically that as you ship product, you change value prop. If you're in the early days and you're pre-product market fit, you're constantly trying to figure that out. Then what you realize is a product person's job, founder's job, whoever's working on the product itself and managing it, needs to also think through how do I test value propositions before I build product? If you can do that, then your value proposition, your marketing, so to speak, could be ahead, but if you're truly testing it, whether it  And these always seem to be a half step ahead in what they were testing without having built it. And then once they realized there's just enough traction, or there's just enough signal that, hey, this is going to be valuable, then they would kind of scramble to build it and kind of serve that need. And to me, it was always one of these things where, I think for whatever reason, you know, and obviously wrongly, like, oh, people just build things and, you know, reveal it to the world. And obviously, guys, you kind of see the under workings, a lot of the stuff you're like, it makes a ton of sense to maybe, I don't know, ask people, hey, do you want this?  Bitcoin, crypto, blockchain space, and any kind of insights or takeaways there?  is that it's money. Everybody understands money. As long as you understand simple math, you understand money. This is the reason it's gonna take a long time to spread because we're used to money in its current form. Its current form in the digital realm is wire transfers. Anybody that's ever done a wire transfer, I'm sorry, I do them a lot, especially with internet transfers.  But to me it starts with the fact of where did it start and how much of that needs to be undone for the consumer to use it. Average consumer isn't trying to do shady transactions with it, period. And so if that's the case, how do we get to a point where it becomes not an underground thing? And I know that might sound ridiculous because everyone's heard of Bitcoin, but not everyone owns Bitcoin. And more importantly, very few people  in this shady, and not even, I don't think people go as far as to say like, it was all criminal. It was just as your point, like kind of the people who were always in the fringe in terms of ideas, actions. I'll go further and say it started criminal, right? Like objectively illegal activity is where it started. I'm not saying that's where it ended. I'm not saying it didn't go fast, but I agree with you. At the same time, what I saw in the earliest days was people who could not, who had trouble exchanging money.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. Even like downloading music in movies, that's illegal. Right? And now we have Spotify. Now we have Netflix. Absolutely. So I think that there's this weird balance between it's almost like the big technologies start out there and it takes a long time. So like you have an uphill battle in the short term, but over the long term, like history has proven that that's actually like a pretty good trajectory to take. But to your point, it takes a long time. The second thing, I think the more important piece  Even when you're not actually sending, just using it, storing it, accessing it, all that kind of stuff, there is a very distinct difference between the quality of product in the non-Bitcoin consumer facing world and technology and the Bitcoin world. That should change. I think most people are generally like, oh, that'll improve over time. But I think that's actually one of the biggest challenges. Because to your point, people have heard of Bitcoin, but how do I get it?  from the TV and in retrospect, you're thinking, well, that's kind of, you record it and then you watch it with a bunch of people. That's illegal to its own sort of forum. So everything starts that way. I love that point. And we'll see, like, we'll just see, like, I feel like it's, we're in the sort of Forex trading world of it still. And I'm just looking for the signs where we get out of it. I thought we were going to get out of it sooner, especially with like the crypto kitties and like  I'm guessing the way it turns out is a lot of the movement of money gets powered by it, but the consumer side still feels the same for the consumer credit cards and equivalents. Yeah, we invested in a business out of Chicago called Zapp and they got a product strike where literally I send you $20 and you get $20, but they're using the Bitcoin rails to do it. And I tend to think like that's a very easy onboarding because whether I'm using Venmo or this, like I don't care what the technology stands for.  I've read four or five times, it's called A Courage to be Disliked. And it's Al Darian Psychology. This guy, Alfred Adler, came up with this, not Freud, not Carl Jung, a third one. And I just recommend everybody read it, especially if you've ever been the person that likes to be liked, which I think is about 80, 90% of the population. I've read it, it is fantastic. So I plus one that. Second one's more fun, which is Aliens, believer or non-believer?