 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have a very special guest today. I think that she is incredibly well known in certain circles and then incredibly unknown in other circles, but she's got an incredible story. So Kat, thank you so much for doing this. Yeah, thanks for having me. All right. We're going to spend some time on your backstory because it is probably one of the best business stories that I've heard. Where did you grow up and what did you do  everything looked pretty amazing, especially compared to the rest of our family. But by the age of nine, I'm the oldest of three girls, two younger sisters. So I was nine, they were six and three. My mom came to me and said, that's it, I'm done, we're leaving. And we were leaving my dad. He was an alcoholic and a good man, but a terrible husband and father. And so we left and my mom fed us on a food budget of $10 a week for three years. She worked three jobs and a lot of what transitioned  Why did you go to get the job at Hooters? Starting out as a waitress there. Yeah, you know, I was my third job. I worked at clean gym equipment. I worked in a mall and sold clothes. And then as soon as I turned 17, I applied to be a hostess at Hooters. And, you know, I was in high school and people work one out of every two Americans, I think their first job or one of their first jobs is in hospitality. So going to work in a restaurant as a hostess as a high school students, pretty typical.  We'd love for you to come and apply." And so I was like, oh, dope, that sounds awesome. So I went and applied, I became a hostess. And then when I turned 18, I was able to rock the orange shorts, because you have to be 18 to serve alcohol. And it's a restaurant that served alcohol, about 20% of the sales at the time were alcohol. So it was more of a restaurant than a bar, but I was a waitress. And that was all before I graduated high school. Okay. And so when you graduate high school, you basically go on a tour  I started at 17, I started opening franchises at 19 around the world. How does that happen? Well, it was interesting. I was the first person in my family to get into college ever. So my plan was not to like run restaurants. My plan was to go to school, get a degree, an engineering degree. I was a chemical engineering or computer sciences and electrical engineering major with a desire to go on to chemical engineering. And then I wanted to go to law school  units and take them to go teach people how to do that job. Like that's super normal. What's unusual is that it was Hooters that the first time I ever went to go open a restaurant was in Sydney, Australia because the company was growing there. I didn't even have a passport. I'd never been on a plane when they asked me to go open that franchise. But I said, yes, then I bought my first ever plane ticket to Miami, stood in line, got my passport and came back and traveled and was a part of the team. It was a whole team of people from around the country that traveled.  because I was never there. And I was really good in school when I was there, but once I started opening franchises, I would be gone for 30, 40 days at a time in these countries to launch the franchise, to help set up the supply chain, to train the employees, to help train the managers, to get it going, to do press and media, and help the franchise get started. And I'd come back, I'd make up my classes, but eventually that just wasn't sustainable. And by the time I was 20,  and revenue. All right. When you show up at 19, 20 years old with two years or less of experience actually working at the restaurant that you're now helping open in foreign countries, what's the interaction with the people who are going to work there? Like, are people just like, what do you know? You're 19, 20 years old? Or are they like, oh, the woman from America has come here to teach us how to do this? Like, how does that happen in terms of just you being young and having to interact with them, assuming people who either are  So I had some relationship, but they typically didn't know how old I was. I've always sounded a bit older. I've always looked a bit older. And while I had never been asked to lie about my age, nor would I, I was very well aware that the impression was that I was older than I actually was. In fact, when I was opening restaurants that first year, I couldn't even legally rent a car. I had to lie, say I was 21, or have somebody else sign for it. And just so I could get that piece done.  And I'd say that's one of the benefits of that early demand of having to travel to a different country to do the same thing with a different team over and over, is it forced me to build the muscle of openness, vulnerability, humility, courage, you know, a lot of things that seem counterintuitive, but became my secret sauce of being able to go anywhere, no matter how young I was, build a team, achieve an outcome, and generally build trust across the stakeholder group.  Yeah, for sure. One, I mean, literally, Australia was my first trip. I mean, other than flying to Miami to get my passport. And so, and yes, it's an English speaking culture, but different, right? Context is different, words are different. And so from that first opening, I really learned the value of humility. At the same time, I learned that if you're only humble and curious, you're just a student,  because I know I'm humble and curious enough to ask questions and to get people to help me. So the confidence oddly was fueled by this humility and curiosity. And I would go and every country there was something we had done wrong, every country. And yeah, I was good at international operations over time because of practice, but the first few openings, they were a hot mess. I mean, there were things culturally we hadn't done our research. There were certain aspects of the menu or the brand  my fault. And that's a brutal leadership mirror, you know, to eventually be like, shit, it's not them. It's me. And what do I do about that? And how do I figure it out? So I think because I was alone, there weren't a lot of other resources from the company. I was forced to deal with my own mess. And I was forced to see where I was a common thread in a problem. And then my fourth opening was in Argentina, launching Hooters in Buenos Aires, first  first that it's correct. And any sense, not your it's not the natural activity for your brain. You instantly go into defense mode, but assume first that criticism is accurate. And then what will happen is, is if you consider that and you reaffirm that it's actually not instead of debating the what you focus on the why. But if you in fact realize that even a fraction of it might be accurate, it will keep your foot out of your mouth. It will help you  Is it, oh yeah, it kind of is, okay, let's change that instead of getting caught up in like ego battle or we're the franchise or you're the franchisee or this is an American brand, do it our way. It really helped me iterate and innovate and be fluid in ways that allowed without a lot of experience for me to seem as a more mature and experienced leader than I actually was. And at some point you build the experience, right? Because eventually they ask you to step into kind of the vice  but it's definitely growing and get in there. It's really easy if you're a good performer to get more and more responsibility and kind of grow with it. And then the best part is if they're successful, whether you did something or not, like it's on your resume and you'll basically get the credit for being quote unquote early at this thing that grew. So I've always thought of that as like, that's a pretty prescient piece of advice for college graduates. You basically did that without even really knowing it in the sense of this thing went from, I think I've read that it was, you know, small,  the positives than I do the pain. I think that's how we operate as humans. I know that as someone who's given birth to two children, it's sort of like in my memory now, but in the moment it was not fun. You know, I think one is when you're moving up really quickly, it is likely that you continue to go from a position to being elevated and now you're managing your peers. And then again, you're managing people who were your peers the day before.  I think when you believe you're going to be under the bright light of scrutiny, that you just do a better job. There's something really powerful for those who care about how they're perceived. The other is there are a lot of these forks in the road given that same set of conditions where now I'm managing my peers. And some people can only improve incrementally in those situations because the way they believe they are viewed by their previous peers holds them back. I can't be someone materially different  to make sure people who were in the position that I was in yesterday understand that. So that's one learning of moving up quickly and being so young is I watched others have opportunities to move up, but then they got held back by trying to be a part of the crew instead of owning their full new responsibility in that role. And I like to think of it as a seat at the table. And if you're not using your voice and making an impact, you're taking up a seat. Get out if you're not going to do the job.  actually. So I had many examples and mentors of how to show up as a woman. I was never trying to figure out how to like be an executive in a man's world, which was this really beautiful gift. But there were many people who because of my age and how quickly I moved up again said directly or to other people, I don't understand why she's here. She's too much of a cheerleader. You know, there were definitely those sort of the presence of the patriarchy or the misogynistic beliefs.  They were emotional at times. There were times that I would go home in tears because it was just hard, right? The normal politics that are at work and then add different gender, college dropout, not as sophisticated, former Hooters girl, half their age. There's a lot going on there that even if they didn't put it out there was in my head and it's a symptom of being the only in a room, the only person of color, the only woman, the only young, the only college dropout.  things that I understand and have personal experience with. You've told me before that as you were kind of going through this journey and growing within the company, it wasn't just people internally that realized, hey, she knows what she's doing. There was lots of people outside of the company or maybe a few people who would come to you and basically say, Hey, do you want to go run this or do you want to join my company over here or do whatever? But you stayed for a while or you stayed years and kind of maybe talk a little bit about like, why did  So rich with business education and leadership opportunities and again at such a young age. And in the early days, and I stayed there for just under 15 years. And in the early days, first 10 years, I was like, man, who again, who would ever give somebody my age opportunities like this? I wouldn't get through their HR filter for real, literally. They would never call me back.  I've been a vice president for a few years. And I thought about them. I thought, oh, it'd sure be nice to just change the story, right? To like not be with the same company. But then when I looked under the hood, it's like, oh, you mean I'm going to be pigeonholed in a functionality, in a company that's already so set in its ways? No, thanks. Like it, my currency is learning. I turned down a lot of money, unfortunately, but my currency is learning. And I knew it early on and anything  And it's a little bit hard to leave when you've amassed so much relationship capital, right? I could do anything in that company up to a certain point. I enjoyed a great degree of flexibility and a great degree of impact and the company was my family. I mean, I was there for again for a little 14 years. So that was what kept me. My last year and a half there, I went back to get my master's. So I have a master's without a bachelor's. I went to school nights and weekends at an executive  And right as I was in the middle of getting my MBA, we had to sell the company. The owner and CEO had died. His son had taken over and to settle the estate, we had to put the company up for sale. And so I was literally going to class at night, learning about transactions and enterprise valuation, then going to meet with lawyers and private equity firms the next week and saying everything that I knew operationally, but able to communicate it in a language that garnered respect and a lot of  and people in the industry, including private equity firms, started to see me as a leader with a crazy amount of potential, not just the executive at Hooters. If I had just been that executive at Hooters on paper, I wouldn't have been offered the opportunity to be the president of Cinnabon, which is what eventually got me to leave. I didn't think I'd get the job. They asked me to interview. I had been talking to the private equity firm for quite some time about working with them, Rourke Capital out of Atlanta.  I here's how it went down and this is why having access to people with Experience in business and in life matters this woman who has always taken an interest in me who over time became a mentor I don't believe in really pushing mentoring and mentors on people it feels daunting it feels inaccessible to those who are like me who aren't like Wharton grads high potential right it's it feels it just feels  If you want to get a job in this industry, you'll have no problem because you have such a strong reputation But if you want to do anything outside of franchising and restaurants, you will not get past their HR gate you have got to get a degree and I'm like oh but I dropped out right before the I got my second year degree my two-year degree and I've tried to go back online and I'm just so busy and it was just her telling me that it was possible she said, you know, I know the CEO who's running an enormous corporation  most of them and then chose Georgia State. So that's how it went down. It's amazing. And it's also a thing I think of, you took it as like, once I know something is possible, then I can go do it. But it's also an exposure thing, right? If you're never exposed to somebody who did it, right? It's one thing to know, hey, it can happen. But then when somebody points and says, that guy did it, like, well, that guy did it, then I could do it, right? And it changes the way people think about opportunities  because I want everyone to know that it's possible. And I don't believe it devalues the education or the merits of the experience because look what I've done since then, right? It was a good bet on their part and it was a good risk on my part. And so I think there are many things like that, little things we are all exposed to that in any audience, whether it's on Twitter, in a clubhouse room, at a house with friends,  you compound it with, as you said earlier, like the executive from Hooters. What does she know about Cinnabon or restaurants? You can just imagine all of the kind of water cooler talk. Like what do you do? You know, I think what I did is so much a framework or a primer for doing a lot of things today, not just being new in a role or taking over a company, but I just went and worked in the restaurants and spent time with the franchisees. You know, all those questions are  on your age or gender or experience. I just left no, I gave that zero oxygen, right? Like just go straight in and do nothing but work in the business. And I didn't do that because I knew I was so strategic intellectually to think, oh, I'm gonna dispel all the myths about me. I did it because I actually wanted to understand the business at a ground level. I did it because it wasn't that long ago that I was working in restaurants in an hourly way. And I really respect that the answer  lack the authority to do something about it. It's the leaders job to come in and ask a lot of questions, see the patterns emerge from that and go, ah, even though they're saying it in different ways, this is the common thread of the problem or the opportunity. And this is actually what they're saying is the fix. And now I can do something about it. That's why all I did for the first 30, 60 days was work in the business. And in fact, I came out of that experience with a blueprint  the language is one piece, but the fact like the president of the entire company's here, you can just imagine like, you know, the store's probably a little bit cleaner the day you show up, right? And everyone's on their best behavior. How do you build the trust with them in a short period of time to actually be able to get the truth, right? So when you ask that question, it's not like, oh, the franchisees said that, you know, our biggest problem is we need X. Actually, the biggest problem is that, you know, we don't have enough throughput on the tables or something like that. And so like, how do you build that trust to get that information? Yeah, I love that you use  between me and them because if I don't do my best to create a warm entry where I at least have a conversation of what my intentions are assuming they are not used to this type of leadership if I don't do that what will happen is before I arrive they'll go tell everyone everything you said be on your best behavior don't mention this and in it in one way you can look at that and say well that's a really low integrity management style it's also human  I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that  I'm saying I'm assuming I'm going to get dirty back here. Even that step some people don't do they keep their office You know persona when they enter a kitchen and I won't ever criticize that because everyone's got their way but for me I To answer your question of how like how to get to the truth. Those are those are my approaches and it really does Make people comfortable. I ask about them how long they've been here  over time, that is clearly saying there is an employee or a market opportunity. Then I ask, what do we throw away or what do we not use that we have? And that's about wasted resources. So I'm looking to find wasted resources so I can fund the thing that people are telling me is the opportunity. And then I ask, if you were me, what's one thing you would do differently to improve the business? And not if you were me, what's your advice? That's way too big. What's one thing you would do differently to improve the business?  and all that kind of stuff. I was in the military for a while and one of the things that they like. Thank you for your service. It was best years of my life. But one of the things that they harp over and over and over again in a lot of the leadership schools is never ask somebody who is one of your soldiers to do something that you're unwilling to do yourself, right? And so you can imagine a military setting, there's all kinds of crazy stuff you could ask people to do in a business setting, same thing, right? If you're not willing to go actually make  try to be helpful in things in which I am not practiced. And so that also shows respect. It's a removal of ego. I don't need to be, I need to serve you because what I ultimately get is your ability to do your job as best as possible drives the business. And if I'm any way I'm even distracting you or making you think you have to perform for me and not do what it is that you need to do, it's putting myself first instead of other people. So that's the flip side.  that's a really important Spidey sense to develop. Yeah, that's awesome. What was the playbook that you implemented to turn Cinnabon around? Three things. So first, through those conversations, I diagnosed that there was a deficit of belief. Just the franchisees were tired. They're in malls. This was like pre-ecommerce boom, so there was another wave of this coming. But there was depressed, and there was a lot of people who were like, oh, I'm going to get a job.  But if you're in that danger zone and these are small business owners in large part, it's really scary. So there was a lot of emotional fatigue around being involved in the business. And there was one large franchisee that was like basically running a Ponzi scheme and was this insolvent. And I was dealing with a potential bankruptcy of one guy that owned like, you know, over a third of the system. So that was interesting. And so the playbook was first diagnosing that that deficit of  I believe there was a positive future like doing things for them that you wouldn't do if you believed that the business was headed to the bottom. So that was first was diagnose and address the deficit of belief. The second was to focus on the fundamental business model. And so from because it was so impacted by the recession, the actual unit level economics were crumbling because there were various things that worked pre the recession that weren't during and probably weren't going to start.  for well over a billion dollars in multi-channel sales outside of the franchise business across these licensed channels. So Pillsbury and Keurig and Green Mountain, there's Cinnabon Coffee, Cinnabon Coffee Creamer, Cinnabon Siri. I mean, you name it, right? The brand and its flavors and its ingredients really represented a tremendous market opportunity if we could think outside of our franchise business model. And that is as big of a business today  Like how do we drive more people into this store so that we can then sell them whatever the food widget is that we have? I think you were one of the first and as you said kind of pioneered this idea of like, wait a second, there's a sign outside that has a name on it that everyone recognizes. And how do we take that brand with all the ingredients and things we do and we're known for all that kind of stuff and then get it out of these four walls, right? And that to me is not only one kind of creative thinking or thinking outside  So deeply understanding the essence of the brand which means answering the questions Where does this brand have the permission to travel and in what product forms? Does it make sense in various channels? Like you've got to get Really honest about that and we got lucky I didn't start the licensing business We had the Pillsbury deal when I joined but then we built everything on top of that because it was so obvious that there was  that is still where a majority of the cash comes from. Even if it's waning in relevance, it's still the trunk of the tree. And if you go making this huge heavy branch, not thoughtfully, it can pull the tree over. And so, and there's no shortage of brands that you could point to that you're like, why would they do that? And why would they go there? And a lot of restaurant brands over the years have had something in the freezer section or what, you know, or whatever, but it's a little side hustle.  are sold outside of the franchise business. Even though the franchise business is still what we're famous for, right? So the first step is diagnose the brand. So you keep yourself out of the gutter. That helps give the guardrails for where you should go, in what formats, with what partners, in what sequence, and even silly things. Like what do you call things? Is Cinnabon a brand? Is it a thing? Is it a place? You really have to understand that. Should it only be hot products since we're known for being hot?  That's a very low frequency transaction one or two times a year. That's it Grocery is every week The same product that wins in malls is not going to win in grocery, right? Something that indulgent that you would only buy twice a year You're you're only gonna buy it twice a year in grocery and that's missing the market So understanding the pieces that can translate that is I wouldn't even say that's step one That's like the foundation of the pyramid you get that wrong in any place you take a brand or product format is  with. And then I would say the top of that pyramid, which is maybe small in size, but it is the point of the spear, is understanding with the legacy business how to ensure that this is a collaborative ecosystem, not a new innovation channel that steals from the core. Right. It's not like, I don't know if you remember that book since I have a toddler, The Giving Tree, where you just keep giving up a piece, a piece, and all you're left with is a stump.  is literally the roadmap. It is the secret sauce. And there's a lot within there obviously, and we made our share of mistakes because we moved fast with a lot of partners at once in new products. So I can share all the screw ups too, but that's a bit of the framework. So there's one mistake that you made that you've told the story before. We don't have to say who it was with, but there was a product that you created and you basically did what you just said, right? You went to the franchise and you said,  people to go buy that, the other stores that you're gonna go do this with. Maybe tell us as much as you can, like what happened and like what the mistake was. And then really what I wanna focus on is like how you were able to as a new leader of an organization kind of use it as an opportunity to actually build trust and a better relationship with franchisees, even though there was a mistake made. Yeah, most people ask the question when they hear the story, how did the board not fire you? How did you avoid that?  Here's what it is. It's different than what you sell, but similar and it's going to be in this large club grocery chain. And they said, we don't like it because it's kind of like what we sell, but we hear you and we trust you. Okay. Let us know how it goes. Um, and then a few days later I get an email from one of the franchisees, the son of the founder. And I always joke, literally it's like an email with three letters and font size 90.  He sent me another email with a picture of a product in this grocery chain that was very different than what I told them it would be. It was the almost identical in form to the product that they sell in the franchises. Six large ones and a rectangular, not 10 tiny ones in a round pan with drizzled frosting sold for basically half the price. And he's like, you can talk to our lawyer. Like they had already started emailing the pictures around everywhere. And it was just this feeling like, how did that happen?  someone a fully formed manufactured food product which takes well over a year to plan, commercialize and sell in. We were sending them raw ingredients and recipes. So all you need is a different recipe to make a different thing. And this sales guy sent them the recipe for the big thing because they said we want the real one. And there wasn't a gate or a process that was in place