 What's going on, John?  And, you know, it was never a heckling thing or anything else. We would just, my dad's a doctor and so that's where I took my nickname from, Dr. J, from my dad, more or less to honor him. But when he was a surgeon in San Francisco and an assistant chief of surgery there, he would have people fly in from all over the world to learn various surgical techniques.  have lice. But so we would drive down to Haight-Ashbury and you know it would look exactly like you think it would look. A bunch of wonderful Victorian homes. Lots of men and women with long hair. Big glasses day or night you know big sunglasses. And you know monster bell bottom jeans and things like that exactly what you think it would look like that is what it is.  San Francisco, it's pretty much the same year round. It's cold and foggy in the morning and then it gets cold and foggy again in the evening, but in between it could be sunny or rainy. And it was just a fun city. I loved growing up there. And then when we went to Minnesota, like I say, we had very harsh changes in the season from fall to all of a sudden 60 below, a month later.  junior high school to all of a sudden being bussed into an all black high school. And it was a little, not scary, but you know, you were always on edge. So I bet I know how a lot of African Americans or blacks feel when they go to an all white high school, you know, they probably are on edge too. But some of my greatest friends and friendships were made, you know, from that. And back then, you know,  a safer neighborhood because if I got caught in the wrong neighborhood, again, I think it builds kind of a empathy for somebody who would be the opposite. Like I say, for an African American or Asian kid that was in an all white school where they didn't feel so comfortable walking through that neighborhood either. But like I say, it ended up working out great. I have enjoyed  So I'm six years older than Pete, four years older than Paul and two years older than Dave. So you don't know this, but I am the oldest of five boys. I am eight years older than the youngest and everyone in between is two years apart. So very similar. We just have one more than you do. What are the two brothers in the middle doing? One brother, David, he sold a bunch of fast food franchises.  you know, scoops of ice cream and people come from all over the city to his ice cream shops because they over-serve so much. And the other one sadly passed away of ALS. So that was really a crappy thing. My brother Paul passed away now five years ago of ALS. Got it. Sorry to hear that. Yeah. Why? Yeah, absolutely.  If you're not drafted, you can go to any team that offers you a contract. So I had three teams that offered me a serious contract, discussions with a couple other teams. I ended up picking the Bears because I thought, you know what, they have a really crappy team. No, but you know, think about it. It's just like, do you want to, if you're going to join and try to beat somebody out for a job,  do I want to go to a team where they haven't been anywhere forever, they suck, and the linebackers aren't that good, that was my position, linebacker. And so, and that's, you know, both cockiness on my part, me thinking, oh, I'm better than those professionals, which I wasn't. But I do think that you'd want to pick a place where you think you might be able to make the team. If you're drafted, you don't get that choice. You just, you know, you go.  to go play college football. And after he was an All-American and a big star at University of Minnesota, he went down and he played for Seattle, the Seahawks. Then he played for the Vikings. Then he played for Tampa Bay. Then he played for the Raiders. And each time in the off season, he'd come and visit me here in Chicago. And he'd always say, God, it really has a cool energy, a cool vibe down here on the floor.  There are probably every year, give or take 700 to 1000 people that leave the floor. And they don't leave because they retired with a big pile of money. They left because they couldn't hack it, they couldn't make it. So that churn just stays there all the time. So of the 3000 people, 2000 of them are probably happy and 1000 of them are probably churning and leaving and coming back and trying to get  They actually love the idea, not just the idea of getting rich. The idea of getting rich, that's really an easy sell. But it's a little harder to get excited about actually doing this every day and making this your vocation. Yeah, it's one of these weird things where when you talk to people who seem to be successful and you ask them, why do you do what you do? Majority of the people I've talked to,  for year after year after year, that's what ultimately leads them to the success. And to your point, the people who either don't enjoy it, can't hack it or whatever it is, they're the ones who kind of wash out and go find other things to do in life, right? Yeah, that's exactly right. And you can't really, some people will kind of sell their soul to be an investment banker, or some other job in finance, that their heart isn't really in it. And they do it for a couple years, maybe they make just enough  But if you're trying to make a living day by day trading in and out, and all of a sudden computer algorithms are taking all the edge away, it's a little tougher. For sure. So when you ended up deciding to leave the NFL, what did you do at first? Did you go right to the trading pits or what was that journey like and what was the impetus for going into that environment? Sure. It is a very good question.  to be cut, but I was still in enough denial, you know, the river in Egypt where I thought, well, you know, a couple of these other guys left, maybe they need an extra linebacker to hang around before Singletary, you know, what if he hurts himself or whatever? He never did. The guy was like unstoppable. And that's the guy that beat me out, Mike Singletary. So he did a great job.  It happened to be in football, you know, and I was just like, yeah, I get it. He's better than me. And the coach was like, yeah, we're sorry. You know, not everybody can make it. You know how it is, John, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, hey, man, I appreciate the opportunity. Thank you. Yeah, that's awesome. And I mean, look, to be completely frank, right? Playing linebacker for Chicago Bears, no matter how long it was, is one, amazing. And then two, to hang out and meet with  of injuries and things that guys get that I luckily avoided. Yeah, that's awesome. And so help me understand as you decide, okay, I'm going to go kind of build a career in finance and trading. Did you already know people and kind of have a backup plan? Was it like, okay, I got cut and now all of a sudden I got to go figure this out? Like what happened kind of post getting cut from the NFL that eventually launched the career in finance? Again, that's a great  years. So the choices were I could go up there, but I could stay there, but I'd always be in his shadow, I thought. And no shame in that, but I wanted to kind of forge my own path. And so my agent was putting some of his representative players, because he had hockey players, skiers, baseball players, that kind of stuff. I mean, famous people like Rod  But if you didn't have those things some people were putting like professional blackjack players on the floor Because if you can count cards, you can be a pretty good trader and I agree. That's a good skill Um, I knew a guy that could count three decks of cards Um, and you know beat you on virtually every hand Um, and he was banned. He had to you know, when he'd go to vegas or Reno he'd have to go in a wig And things like that. I mean  They tend not to be terribly aggressive. You know, it's all up here. And so they'd put on a position and they'd walk away. And, you know, hopefully they put on enough edge that they could make money from putting that position on. But they couldn't stand down there in the pit and grind it out like the rest of us could because they weren't aggressive enough. It's a physical, you know, back then anyway, it was very physical.  And John, explain that a little bit more, because there's a lot of people listening who have no idea how the pits worked, especially back then. And when you're talking about it being more physical and kind of the jockeying for positions and things like that, like unpack that a little bit and explain what was happening. Sure. Well, so you're in the trading pit and a pit is an octagon, just like, you know, the UFC fights in, except they have steps that go up  but you could also fall off of it. And, you know, so sometimes when traders were standing in their spot, if all of a sudden a trade was happening on the other side of the pit, everybody would rush towards that side of the pit, so, so, so, so, and they're stumbling down the steps and things as they go over to that side of the pit. So the pits are set up so that from the top ring of the pit,  They're at the top. And the brokers wanna stand next to the guy that's actively trading because by rule, they can't trade against their own paper. So if I have an order from a customer, I'm calling that paper, I cannot take the other side of this trade. I have to open outcry it into the pit and say, 55 calls and the pit screams back, one to a quarter. And I can say, I'll pay 115.  the buyer would write who he bought from and then they'd turn in their cards. So all of this got processed at the end of the day when I started. Then as trading became faster and faster and faster, it eventually moved to handheld computers. Then it moved to, you know, at almost light speed to laptops. And then you don't need traders on the floor anymore. Now you can make that market pop from New York  you know, if you're still on the floor, maybe you make a hundred, 150,000 bucks instead of a couple million or 10 million, whatever you could make before. And you multiply that times, you know, two or 3000. So you get where, you know, the big change came from. Now there's almost no one on trading floors. It's all by machine. Yeah. And it's always struck me, uh, at the near stock exchange floor, for example, there's still some people walking around, uh, you look at the old  stock exchange, they have kept a couple of carve outs for the traders on the floor. They see certain information, like the end of the day when they say, well, on on balance, there's 2 billion to buy, or whatever. They see that first, they know it before anybody else. Now, most of them are filling paper, meaning that they're brokers, they're not traders. And that's no disrespect  they're still there. But most of those traders are brokers. Now, the exception is the options pits at the CME. They have corn options, bean options, wheat options, all that kind of stuff. You kind of smile and it's like, oh, yeah, yeah, I bet they're really, no, they actually still trade in those pits. They still have traders and brokers. Most of the other pits around the rest of  if the exchange and the members have a deal where they say, hey, we want, you know, there to always be some open outcry trading on the floor. That's the only reason it still goes on. Everything else can be done on computer. I'm not saying it's better. Having, for instance, as when the crap hit the fan in March, Pomp, and all of a sudden, whether you're trading the S and Pomp,  They know that's coming in from BlackRock or whatever. But when it's upstairs, it's silent. It's kind of like alien in space. Can anybody hear you scream? I mean, when a trade happens in the ether, there's nothing. There's no information at all. It's just kind of like the trade comes in, people interact with it. You don't know how big it was. You don't know if it fell into a guy's lap over on the ether.  of this huge trade they took down, it makes a difference. When you see it in the pit, it makes a difference. When you can't see it, it's just silent. And that's when there's a lack of trust. Things that I've noticed is people who started out in the pits or got exposed to that role when they were really rocking and rolling, they have a very different understanding of markets and market structure. And it really seems like they had access to and understand the importance of intangible  I wasn't around when the pits were really kind of rocking and rolling like that. And so it's more of like a nostalgia thing more so than anything else. Well, I think it's definitely a skill pit trading that's different and doesn't necessarily translate that well to the screen-based trading. Because just like you say, if there's a Schwab broker on that side of the pit  both the trade and the broker are, that it's something different. So in other words, we all wanna trade with somebody who's slower than us, who doesn't have as much access to information. And that differential pump back in the day was Grand Canyon, right? Because it really was, it was huge. You would have guys that had news flows that were found  And you see it and it happens like that. There's no way to get in front of everything from the employment data to the ISM to Michigan, you know, consumer confidence, you know, whatever it is. So to your point, there were definitely people that had that edge, whether it was informational edge or whether it was the ability to read, you know, to know the difference between a child  is that Warren Buffett owns General Reinsurance. And General Re is always the last one to write that reinsurance ticket. You know, everybody else has piled on there and then the last 200 mil, the last 500 mil, whatever it is, is Warren Buffett. You know, it's him doing that. Because everybody else is taking the risk. He gets to look and you know, if that thing's not getting funded properly,  $30,000 a month. Twitter's the next best thing. You got to know where to who to follow and how to get it. But it's there. So if you're looking for certain keywords and things like that, you will find them faster on Twitter, then you will do in a Google search or anything else. But do you really want to try to trade against, you know, basically eyes that are much, much faster than you? And my answer is no. I want to  you're not gonna be as fast as that. I think it makes a ton of sense. Help me understand what you guys are doing with market rebellion. So you had it up on the Zoom background and you guys have been talking about it a lot online and everything. What is market rebellion and what are you guys doing with it? Sure, happy to. We are over at market rebellion. We're basically using the same sort of techniques that we used to train people years ago that were our own traders.  we trained hundreds of our own traders over the years. And once they got good enough, they'd always leave. As they used to be kind of a joke, they'd say Lincoln freed the slaves. But when you're a trader backing another trader, there's no greater compliment than that trader leaving you and going off on his own or her own. Because that means you really trained them and know what they're doing.  I have confidence in you. Here's 50 grand. Go out there and make us some money. And you go into the pit and start trading. And if you started losing money really fast, we'd cut you off. But if, you know, since we trained you, we taught you what to look for and all that kind of stuff, you probably started making money and all of a sudden I give you more and more money. Now, eventually I've given you a quarter of a million dollars and you're making money. Once you've made me money,  and then you're making money and I say, okay, now it's 70, 30 your way. And then eventually you leave because you're gonna say, I wanna make all the money for me. And I'm like, yeah, you should. So you're out there trading those, when you say, what is market rebellion? We took all the same training that we used for our traders and we basically systematized it, put it online and people can go through it, chat,  basic intermediate advanced, we've got coaches, we've got mentors, you know, depending on how much time somebody's got, they might just learn at night because you know, it's it's just a distance learning product, they can log on anytime they want, watch it for 20 minutes, go put the kids to bed, watch it again, whatever. They've got to pass a test every chapter to get through it. And that's not so we don't get any additional money, but  And do you feel like investors in general, not just ones who go through market rebellion, but just investors in general are kind of waking up to this world of now there's the ability with everything from fractional shares to zero cost trading. Like more and more people are saying, hey, look, I want to go play in the financial markets and there's more access, but they are seeking out that type of education. Or are you still have a fear that there's so many people going into the markets that just don't have the knowledge really necessary to set them up for some reason?  seen a lot of smart young men, and I imagine women, that are doing smart trades. And this isn't rocket science. You know, if it was, I wouldn't be doing it. It's trading, like I say, is addictive. It's fun. It's especially fun when you're when you know enough how to not lose a lot. Because that's what it's all about. It's not about  and we've got a great staff of men and women that work with us, but literally we have doubled in March, in April, in May, and in June, doubled the size of the business. And I think, Pop, it's because, you know, I'm not on TV more now than I was then. I'm on less, but I do broadcast a lot. I mean, I put out my own podcasts. I do various, you know,  when I say that. But when you have a bunch of people that are used to typing with their thumbs and checking out their phone all the time and they know how to follow people on Twitter and on Instagram and on Snapchat and on TikTok even, and they're getting all this information, many of those things I just named, you can get information damn near instantaneous. And so you've got a guy like Davey Daytrader,  I could easily see him, you know, I've got the tie on because I just came off at CNBC. You know, he hates the suits. He's always talking about, oh, he's freaking suits. They think they know everything. Some 94 year old guy in Omaha knows that I don't know nothing. You know, I know numbers. I know, you know, airline seats. I know this. I know that, you know, he's just, I love him. But I think a lot of that entices the folks that are, that are at home.  And I'm sure there are some spectacular losses because there always are. Like I said, in a professional environment, like down on the trading floor, we would turn over almost a third every year. And most of it isn't people that are leaving because they got rich. They're leaving because they couldn't hack, couldn't take the pressure, couldn't take the losses, lost a backer, whatever it might be. They couldn't do it.  and think about that. If I wanna make 200 grand a year, there are 256 trading days in a year. So I only have to net, let's say what, seven, 800 bucks a day. If you can't do that sitting in front of your computer all day, moving the odds in your favor, you're at a blackjack table. That's the way we always tell our traders. You're at a blackjack table, but you don't have to accept, you don't have to bet.  that is actually working now, all of a sudden that thousand shares of Facebook, Facebook moves a point and a half. You just made $1,500. So now the deal is, are you smart enough or are you too greedy? You only needed to make $700 a day to get to your $200,000, you know, quarter of a million goal. So take that freaking money off the table or at least take most of it off the table. Carnival's starting to move for you or against you, cut it,  you could be getting 50 to one leverage on various digital assets and on the options on those digital assets, which is risk on crack. You could do all that, but is that the right thing? In other words, I think there are plenty of people who can do it. And there's a lot of people who get enticed into or fool themselves into thinking, yeah, I'm a day-to-day trader global.  because they don't have the distance.  and almost all of its Bitcoin. A little Ethereum, but mostly Bitcoin. I've got a little Litecoin, a little Stellar, but really I'm about Bitcoin and I'm there because guys like yourself, guys like Peter Brager over at Fortress, who really got me psyched about it, Max Keiser always likes to take it.  40 bucks or whatever and I'm like, okay, whatever. I wish you did because if you did, I'd be richer. But I first got involved in about 300, realized I didn't know what the hell I was doing in it. Didn't get involved again until it was closer to 1700. So I missed an awful lot of that. And I didn't sell when it got over 18 or 19,000.  I think Steve is building the business in a good way. And I've met so many, so for instance, I know a lady that runs the Winklevoss family office, great lady, smart woman, Stanford grad, I think she's a chaos mathematician. And I think what the Winklevi did buying into Bitcoin in a big way,  got a foothold that's this big compared to everything else, compared to gold, compared to stocks, compared to futures. But I think that people will, and again, nothing better than COVID pump for people to realize, now it hasn't hurt the dollar yet, but eventually what we're doing, printing money is gonna hurt the dollar and it's gonna hurt my kids,  level of the amount of bitcoins out there, you know, it would take a majority of us that own coins to say, yeah, let's let's make more. And I don't think that's in the cards. For sure. And I guess part of this, and what's really interesting is, we kind of have two forces at work here, right? You have kind of the bullishness and the market growth and the innovation that's happening in Bitcoin and the crypto markets. And that, by  So of course you're going to get the inflation of asset prices. Do you feel like the damage to the dollar, is that more something short term you're worried about, medium term, long term? Like how do you think about when that damage actually kind of comes? And it sounds like you're of the belief that Bitcoin would be kind of a beneficiary of some of that kind of collateral damage to something great. Yeah, well, and you'd be much more eloquent speaker about the topic.  such a country of savers and so forth. I think one of the things that probably hits Bitcoin in a positive way, Pomp, beyond that we're printing money and it's making other currencies worth less, again, like Buffett says, not worthless, worth less, is that I think we're likely to see people get frustrated by things,  I believe in both cities. And then they burned up and down Lexington and Madison and they were obviously down on Fifth Avenue and destroying things in New York where I love to spend time, destroying things here in Chicago up and down Michigan Avenue. And we know that wasn't the, you know, peaceful protesters. That was more or less career criminals that just used it as cover for them to do what they do. But,