 Alright everyone, bang bang. This is a thank you listeners episode. What that basically means is I tweeted out and asked for questions. I literally got hundreds of questions. I'm not going to answer them all, but Plina has so graciously agreed to come on and help me choose the best ones. The best ones, the best ones, the absolute best ones.  compared to traditional interest bearing accounts. There's risk. Go do your own research. Also later this year, they're going to come out with a Bitcoin rewards credit card. It's going to be awesome. Go check out blockfi.com slash pump again blockfi.com slash pump. Our second sponsor is a newer one that I'm super excited about. It's called Choice. They've got a new self-directed IRA product. You are probably listening to this and are part of the 7.1 million Bitcoin owners who have retirement accounts with dollars in them.  the letter, 50,000 people read it for some reason. Business technology and finance is what I cover. I break down the complex topics into easy to understand language while sharing my opinion on various aspects of each industry. You can subscribe at pompletter.com. All right, sponsors are out of the way. Thank you for doing this. Thank you. My hair is wild right now. I don't know. Okay. Some people are just listening. That's fine. Okay. What's going on? What's the first question? Okay. Um, first question comes from Charlie.  right makes sense. Little kind of filler words so I can get rid of those. In terms of preparation, it varies. There are some that I do a lot of preparation, but majority I don't do a lot of preparation. I either ask the guest for specific topics that they think would be fun to talk about. I come with my own topics and questions, but usually those questions, like I know most of the people who come on the podcast, so they're questions that I already had, and the reason why I'm asking them to come on the  And I have to write out every question. He doesn't do that. He just jumps on and is like, let's see where this takes us, which I think is a great skill to have. Yeah. It's just like a natural exploration of who is this person? What are their ideas and why do they care about what they care about? I love it. But aren't you ever scared that you didn't ask them something that you should have asked them and then later gone back and been like, Oh, I should have asked that, but I didn't do my research. No, I just emailed them and asked them the question. The audience doesn't get to hear it, but like I still get my answer. Okay. All right.  So if you think of just the top, the top downloaded episodes, I think it's like Chamoth, Raul Paul, Mark Yusko, Peter Zahan, Mark Cuban, Cathie Wood, like those are the people probably that everyone would seem that they've learned the most from. One of my favorites that didn't actually do as well as I thought it was gonna do was with Keith RuBois from Founders Fund. I've known Keith for a little bit.  yet interviewed. The most requested thing around podcasts, everyone keeps telling me to go on Joe Rogan's podcast is if like I'm just gonna call Joe and go like that's not how it works. In terms of people who want a guest to come on, I think I've pretty much got most of the guests. Maybe Bill Ackman is one. Yeah, well, nobody's asking me to interview Beyonce. Oh, I am. Okay. But I think Bill Ackman is probably the one that  where do you begin in learning about Bitcoin and what are the most reputable resources on Bitcoin?  going to solve in the legacy system. Thank you for that question, Michelle. Next up is Henning. At, at Henning. Wow. What a, so it's the at sign, AT underscore Henning, H-E-N-N-I-N-G. I like this question. If you were 18 years old again, what would you have done differently? If I was 18 years old, um, well, first of all, what were you doing at 18? At 18, I had just gotten to college and I was playing college football and being a  yourself with people that have done what you want to do. That took me a little bit in life to understand that. And then the second thing that I probably would have done differently is I would have actually not gone to class. I would have done that even more of a bare minimum. And I would have spent way more time learning about the things that I personally cared about and would have used college as a way to do that. In terms of advice for my 18 year old self, I think I would literally just tell myself, go bigger,  companies don't work, like I have to have something to fall back on in a safety net. And just like that fear drove me to do things that ended up being a waste of time. Interesting. At Steven. Just read their handle at S O U S T E C K Y at SUSECI. What do you think about a hybrid monetary policy like using a neutral hard asset like Bitcoin as collateral for central bank currencies seems like a win for everyone, including Bitcoin.  And I think we'll see everyone from kind of the countries that operate on the fringe, like the Venezuela's, the Iran's, North Korea's, and they're kind of sanctioned prone to countries that are superpowers, whether it's the United States, Russia, China, et cetera. And so I do think that it'll happen. It's just not the end state. It is merely a step in the direction of eventually Bitcoin rising to be the global reserve currency. At can Jimmy play? Can Jimmy play? I don't know Jimmy, can you play?  much like a venture investment. It's either going to be worth an incredible amount more than it is today over whether it's years or decades, or it's going to be worth very little and worth much less than it is today. I tend to obviously think it'll be worth way more, but when it's a venture investment, what you basically start to learn is you don't want to be your own worst enemy. And so I'll basically allow the investment to play out. I have a super, super long time horizon. I've basically made the investment and forgot about the money to some degree.  and how fast and strong they can do it. So we've seen a complete dislocation between the economic realities on the ground with stock prices. We have stocks hitting all time highs, yet there's 45 plus million Americans that are unemployed. You know, all of that type of stuff you guys have heard, probably heard over and over again from me and others. And so I think the way that I look at it is that definitely underestimated how that would work.  Most companies should not raise venture capital. And not only should they not raise venture capital, but actually the venture capital could kill them. And so I don't know if that's not true, I've changed my mind as much as I've like gotten a much deeper conviction in it. And it's caused me to change certain actions that I take both from an entrepreneur standpoint, but also from an investing standpoint. Do you have a personal one? A personal one. Plana and I have survived being locked up for four months together.  will change a few things but not enough.  quality gap, all that kind of stuff. And so it's the single point of failure in the legacy system that causes the most damage. And so if you can basically fix that or improve it, I think Bitcoin does that, you then can also kind of have the ripple effect of improving all the other things. And so it's the ultimate changing of the system or improving of the system. Very interesting. At Caveman CJ, what is the most simple yet profound statement about Bitcoin that you can tell someone to make them a believer?  just enough kind of revolutionary and intriguing and kind of pulls on certain emotional strings to get somebody to ask questions and dig deeper. But at the same time, it's still accurate enough to clearly articulate this is something that is outside of the system or something that is going to be quite different than the existing system. There's a whole lot of systems that are broken. Just FYI. Okay. Grant's own. What's your bear thesis for Bitcoin? Does unlimited QE  is that there's some sort of Bitcoiners that participate in like a 51% attack or something like that. Again, unlikely, there's things in place to try to mitigate that, but that's potential. And also we've seen in history how that hasn't worked. And then the last thing that I would say is the bear thesis, I'm not gonna put this in the bear thesis category, but it is a potential bear thesis. So I actually don't think it'll be a bear situation. Many people do is outright banning  for a friend. She's not into crypto. That's the truth. I appreciate it. Yeah, Plina one understands much more than most people obviously she just hears me blabbing about it all the time. Two is she grew up in Eastern Europe and literally when she was growing up her home country of Bulgaria went through their own version of hyperinflation and so she and her family experienced that.  It explains the practical applications of it. It helps.  reasons of patriotism and things like that. And the second thing that I would say is war is this really weird place where you see the best of humanity and you also see the worst of humanity. And sometimes you can see that in the same moment or in the same day. And so I think you just get a lot of kind of whiplash in terms of the extremes of humanity. It can leave you very jaded. It can leave you actually very positive on humanity. And so I think that's probably one of the things that  I tend to agree that that's a pretty good way to look at life. Well, I disagree with that. But what I will say is he never gets stressed. I worry about every little thing and you just never worry, which may be your best quality and stress does not affect you in the same way that it affects other humans. Is it because you keep that in the back of your mind? I've talked about this before. I basically compartmentalize things and I evaluate every single potential stressful thing or threat or whatever.  I'll see you guys  the hardest, wealthiest, most successful people in the world for the podcast. And so, you know, many of those people I've met before and then bring them on the podcast, but there's plenty of people who I'm meeting for kind of the first time as well. But those conversations are incredibly valuable in terms of just being well educated and well read and kind of understanding many parts of the world. Another thing is on Twitter, I follow a lot of people and I pretty much have, you know, kind of mentally in a very loose way,  in terms of like current events and what's going on and analysis and things like that. The podcast to me are much more, they replace something akin to like business school, if you will. So I wanna hear people's stories. I wanna hear how they did certain things, why they made certain decisions in the past, how they worked out, will they do things differently, things like that. And so podcasts I listened to are Joe Rogan, Tim Ferriss, Jaco Wilnick, Eric Weinstein, Patrick Gershaunis, He's Invest Like the Best, 20-Minute VC, Harry Stebbings. There's a whole bunch of them,  Plina is going to kill me for this. One of the people who I think is very intelligent, Plina used to write a better newsletter, but doesn't anymore. No, this is not true. He has a great newsletter. Is Dan Primate at Axios? I think Dan just has a very nuanced way to look at the world. I really enjoy Josh Constantine's work. And then there's like a bunch of other ones that I don't actually subscribe to. What I do is I wait till people that I know are high signal tweet them, and then I go click and read them.  very strong mental framework for how they think through things. And actually, another thing would be people that I've seen change their mind in public is a great one. And then a third thing I would say is something beautiful about Twitter is like it's not just kind of your best self put forward. So somebody may say something and people will respond and then they get engaged in a conversation. And you can pretty quickly tell like, oh, that person is intelligent or like that person had a PR person write that tweet and like literally  Matt, 016-71404. You recently went on the Bill Burt podcast. What is it? I thought it was Burt. Oh, sorry. Was Bill Burt more receptive to Bitcoin at the end than you anticipated?  that in the podcast, like he was just learning and was super fascinated by everything. In terms of the receptiveness, I did not expect Bill Burr to say on the podcast, like, you know, screw it, I'm going to go buy Bitcoin. You obviously listened. And then in terms of, like, Burt very quickly grabbed on to things that are nuanced in terms of mining and things like that. So I generally think that people who would reach out to me and say, hey, like, will you come on and talk about Bitcoin? They're open-minded already. There's some level of  this light's being weird, but it's okay. In terms of how I got there, so I was in the army and then I went back to school basically after deployment. And at that point I decided to start a company. It was, we claimed that it was successful, but frankly it was not nearly as successful as we wanted it to be. And it was kind of a great learning experience. I basically didn't lose money, which was a win in my book at the time. The second company that I started then  Okay.  intellectual honesty of like, hey, this isn't going to happen overnight. Like Bitcoin is a multi-decade play and you have to be comfortable with the fact that you've got to work your ass off every single day in the short term in order to earn the right for Bitcoin to be successful over decades. So what I found interesting is that last year we were in Bulgaria and literally my grandmother who does not speak English and Anthony were talking through me as a translator about Bitcoin. Like she knew more than I think I expected my grandmother in Bulgaria to know.  And she knew about Bitcoin and like and didn't know just like oh I've heard of Bitcoin like was able to explain to me like oh my bosses are mining with computers to earn Bitcoin things like that and so I think again like that that's that is an outlier like most people in Bulgaria probably don't know about Bitcoin. No, but my question was do you think that adoption is gonna vary based on geography in different places? Do you think it'll the time the time that it takes to adopt it is significantly shorter in some of course?  And there will be all kinds of things built around it, whether it's wallets, it's exchanges, you know, every piece of infrastructure you can imagine, neobanks, the whole line is payment processors, whatever. But ultimately Bitcoin is going to be the core of all of this. It's already done a fantastic job over 11 years. I think it's only getting started. It will continue. And, you know, I'm pretty honest with the idea that I believe Bitcoin will be the next global reserve currency. And the whole idea is that we don't need humans in order to kind of control  because I believe in myself. Okay, anyway, so we always joke that I there's some products that I use that he has never heard of and then they like get sold for a crazy amount. It's not just some products. Polina has been an early user of like six different companies that end up going on to be billion dollar companies. What are they? Millennial women, Glossier, Rent the Runway, Stitch Fix, Elephant, Drunk Elephant. What was the one, Canva? Canva was like the earliest user.  I have. Yeah, no, totally. And Glossier used to be a cult blog before it was ever a company. So if you knew it through that, you know, also I was an early subscriber of the skim like all that stuff. What's next? Next. Ready? Yeah. Wait, where was I? Oh, no. Okay. We're recording this at nine o'clock. So those who are watching the video and think that we look tired, it's not that we're tired. Oh, I don't look tired at all. I look great. At Louise Guillaume.  Robins at Ludlow Ventures. Blake has been on top of media, consumer technology, gaming, like a bunch of things. And I've always just kind of like, I met him a couple years ago, always thought he was a very intelligent guy. Again, great mental frameworks, really understood things, was very personable, was willing to admit when he changed his mind, like all the things that I look for in people who I think are intelligent. But now he's like, you know, was recently on Patrick O'Shaughnessy's Invest, like the best podcast. He's met  Shane Parrish is another one, right? Like even you, right? Like when you started three years ago, nobody knew about the profile. Now all of a sudden, tens of thousands of people know about it, right? So it's like, if you do something on the internet for long enough and have consistency of high quality, like eventually you get discovered. And that's like a really weird thing to say, because most people think it's like around like old musician or a performer or something, but it's also true of like intellectuals as well.  What happens first, Giants win another Super Bowl or humans on Mars? Damn, damn. I think humans on Mars. Ian, come on, bro. Come on, man. Don't be coming at me like that. Giants are going to win another Super Bowl. Don't worry. We got Daniel Jones, Saquon, Game On. Let's go. By the way, if the Giants go 8-8, that means they got a shot to win the Super Bowl. If we do really well in the regular season, we're getting bounced first round of the play.  my private life. I have zero interest in politics, but I would love to be first lady or president. But what I will say is I believe that somebody is going to win on this ticket. And if somebody put a gun to my head and said you had to run, what would your strategy be? I would not run as an individual. I would put together a team and I would run as like as a team. Well, here's what I would say is, OK, here's the president. Here's the vice president. Here's every single person that's in the cabinet here.  different things or the best, most well versed. Instead, I'm going to build a team that together we cannot be beaten by anyone in the world. Yeah. So, uh, to add to that, one interesting thing you've told me is that when you worked at Facebook, you genuinely believed that the company was successful because it brought in some of the smartest people at the time, uh, around the table and it was able to iterate on many things. Can you talk about the importance of having like a team of incredibly smart people?  so that there's no kind of party politics or any of that stuff. And you basically just show up and you say, listen, here's the deal. We as a team all believe in these core principles and we are going to do everything we can to accomplish these goals. And any problem that comes up, we feel like we have the intellectual horsepower and the experience and expertise on our team to solve it. And by the way, if you think you as an individual who we are running against is smarter than us, knock yourself out, but as the American people, are you gonna vote for a team of experts or are you gonna vote for one person?  the  When I walk behind you in the kitchen. Yeah, like, I mean, like even the parts that are like less desirable are still awesome. I literally have no complaints at all. I say it all the time. It's the most selfish thing I do. I learned so much from the podcast. I record the conversation so other people can hear it, but ultimately I'm asking the questions I'm intellectually curious about. And so it's super self-serving from a learning perspective for me. I'm very thankful that all of you listened to it. Literally thank you. That's why I'm doing this right now. I'm trying to answer as many questions as I can.  What I would say here is the most influential people are actually people that nobody would recognize. When I went to Iraq at 20 years old, there was a number of guys who, it sounds cliche, but like they literally forced me to grow up and like, not necessarily become a man, but in the sense of I was a 20 year old like shithead kid playing college football, going to class barely and like wondering like, when's the next person  edge of like no bullshit, we get things done, and we're going home. And I think that that like mental fortitude or mental sharpness and kind of strength, hopefully I still kind of use it today, but you know, guys like, if they're listening, they'll get a crack out of this. But guys like, you know, Tony Weber, Mickey Lee Stormer, Cash, you know, Cash. I like that name.  And please don't say the identical donkey carriage is on the streets.  a friendship with my grandmother's like 85 year old neighbor who has all sorts of animals in his thing and he always asks about him. Yeah, that's my guy. The second, the first time I ever met him, I don't know if we heard that story, but the first time I ever met him I was sitting in her grandma's villa, not her farm, but her villa. And all of a sudden I heard a commotion behind me, you know, I'm an American dude, I jumped up and was like, what the hell is going on? And all of a sudden here comes this guy, you know, relatively older,  on his face and he's just looking at me and he's like hype. And I'm like, okay, I think this is like a friendly situation. And then her grandmother comes and Plina comes all stuff and they're like, oh, he's the neighbor. He's the neighbor. And they're like, help with the wheelbarrow. Yeah, help with the wheelbarrow. So I'm like, help with the wheelbarrow. What the hell is in this thing? He's like pretty heavy. And all of a sudden this guy, like he can't wait till I get the wheelbarrow down into kind of like me at the door. And all of a sudden he starts pointing at me, pointing at the wheelbarrow and he pulls off the tin and in the tin, underneath the tin in the wheelbarrow was literally  Oh, they paid him? Damn, they tricked me. I thought the guy just liked me. He did. He knew Americans. Yeah, he liked the money. Okay, I see how this works. At Equity Pool, what are your goals that you've set for your podcast YouTube newsletters over the next five years? I don't do five-year goals. I pretty much only set goals for the year, and even that's like a stretch for me. A lot of times it's just a month to six months, mainly because the world changes too much in five years.  to get the podcast to a million downloads per month. We already hit that to get YouTube to 100,000 subscribers, which was gonna be like a 20X for us. We're at like 75, 76,000. So we're kind of ahead of schedule there. And the newsletter, I didn't really set any goals. It was more of just like, basically just keep consistently pumping out the content every morning. And to me, that's more of like a discipline and consistency thing. And so far we've kept that. So, so far so good for the year, but I don't know now  innovation has gone out the window. There's an incredible encroachment on civil liberties and personal freedoms, you know, all the things that you just see people talking about. I agree with a lot of that stuff actually in the short term, but just over a long period of time, I tend to be just very, very long American ingenuity, creativity, and entrepreneurial spirit. And so that's probably the one that right now, especially in an economic shock, a pandemic, all this crazy shit that's going on in 2020, I tend to be pretty optimistic over a long period of time.  and we also live in the most prosperous, safe time in human history. Like if you look at the long-term trends that tends to be good, they look at demographics, like Peter Zahan talks about this a lot. The demographics of the United States are incredible compared to a lot of countries around the world. And it generally is just summed up as like, if anyone's gonna get through this, it's America. And if we can't, then okay, then everyone else is gonna have a really hard time too. And by the way, that's not the case. It's not the case. It's the case. It's the case.  No, you guys ain't gonna see me. I would like go to one debate and I would drop like six F bombs and just be like you're an idiot. And then it works with sensory and then okay. And then they'd be like, you're not invited back. At I entrepreneur within a nascent industry that is attacking legacy systems for finance. How do you position building your brand and thought leadership for blockchain slash crypto and entrepreneurship in general? Yeah, a lot of people ask me about this brand building stuff. Like I don't think about it.  you know, Plina and I have both talked about this before, but like I genuinely believe the utmost form of freedom is to have your identity tied to your personal name. So when somebody asks me, who are you? I don't say, oh, I'm an investor or I've got this or that or what, like those are things that I do, but my identity is tied to my name. And I tend to think that that is, you know, kind of quote unquote a brand, but really it's just the, just being authentic.