 All right, everyone. Bang, bang. We've got Cameron here. I'm super excited about this conversation. Thanks for doing this, man. Yeah, no problem. I'm excited to be chiming in from a nicer setting than where I'm usually at in New York. Absolutely. We were just talking. Cameron is on a month-long road trip and is currently with some friends in North Carolina and they took all of the prime real estate to do  Thought I was going to go down the entrepreneurial path. I'd worked on kind of launching a consulting firm in college. Ended up dropping out though my senior year and got drafted into the MLS. So played for a couple years in Montreal and then in Kansas City. Working on the site as an engineer with actually MLS front office at the same time doing some of the data engineering stuff there. Had my body just completely fall apart, blew out a knee, broke a leg. And once you kind of break both of your legs, you really need to find something to do sitting down. So I decided BC was a natural  A bit of the backstory can help contextualize it. So it was started by Kevin Ryan and Dwight Merriman after DoubleClick was sold to Google. And they started it initially as a way for them to gain what they called entrepreneurial leverage. So they wanted to be able to start a series of companies without committing to any one of them. And this was around 2007, 2008. And I think they were probably at the cutting edge of what would be called the Venture Studio Movement. So over the course of those first few years, they started what have now become fairly brand name companies, the MongoDBs, Gilt groups, Business Insiders, Zola,  And we come up with the idea and if we can develop a narrative that's compelling enough bring on a founding team and fund it for the first year or two to really get it going. It's very cool and any specific projects that you're more excited than than others or was you spending more time on in terms of what you guys are building? Yeah, yeah, so I can give you kind of a sneak peek and some of this stuff that's coming out of the pipeline I mean we've been it's been fascinating to see over the last especially quarantine being kind of isolated I think this like deep thinking has actually been much more productive for us and now  So we're going to start pushing that forward. We're also doing stuff and like I said, we're incredibly generalist in what we do. We're working on a concept essentially in the mobile food space. We're trying to take what we think works in cloud kitchens and bring it to a platform that is cheaper and more flexible and is capable of moving where demand is. Essentially using a version of food trucks and creating essentially a platform for companies, large food brands to launch fleets of them, manage them, integrate them with online order systems.  and the ability for everyone not to have to solve every problem for the first time and just, hey, look, I've done this six times. Here's what you should do. Here's what you should avoid. Keep going. It sounds like you guys have kind of tried to institutionalize that or at least kind of wrap yourselves around these companies. Is that fair? Yeah, yeah. And I think that's a great way to put it. I mean, a lot of the ways in which I like to think about venture studios and why I think maybe some of them go into certain failure modes. I think one of the common ones is right around this institutional knowledge and that the key problem you're solving as a venture studio is one, finding an idea  hiring technical talent, all of these things. I think you end up in a place that's incredibly symbiotic and you're really capable of like one pulling new talent who may have been more risk averse into an area where they can really thrive and you provide the capital and expertise to help them grow. And so it's really exciting because I think it's still an underrated opportunity. And I think Venture Studios, once they start to build this muscle, are going to be able to do more and more of it. For sure. A lot of people don't know this, but I think with Sequoia's very first fund, I think they have like  along with funding. Yeah, I mean, I think people like they underestimate just how much value there is in the creation phase, even though it's so obvious that when a founder owns a large amount of equity upfront and they're able to scale a company, like almost regardless of where it exits post the hundred million phase, they're making reasonable amounts. And if you're able to conceptualize the idea, capture some of that common stock, the returns are incredible. And you're not dealing with some of the challenges of operating as a traditional VC investor. You're not dealing with the challenges of operating in auction mechanisms where  that actually happens on a cap table too. And I think people don't realize that you could have a founder with 40%, you could bring them down to 20% and they still feel fully incentivized in a part of that company. If you bring it down to 10%, that's actually a bigger change, even though the percentage of equity change is less. And so that leaves room and opportunity for funds or people who are building these types of venture studios to capture some of that equity that is undervalued by the founders and not going to the first employees and still create room for top quality people to build really incredible companies.  got a ton of really interesting ideas and maybe onto something here. It sounds like you read Nathan Bichaw's HealthOS write up, which was talking about kind of the intersection of Apple, the technology company and all the things that they could do in healthcare, et cetera. And then you had this thread about like Apple's going to basically solve the longevity problem, right? So again, kind of at the onset, it's like, well, that sounds crazy, but then you got into it. So maybe let's just start with like Apple as a business and kind  So early on Apple's developing incredible hardware first in PCs and now in mobile phones and they were able to kind of create this solution that was successful both in the US and then iteratively and market after market after market and if you watch their growth essentially it was incredibly predictable over a very long period of time where each quarter they're breaking record after record after record and that essentially that cadence was they were expanding to country after country after country and if you've looked at the area  that's kind of been going on in terms of like the broad tech ecosystem is that Apple, Google, Facebook, Netflix, every other social media company, TikTok, every product is essentially going after what I'm gonna call like vertical time. So there's 24 hours in a day, how much of that can your company capture and monetize? And that's like a really finite game that they're playing. And this is the whole Apple services narrative is that we provide you with the hardware, we're gonna be most effective at providing you with high quality services and products that you wanna spend money on and pay your attention to.  I don't think I'm going anywhere anytime soon. Then you're like, okay, is it easier to compete for the marginal attention within the day or to extend the number of days that we can monetize this customer for? Now, how do you do that? Well, this is kind of like the whole crux of Apple solving the human longevity problem is that if they are the ones that are building out the ecosystem of products, like the Apple watches, the health apps, the products, the products, the products,  reflects a massive R&D budget and a massive amount of like short term assets. I think they have $100 billion as of today. What would you do with it? What is the biggest bet you can make? And I think Amazon is saying go to space. And I think Apple is saying extend life. And I think this is like the incredibly interesting high level narrative of the massive tech companies at this point. Yeah. What's super interesting about this is I completely agree that at some point you kind of run out of countries to expand to.  I think it's a pain changer in terms of you start caring about things that you never cared about. Like all of a sudden I started looking at like, damn, I only slept seven hours and 30 minutes. I didn't sleep eight hours, right? Like, you know, stupid that I think everyone before you are actually tracking it, you don't care. You don't know why I would care. But then you do start to realize like, wait a minute, I feel a little bit more cranky today, right? Or I'm a little bit more on edge. Like, oh, I only slept seven hours and 10 minutes last night. I probably should sleep more. And so I think that's like, just by having the piece of hardware on your wrist,  this alert go off, like you could have died, right? And you start to realize, like, I think the kind of overgeneralized tech bro world, like everybody just wants to count their steps, know what their heart rate is, you know, maybe brag to their friends who slept more hours, you know, whatever. But if you start to actually use that data to your point and actually create true healthcare benefit, that is a whole other sector of a business that I think previously people just didn't even realize was possible to access for a hardware company.  funneled into this kind of centralized repository. And just because you have it there, Apple's gonna be able to surface these insights to you. They're gonna be able to nudge you in the right direction. And it's kind of like, it reminds me of like, language is like, once you learn a new word, all of a sudden you see it everywhere and you start using it everywhere. And right now we're getting a new language for healthcare. And it's called, it's like the quantitative self. And it's not something that is just limited to the biohackers. This is something that we're all gonna be able to use. You're not gonna go to your doctor's appointment if you're doing it at all.  one of the few, if not the only large, large tech company that we trust enough to give all this information to because they keep on telling us this is going nowhere. And that's incredibly powerful. And I think that, I mean, I just, I think it's really interesting when you just think about how much stagnation it feels like there's been in human longevity. And I think it's because we've maxed out the point at which our just pure knowledge of health can go. And now we need to help bring people and bring just more information and data to bear.  to give the doctor the diagnosis, right? But the diagnosis isn't kind of a point in time and it depends on what's your blood pressure today and did you have coffee beforehand or did you eat a donut or you know whatever. Instead they could say listen over the last six months when I didn't see you here is your average resting heart rate. Here is you know the kind of variability to that. Hey when you work out your you know sleep improves. Like all of those things now just become a math equation right and kind of a data problem. On top of that though  is big now because you want to have the blue bubbles on iMessage. Now imagine you want to be able to live longer and like you're like, oh yeah, I think I'm probably going to keep on buying the Apple product and I'm not going to midlife give up all my data to switch to another system. It's like, and I think like this is the crazy part is that I think that we're going to get to the point where you don't, you don't choose Android or iOS or between any of these kinds of like dichotomies of systems. You're just going to be born into it. My mom was an iPhone user. I need her genetic information. I need her health stuff because that's relevant to me.  That is like incredibly important because you essentially have the blueprint for what's going to happen to you They're gonna be able to overlay what's going on in any individual incident with what's happened to people in your kind of Past also people kind of across their data set using differential privacy to see like oh, yeah, you're similar to this person They took these actions you should do this and because they can do it in the the privacy preserving nature. I think that is like Incredibly profound and I think this is like where I mean the Tim Cook quote that like what Apple is going to be remembered for for mankind is a health company  the idea that Apple is only going to sit at this data layer and that people are going to be developing the ancillary hardware products and feeding data into it or the primary care physician, all these things. And that's where they're just really going to play and sit. I think that's largely true, but in terms of the cash deployment, I don't think they ultimately get into developing all of the ancillary hardware. I think they actually go into the hard biotech questions. So like, okay, how do I make a glucose monitor that doesn't have to penetrate the epidermal layer? So it doesn't have to go through your skin.  And so I think where Apple's gonna spend that money potentially is on those hard healthcare challenges of like, how do you develop these sensors and devices that are really doing the challenging monitoring that is impossible now? How do you kind of deliver those insights and do the analytics and correlate that data to help people live longer? I think that's where they're gonna start deploying it. I think that you may see them like, I don't know why there wouldn't be Apple Healthcare clinics. Like if you're going in there, you have all your data, you wanna trust them,  have a muscle to flex against. Yeah, and I guess what Apple bought next if I remember correctly, right? Mm-hmm. All right. Yeah. Yeah, it was them, right? Yeah, I might have been Google. Yeah. Yeah, you might be right. I have no idea. Yeah, I actually don't know either. We should have looked at it beforehand. But let's just say that they had done that. I guess part of it then becomes do you as you go through these acquisitions, so eight sleep or a ring, whatever. There's also this question of like the Apple culture.  as divisions of Apple, but we're going to instill, you know, kind of the nuances of Apple's culture around data privacy and things like that. I don't know any thoughts there. Yeah, it's interesting because it's kind of the question of what like what is on the inside versus the outside of the Apple world and like what is the line and I think I think there's like a very interesting kind of train of thought there in terms of how can they play in this hardware game without necessarily needing to acquire and integrate companies, which definitely hasn't been clearly something they're good at or they've done  privacy preserving properties, it would do all these things. They could have the sensing mechanisms that do certain things and those become commoditized and they're essentially enabling a hardware ecosystem using some of their knowledge and doing what I guess Intel was doing for the last kind of 30 years, but in a way that integrates directly into the Apple ecosystem in a way that they control. I think that's potentially interesting. But yeah, I think I still, my gut lies with the idea that they're gonna be going after the things  is going to play really seriously on the kind of the idea of like the the half-life of technological intimacy. So I think they are going to be the ones that try and bring the technology closer and closer and closer to you. And anything that is doing that is something that's in Apple's purview, especially as it relates to help. So I don't see the ordering as being any closer to you than the Apple Watch or the AirPods. They're going to cover like your senses with your eyes and Apple glasses. Do they get to the point where they're measuring things internally like glucose monitoring?  do we get embeddables from Apple, whether it's like the neural link style that the super sexy, like let's put something in our brains. It doesn't look maybe something more like, I know Google's got like the glucose monitoring and the contact lens that they can put. Do we get something in the bloodstream, whatever. And I'm thinking more of like actual Silicon or hardware technology. But then also do you look at something like biotech, right? Is where it's like a drug. Yes, technically that is technology is a different type of technology, but do they ever enter into that field?  of trust that we haven't necessarily got to. Obviously going back to the buy hackers, there's some people doing things like this. I consider myself kind of someone who definitely is super into the quantified self. I would be pretty reticent to put something into my brain at this point. It would have to be very proven out and it's just like, it's one of those things where we haven't done enough of it for me to necessarily feel confident in it. Now, I think that like, I think that in terms of where Apple will get  likely that that'll go first is actually in the microbiome and the gut. I think it's incredible just what a lack of knowledge we have in terms of how food affects us. glucose monitoring is like kind of step one in that. But we have no idea like you and I could eat an apple and respond entirely differently. You could eat an apple after an avocado and I do it after an orange and it's just like totally different results. And we have what I think are kind of poor heuristics for optimal diet, which is like, I'm going to follow keto. I'm going to follow paleo. I'm going to follow whatever. And to me, that's just people saying, I don't know what works.  But ultimately, like these sensing devices or things you could like ingest as a pill that can measure what's in your microbiome, I think are going to allow you to say, what are the things you like taste wise that make you feel good? What are the things you respond well to? And then using the data you gather from the ancillary devices, how does that actually make you feel and perform and all those things? So I'd say the blood, the brain aspect, I think is very far off. Microbiome aspect, I think is much, much closer and potentially where it would go first. If you're interested in the brain, you can go to the website,  I'm just I and I then I think there's an argument for like I don't think they're there yet but I mean SpaceX in my mind has the opportunity to be like the biggest company ever and I think they have a clear intention and invest an ability to invest in really hard problems and as they explore space and figure out what's necessary to keep and monitor a human body in that environment I think they also have some incentives to do like deep investing in research here and so I think it's possible that they also produce products that are in the Spain and that might be someone I would  kind of big brother ish world. But if you trust Apple to make your life better, if Apple was able to, uh, essentially when you go to sleep, it wakes you up when you're ready based on your calendar and the sleep you need. It tells you, Hey, here are certain types of food that you should eat today based on, you know, all these different metrics they've looked at. They tell you what to do from an exercise standpoint, whether it's, um, you know, Hey, look, go for a two mile walk, or it's something where it's like, Hey, look, do an exercise that keeps your heart rate above a hundred for 30 minutes or more today, like that type of stuff. And if you can almost  It's not short term, but it's definitely could be on the roadmap for an afoul Yeah, and I honestly I think you saw this at the most recent WWDC conference that they are they're starting to really touch on that I mean the activity app was was kind of the closest but like if you kind of like go and try and zoom out squint the eyes a little bit they're doing these kind of now the widgets they're now embeddable they have smart widgets that show you information that is contextual to where you are in the day the the news in the morning the calendar at lunch and your fitness stuff at the end of the day to say oh maybe  or something that's totally under leverage. Like, theoretically, you could look at my calendar and be like, what are the days, Cameron, reads, meditates, hangs out with friends, sees family, travels, has a bunch of work meetings, all these things. And how do those correlate to like how I end up feeling, how I end up sleeping? And I think this has been like the impossible layer that we've had to drive, like, are you just using our intuition and feeling to judge? That Apple may be able to delve into is like, look, like when you have a full work calendar and you don't work out, you're in an incredibly worse place.  I almost wonder if Apple could get to the place where it doesn't have to like proactively tell me what to put on my calendar, but if it knows that I'm about to schedule the ninth meeting for the day and there's no workout planned on the calendar, it says like, are you sure you want to schedule this on days where you don't work out and you have more than X number of hours or meetings, then you feel like shit and don't sleep well. Maybe you want to switch this meeting out for a workout. Like that type of, again, it's somewhat predictive, but also somewhat like the experience.  There is like the health component of that, but there's also like a value system component of like, what should Apple be telling you to do? What should Twitter be telling you to say? And I think this is where you get into the, this is partially where my thinking had gone after the Apple stuff, but like, what gets, what happens when you start having these companies that look like countries in terms of your choosing to be a part of them for your lifetime. And, and how are, if you're opting into their value system and Apple chooses to prefer that you should be spending more time with family than  I don't know where it goes, but like Apple's going to have to if they're gonna play this game They're gonna have to choose and codify their value system They're essentially gonna have to have a constitution for what it means to be a citizen of Apple Is the citizen of Apple someone who only maximizes GDP? Are they purely like a Protestant type person? Is it someone that is purely? Focused like a Sweden on on happiness or something like that Those are these are like these are more value choices and that's where you see like oh my gosh like these companies like like I guess we'll stick with Apple but like  What is your biggest, what seems like the least obvious thing that Apple will do, but you believe they will in the next 10 years? Like what's that one thing where you're like, people aren't thinking about this enough, but you think it's a foregone conclusion? I think it's a foregone conclusion. I mean, man, I guess, I mean, it's honestly the health thing. I think it's a foregone conclusion that your primary care provider will be Apple at some point in the future. I think like pre-COVID,  where you get educated, where you get the things you need. And if I think about the stuff that government provides in a system like that or a country, it's education, healthcare, and then protection. And I think they're clearly doing education and providing the products. I think healthcare is next. And the question is, do they actually get into the game of violence? Do you protect these values that you created? That's the ultimate government move. They definitely have a monopoly on violence right now. Last question for you before we get into a rapid fire  bit they have like probably the top wearable at this point in time other than the Apple Watch like have they been able to do anything meaningful of that feels like enough. Then I think the the Amazon question I think is more interesting because I think that Amazon kind of has this ability to sneak underneath the surface and you see what they're doing with Berkshire Hathaway in terms of working to create a healthcare system and I think they're slowly gonna they're the like best bundler like they're gonna start bundling things into Prime like  transactions, they're incredibly good at creating a seamless experience around things and so I think it's possible this they're probably the ones that I would Guess could compete on next that being said it seems like these us he wants to play in the space game and not as much in the healthcare game at least from outward narratives and I think those those are the two big things is like it's like space and health and Those are the big problems these companies should be going after So this is a whole nother episode. So I won't even go down this down the rabbit hole But one of the things that's really amazed me by Amazon  And you get everything else kind of behind the wall and they keep building out value. And at what point do you get 80% penetration in the US of members of Prime? We're not there yet, but that doesn't seem like it's impossible. No, no, by no means at all. And I think that whole bundling narrative is set to continue. Right now, we assume you bundle certain things with government and just given the size of these companies, I think a lot of that will shift to the companies, the Apples, the Amazons of the worlds.  I don't think many other people have read would be why greatness cannot be planned the myth of the objective by Joel Lehman and Kenneth Stanley they're computer scientists and essentially they did a project exploring like what what happens when you give people a set of pictures just randomly generated pictures and you let them kind of choose this one that kind of looks like a circle like a square thing and you click that and then it generates off of that some permutations that look similar what they found is that through this random  heuristic for greatness, then you or I would just be like, oh yeah, great, like follow the heuristics. But if we both follow the same heuristic and we end up in the same place, then it's not great. And so they kind of have, I think this kind of goes back to the Keith R'Boy, like personal anopoly thinking, all this stuff is like, how are you going through life kind of jumping from stone to stone in a way that puts you in a place that others aren't at? Because those are the places where you at least have the potential to end up somewhere quote unquote great, however you want to define that. And I think it does a really good job of exploring it. I'm not sure if they're  on the spiritual side of things is the idea, and I forget who was popularized by, I believe it was someone, a French person, but that consciousness is not something emergent from our minds, but rather consciousness exists outside of us, and that our minds are just something that experiences consciousness or is a receiver of it. Kind of like your fingers feel like they're separate, but they're all connected to something bigger. And if you say, okay, let's take that as true, that I'm just touching in  I tend to think that the consciousness debate is one of these things that once you go down that rabbit hole, there's all kinds of things that you start thinking about. They're like, look, I got to take a break. And I had a professor in college that kind of led it in with so much structured exploration of like, what is consciousness in a class? And I remember kids were literally like, you know, half the class, like this guy's literally nuts. And then the other half of the class is like, wow,  those are the two questions, man. Yeah, yeah, I totally agree. And I love the distillations like that. It's yeah, just really, really cool. And it's fun to think about. That's the whole game. Absolutely. To wrap up, you get to ask me one question. What is the one question you have for me? One question. Let's see. Let's go for one that I've been asking people right or more recently, but feeling on the psychedelic movement and the potential for it to go mainstream,  I've got two or three friends that are like much more into it. So I've kind of been fortunate enough to hear them talk about it, but not really contributing myself. And then my wife got me to watch this Gwyneth Paltrow Goop documentary thing where they literally send some of their employees. I can't, I don't think it was Ayahuasca. I think it was something else that it did. I forget what it was, but they did send it to me. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't  of testing and approvals and all that kind of stuff. Like that's pretty much table stakes. You just got to actually do the test and get it approved. But that seems pretty viable. In terms of like what I'll call the more recreational stuff, I personally am of the belief that like, look, if you do things in your life and you don't hurt other people, like knock yourself out, right? If that makes you happy, like literally knock yourself out. And this feels like it kind of falls under the debate of like, hey,  It's just the kind of open-mindedness as a society to some of this takes time. And so actually one of the things that I personally look at for in areas like this is like, how does culture change around it? So if, for example, do we start to see more people putting it in rap songs or music? Do we see more of it on television or in movies? Like those types of things almost then it's kind of like marijuana at this point. Like everyone knows it's going to be legal on the federal level.  And so, you know, I think that's a very, very, very, very scary. Right? Like you start, you start like talking about the names of things or what they do and people are just like, oh, like this sounds crazy. But then when you actually understand it, you know, a little bit deeper, you're like, oh, this is actually could be one beneficial from medical standpoint and two is no different than other things. So I do think that there's like this, I don't know, the cultural piece is one and the other piece is you kind of got to make a concerted effort to like explain  manifestation of Steve Jobs having started the company after doing LSD in college and building this whole thing. So we'll leave it at that. You got to give us like another minute on how we get there. I mean, basically the general idea being like if if a lot of these things coming out of maps and Johns Hopkins and the various research institutions prove true and it's incredibly profound way to affect addiction and mental health and all these other things. And you have a company that's capable of providing health care and services and if mental health is a core part of Long Beach.  We say it that way, it didn't sound too crazy. And that's the fun of really