 I'm John.  in  platform business, which is what we created was a social network, which was pretty much Snapchat stories and Instagram stories before both of them incorporated stories into the platforms. We were the first, no comments, no liking, no like counts, no follower numbers. Just post your day. Don't overthink what you're posting and get on with the day. There was an option to delete it after 24 hours or the post could stay. The user could just decide whether they wanted to, you know, however  But during that time, a lot of content creators, like early content creators, like, you know, what you're talking, you know, see now is like influencers or whatever you want to call them. We still call them content creators. We're really emerging because of the Vine app. So that's when we went to plan A and instead of going after mainstream celebrities, we said, let's get these early, you know, these early, early stage content creators who really know how to build an audience  as we were there building this growth team, there wasn't that many people using the data that was provided in the analytics to actually inform the content that they created. You guys pioneered that in many ways. Talk a little bit about what was the original impetus for focusing on the data and trying to use that to actually inform the decisions you guys were making on the content creation side. Yeah. Well, when you talk about partnering up with an influencer or a creator, there's thousands, maybe tens of thousands,  more back end stuff and we have access to a lot of different API some are open some aren't open and we are able to You know just build our own internal software to see all right who is really driving watch time who can Retain an audience Who is growing in markets that we could use growth in? So we're not lopsided with just a US audience and we could tap into some of these other emerging  a specific platform. What does that mean? What else can we do? How do we go from 22 million to 50 million? Yeah. And so there's obviously a ton of attention right now on content creators, influencers, right? There's kind of two buckets. I'll call it. There's one that is like more, I think generalizes like the Instagram influencer who just, they take photos, they get paid every once in a while to do some advertising, but it's pretty much a single revenue stream type content creation. They've got a single account. What you guys really have started to do,  now. Everyone is in their own lane. Everyone, you know, one is a, you know, one could be a comedian focused on a female audience. One is a comedian focused on a male audience. One has a very large Middle Eastern market, which the Middle East market is really growing, you know, in the US and throughout all the Middle East and North Africa. One has a very large audience out of Mexico, which is a  could actually cross promote other creators. So when there's a major collaboration, it really benefits everybody. And those are the things that we look for. Those are the first two things we look for. Later we look into, and this is the hardest part in the influencer world is monetization. How do you create, which I'm sure we'll get into, but that's the third thing we look for. You've not got those first two, then you could  quick ways to make money, but there's also, you know, as we're looking into building long lasting careers, we're looking to building long lasting revenue flows. And, you know, right now, you know, we, we get calls every day, we even had two offers already this morning, with just different offers on like, hey, we want, you know, you know, we saw you have this much engagement on Instagram, this much engagement on TikTok, we would love to pay to have these posts  I look at a creator as a micro platform. So if you're a micro platform, how do we build businesses? Going back to the shots app, we never, when we were looking at building the shots app or when we had the shots app and we had over 10 million users and we had at one point over 6 million active users, we never, monetization was never meant to be, okay, so when do we start putting banner ads and sponsored videos and all these different things inside the app  create our own beats by Dre. You know, then those are the things that we think of, you know, how do we create our own vitamin water? You know, and what's 50 Cent did with vitamin water? How do we create these products for each one of our creators? Those are the things we're working on. So to me, this is the most interesting thing in all of the internet, right? And the reason being, a couple of years ago, I started thinking pretty deeply about this idea of like audience is the new currency. And I think a lot of people use that as like, oh,  And it sounds like you guys are thinking through a lot of that same stuff. Has it been driven at all or do you see corollary kind of analysis to what, whether it's Kylie Jenner, Kanye West, like a number of these people have done where they already had built-in audiences and then they went and created a product. It feels like that's a much more repeatable, sustainable business model, given that you retain ownership of that audience, right? And so you can build multiple products and multiple companies and keep kind of bringing  Well, I'm getting 10 million views, so I'm five times more. And there's always a tug of war between the creator and the advertiser. And then the advertiser eventually says, okay, someone at the office says, hey, you know what, you might be right, let's give it a shot. And then the conversion is not the same. Because people on the Internet just don't want to see ads. They don't have to see ads. On television, you're kind of stuck, you're forced. You're previously recorded and you fast forward to it through it.  And I don't blame the advertiser, right? It is the wild, wild West on the internet right now. People are just, you know, I mean, the more yourself, the better your content, your better your channel is going to grow. But the more yourself, the more, you know, you're less political, you're less phony. So, you know, it's not what the advertisers or advertisers want to see. They want to see the picture perfect version of you. So, so I have to try to say, okay, this is not for us. So then where does that leave? You know, when you went back,  buy a product and now that money goes directly to you. Shopify sends daily deposits. So you're literally making money every single day when you wake up. How much data goes into determining what products are companies to build versus it's like the creator's intuition and just personal interest? I think so. It's like creating a video.  as CAA Labs, where they really take, I haven't used it, but I've heard about it, and I know the people behind it, they're very smart people. So they're going in and they're looking at your audience across everywhere you are on the internet and pitching creators. We think your audience is gonna jarred pickles and seltzer water, whatever it is.  treat products like a creator, you know, and we want to turn products into creators. Um, and that's why, you know, I mean, I'm a big fan of this liquid death. You know what I mean? Like this is content. It is, you know, people laugh. They, you know, they, you know, they ask questions. Um, I had a call with their team last week about content ideas and you know, it's like, this is, this is content. This draws your attention. You know, it was like, what is that? You want to know more?  right now is merch built around their content and their fandoms versus like a picture of their face with their name on it. You know, those don't really convert well. People don't really want to buy your name on a t-shirt. They want to buy something cool, that fun that you made that has been incorporated into your content. So then they're part of the following. They're part of the squad. They're part of the, you know, the audience that you've built. Yeah. And how much of this is now being empowered by the stripes of the world, the shopping  do it. You know, um, cause when you right now, when I tell you, you and you know, your audience and whoever's listening or even our creators is, um, you don't have to worry about how to do this. You just have to worry about what to do and what to sell. You don't worry about how, how, how's the Shopify has made it so damn easy that it's not even like, like when we've launched little shop.com, which is our merch site, like Shopify and building properties,  Build something that the audience loves make sure it's of quality and have great customer service like like zappos level customer service. You know, I mean so the person comes back, you know You did all this work to get them to go to the website and purchase and put in their credit card and you want them to come back and those things are what makes it important and Shopify has made it a world where creators can focus on those three things and not worry about  on thought at this point, right? People just, oh, of course I'm gonna have a Shopify. You guys are obviously creating content for all kinds of different platforms, but everything kind of starts and ends with YouTube. And then you kind of go to these other platforms. YouTube has been around a long time. It's obviously got a massive audience, right? I think of it even as like the second largest search engine in the world. But why do you guys spend so much time on that platform compared to, you know, whether it's a new shiny platform that's come up or other ones that are even larger in some cases?  It's available, the product itself is available everywhere. All mobile devices, desktop, all smart TVs, Apple TV Roku, Chromecast, Firestick, everything. So it's available everywhere. The product's great. That's one of the reasons. Another one of the reasons is to me, just being around this for so long, just paying attention to the internet for something,  mess up maps. You know what I mean? Like, you know, these are all products that, you know, once it's there, they don't mess it up. They don't make sudden product changes because someone got fired and someone came in and, you know, came from here and convinced someone that this works. They don't do that. So to us, like it's a safe place. Then another part is monetization. You know, the fact that there's monetization and very good money, you know, you know, I'll never get into how much  less of an asshole you are online. Am I allowed to cuss on here? Of course. Okay. All right. So I want to make sure you use an asshole. I once I said, ask the line, meaning like if you curse on a piece of content, which is what I did. So I hope I didn't ruin your monetization, but, um, but podcasts are different. That's the beauty of podcasts. You just now you can really be yourself, but, but as long as you do, you know, you can make a really good living off YouTube. Now, is it safe  are some of the greatest people in the world. They're the greatest people I work with. They're the people that when they call, I'm not ruling my eyes saying, ah, you know what I mean? Because I get a lot of phone calls, lawyers, accountants, business people, other managers, you know, other producers, all this stuff will call me. And I'm just like, oh man, I don't want to deal with this. But when someone from YouTube calls me, I'm like, oh, they're just, I don't know the culture, how they created this culture there, what Robert Kinsell has done to create this culture where every  that they are not here. And that's never really a thought. A lot of the platforms are really good people, but with YouTube, who we've had this relationship with so long, just that itself. And that's why I'm saying all these things together are equally as important for us to say, all right, we're a YouTube first company and everything else we're gonna build, we're gonna build around this. Cause it's important to be everywhere. You can't be lopsided to just YouTube. You gotta be everywhere. Someone's addicted to TikTok today and it's gonna spend hours  and Quibi's another kind of newer video platform. What about those two? Well, Quibi, we never really got on. I just really wasn't sure. I'm not sure about it currently. So it's just... We'll just wait to see what happens. And as they build their audience, we'll just take a look. And if they have an audience and it resonates with our audience, and we could actually  go. And now I think we have, um, we have like 15 channels and over a hundred million followers on TikTok in just 10 months. Yeah. Like we're, we have, you know, we have, uh, an account with 16 million, one with 14, two with 12. Um, yeah, we have a, we have a very large following on TikTok and, um, yeah, it's, you know, what do you attribute that growth? I mean that that's astronomical growth for any platform,  you know understanding our audience and then doing some testing and going back to our Development team and just having them to kind of take a look at you know Does us does us posting on tik-tok help us in other places and the answer is yes, specifically on Instagram It really helps us with our Instagram girls and our Instagram growth helps us with our YouTube growth So does that help and the team came back and said yeah, we said alright cool then that's when we put the foot down on the gas and  to us, finding us on TikTok and seeing that, oh, I like this guy. I like his content or her content or her as a person or whatever it is. I want more. Well, I don't want to wait till tomorrow till they post again. Where else are they? And then TikTok has that feature where you could click on someone's Instagram profile and it deep links you to the Instagram map. Oh, great. They're posting something completely different.  almost all our links and bios are YouTube videos and came to YouTube. And now we got on three different platforms. Yeah, and then it feels like you guys have done a great job kind of doing this for video. I know that another area you guys are focused on moving forward is podcast. You've built on a podcast studio. You're gonna go kind of build that as one of the pillars of the business. What's the intrigue or fascination with audio and the whole podcast  funny in 15 seconds, show them a bunch of photos, you show them a longer video. What else? You really want to learn about this person. You really want to know now that you're really, you know, fascinated with this person, like hear their brain. Yeah. Subscribe. Now go to wherever Spotify, wherever. And now here, you know, here's a clip on YouTube. Go listen to this person on Spotify, Apple, wherever you'd listen to podcasts. And here's a one hour of this  the different types of content on these platforms. So video obviously is a very specific medium, right? And so you can change the types of content that you post on a TikTok, a YouTube, an Instagram, like there's different links, there's different types of content that does well on each of those. Audio is a whole different ballgame, right? Maybe you can take a podcast and you do a video and post it on YouTube or something like that. But for the audio only platforms, how do you think about a different type of content? Meaning like, what is the creator  an amazing partnership with Spotify that was announced earlier this year with the podcast that we're doing with Lily Pons and Spotify has been beyond helpful as well to help anyone else learn. But the one thing I've got to say and the reason why I even agree to come on your podcast is people who your audience is tuning in right now to learn something. And you know I could come in and talk about all the cool things I've done and all the cool people I know and all the great life that I have.  is starting to put something, but I learned something from each one of those podcasts. I learned, and I learned so much from all three of them, completely different things too. Three different people, three different businesses, but they got my attention because they sparked my interests. And that's what we've got to learn with our audience is what do they want to learn? Are we going to come and Leila is going to talk about how great her birthday party in Miami has been and how much fun she's having, or is she going to actually like, someone going to walk away  whole different side of us that no one's been able to get anywhere else that they're going to get with the podcast studio that we're building. That's awesome. And I think you're right in the sense of because it's usually longer form and it's audio, there's definitely this learning element. What I've been thinking a lot about and I don't have the answer to is how interchangeable audio content is. So for example, I know a lot of people a couple of years ago with like the rise  you think about the creators you guys have or a lot of comedians or kind of comedy focused content, how do they teach or do education being kind of more of the humor side of content creation? Yeah, so you know, I got to find a different word in education. When I'm on my education, you're not going to like tune in and you're not going to learn from Lele's podcast, you know, Howie Tesla is built.  What are the best times to post on TikTok? To go viral. What are the best times to post on Instagram? Should I post videos or should I post photos on Instagram? What should the ratio be? And that's her audience. And those are things that we're learning for each one of the podcasts that we're launching with each one of our creators is what does each person's audience want to learn? In the case of Rudy Mancuso, when he gets around doing our podcast, he might talk about how to direct  anytime soon. I got a couple of mouths to feed. I keep hearing about YouTubers making all this money. I feel like I'm interesting. I've never seen anyone do anything that's in that my brain is generating to to me. How do I start? Where do I start? Where do I you know, what do I do? What what what cameras are these guys using? What do you mean? Like and imagine a podcast that could break all that down for you.  You have the crime stuff, you have these other ones, but to me, that's what we want to do. We want to take the things that we have learned over the years and share them with the world. Yeah, and so how do you think about, I'll call kind of the maturation or the rise of a content creator, right? So many of the content creators that you work with start out on Vine, for example.  Or is that more of just the external folks think that getting on television or getting a Netflix show is a big deal, but actually the creators, they're not even really worried about that stuff or aspired to do that. It really depends on the creator's interest and what they want to do, whether it's what their heart wants to do or what their talent allows them to do. It really depends. You know, we look at our company, you know, it's centered in the middle is YouTube. And then outside of YouTube, we have all these other ancillary.  wants to do. We have Toria, it's one of them, it's been a little bit on hold, but it really depends on what the creator wants to do. What we do is we help them build, we help all our creators build their YouTube channels. We build our own YouTube channels. We have our own completely different original side that is really one to have originals ourselves for the company for ideas that we could create an experiment and then share with all our other 12 channels  other types of content so all our channels together could start growing. So it really depends on where the creator wants to go. They might have some other random idea, but we have all these different businesses within shots that a creator could really do whatever they want. They want to become a musician. We have a whole record label that has songwriters, producers, relationships with all platforms, radio stations. Obviously we have our own video production company  incredible careers and incredible audiences in the tens of millions in terms of content creation on the internet. You also are very close with people that I would consider more traditional celebrities, right? So this is the Justin Bieber's, the Floyd Mayweather's and kind of that entire group of people who really kind of got popular, not on the internet social media platforms, but because of the nature of what they do, they've got to be on those platforms, right? So you see, they've got these massive followings. How do you think about  content around different celebrities, including himself, which we launched his YouTube channel many years ago, I don't remember, maybe almost 10 years ago. And Justin, like I remember my first time, not met Justin, but first time I talked to him about the business was, we were gonna build like a cartoon studio and we were gonna create cartoons with different celebrities. And then right around then is  like the best out there. Some of the apps, major apps right now that most people really love were built by the team that actually created shots. They've moved on obviously not working with us, but you know, and then, and then the app and then, and then when it was time to go back to square phase one, I don't know why I'm seeing phase like it's coronavirus, but you know, but, you know, but plan A, you know, they, you know, they, they were all about it and they were supportive and you know, they've just been real big supporters as both investors  as the same as well. Justin obviously follows all our social accounts when we post something about a specific project. He's always the first to call him. He's like, hey, what is this about? How's this high and everything? How's this and that? You said it's a teaser. Can I see the full thing and all that? So they're both incredible and been thinking, Lloyd invested in the company in 2010 and Justin invested in the company in 2012 or 2013, I don't remember. And it's been quite some time. They've been so supportive of everything.  I can use my audience. Another thing is I can take capital that I have. I can invest it into a startup, a company, whatever, and then I can help them get to my audience, right? But I'm doing it not as the majority owner, just as a minority owner. Like what has that conversation been like, if at all with, with creators? It really, I mean, that all really depends on the creator or the celebrity and the brand. You know, it doesn't always make sense. But sometimes it does. You know, I think Shervin was one that  entertainment money into the startup. And I think a lot of people have followed that path and a lot of people have done it, but some people still do it wrong. It doesn't make sense for a, let's say a YouTuber who has a very young audience that watches him or her because they do pranks to invest in a medical device company. You know what I mean? Like sometimes, but it happens. Sometimes the medical device  I am, what do you mean I'm not the right person? You know who I am. You know what I mean? It becomes this big, weird thing. And then there's all this resentment built in. And I think that's one thing that Shervin did a great job with. I know there's a lot of firms that have done a great job with it. And I'm just not thinking of who they are. But Shervin was always the one I remember really pushing hard for companies that he had investment to fly down to LA and meet with the perfect partner.  Yeah, I mean, yeah, I think, you know, people care. They have audiences, you know, and their audiences are human beings. You know what I mean? Like they're, they're still reading the New York Times or, or, or Wall Street Journal or Ad Age billboard, Toot Filter. So, you know, they're, they're reading these, you know, and people care about them. They have audiences like audiences bigger than more, more people that these, these publications are covering. You just need to know, you know,  this and they did that and they did this bonehead move and blah blah blah. You know, she really does. She's, she's the best. She, she, there's nobody like her, you know, and I've, I've told her that I talked to her a couple of weeks ago and she probably thought I was maybe trying to pitch a story to her, but I didn't even, I wasn't even trying to do that. I just want to tell her how awesome she is and what she's doing for the internet culture right now is awesome. There's going to be copycats, you know, I think maybe, I don't know, you've got to have some, you know, some, some of these publications are so, you know,  I'm never reading an article saying this isn't for me or this is BS or or less suck like they they really so as a reporter Taylor is the best out there and as a And you know, there's a lot of other great ones. I just you know, she's she just stands out to me as the the goat, you know the greatest of all time right now, you know, I mean like she really is she's um, she's um, and then and then to filter as a as an actual site does an incredible job others are starting to copy them but  kind of think through physical products versus software. Yeah, so right now, you know, our focus is physical products. It's something that, you know, because of Shopify and how easy they've made it, we're going down the route