 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Mike here. Thanks for doing this man. We live? We doing this? Yeah, we're live. Let's go. Are you ready? I'm such a fangirl. I cannot believe I'm on your show. This is amazing. I remember I met you and you're just a little tiny little blogger and podcaster in my house and you came by and you have just you're all growing up now and look at you now.  How many people on average watch your podcast through all the different ways? In April is the last numbers I remember 2.5 million people, 2.6 million people. Total views and downloads. No, no, no, no, total for the month. So it varies like the episode I did with Chamas got a million views just on YouTube alone. I've got to do a fucking sound bite. Oh, are we allowed to swear? Sorry. He knows how to do a sound bite, doesn't he? So of course. I mean, it's a,  and I go to the conferences and all that. Before that, I was an entrepreneur and I started, well, I started off as a lawyer and then I started companies. And first company failed, the second company was a mild success. It's actually a fascinating story about venture capital, which I'd be happy to talk about. And it was in the payment space. And then I started a company after company after company, it either failed or were mild successes. And then I started TechCrunch in 2005 because I was living on the beach,  And it took off. It was like the one startup I didn't intentionally start as a startup. And it was the company that first made me some money. And so, and that's it. After that, I became a venture capitalist and I switched into crypto. And so when you started TechCrunch, it was just you writing. It was basically like almost like a beefed up blog, really, right? And then it kind of grew from there into what we know it today. Yeah, you can actually go back and find the first post. They were terrible. And it was me sitting in my bathing suit on the  We were in a house in Atherton, which is in the middle of Silicon Valley, and a crappy rental house in the richest zip code in America. It was a teardown house, and we had interns in our backyard on IKEA desks. The first thing you had to do as an intern was build your own IKEA desk. And then they were in the backyard with extension cords running out on their laptops, and they're trying to shade the sun and look at their laptops and get work done. And finally, the city came and shut us down. And after that, we became more corporate. We got an office and started doing that.  And you think, wow, there are a couple of founders in me and we thought we'd make money, right? We didn't. And here's why. We raised 18 million in venture capital from Draper Fisher, Jervis and back then two X liquidation preferences were considered normal. Now it's one X. And so that meant that the VCs got two times their money back before anyone else took any money. And two times 18 is more than the purchase price. So to not block it, they had to pay us off. And I basically had enough money to buy a nice car and that was it.  or decide not to take it, you have to find other ways to fund that business. And generally, traditionally, that's through cashflow. And so we were constantly finding new ways to make money through ads at first and then eventually through conferences. Yeah. And I believe I've heard stories of like literally founders trying to like show up to the office to get stories. Was that true? Or? One, just to go back to that, one of the really innovative ways we came up with making money is we had a webcam in the office.  Sometimes it got weird, like some Dutch guys, the founders of the Next Web, which is now a pretty well-known website, and nice enough guys, but they had a startup and they decided they had to get into TechCrunch, and so they broke into my house while I was sleeping, and they came and opened my bedroom door, and they had a video camera, and they filmed me, and they had Starbucks, they got me a Starbucks, and they filmed me in bed waking up, and boy was I pissed. I mean, I was very pissed.  I mean, I know the answer. I'm trying to think of an interesting way of saying it. So again, when I started TechCrunch, there was no place for startups. They weren't very newsworthy. Particularly very young startups got no nothing, no news whatsoever until they raised money at least. And as TechCrunch grew, we still covered startups, but we found that like big store, like I broke the YouTube getting acquired by Google. I broke it before anyone else and I had the price that actually put TechCrunch on the map. And then we started doing Google  deal with it's like product time was one. If you remember product time, which is still going. So I actually think the original thesis is actually still a good one. And I think if somebody wanted to do that, I think there would be an audience because there's an ecosystem of young founders who need press. And they have interesting stories to tell. I would never do it again. It was too, it was just too difficult. It's too much work for not enough money ultimately. But I think in crypto, which is the industry,  You can talk forever, but it's not necessarily interesting. You need to edit it. You need to produce it. You need to have studio. It's just a lot of work. And some people don't want to consume content that way because it creates externalities around it. You've got noise and stuff like that. I like reading a good article. So I think text is always going to be very important. I think obviously videos and audio is hugely important as well. Yeah, it's interesting. And then when you started- But as you've seen, you can build a like, you can build an empire with  And I think what we're learning now, just like you figured out, hey, look, the conferences, the webcam, these other revenue sources can be highly profitable for what they are. Now we're going to get into this world where like the media companies figure out other ways to monetize than just like, hey, pay me some advertising and I'll slap a banner ad somewhere or whatever. And what I haven't seen yet that I think Buzzfeed maybe tried to do this is I'm shocked no one's built a media company and then went and built products and then use their distribution to pipe the products in.  I was just, I mean, I don't want to say I'm a talent. It sounds like I'm boasting, but I was literally just a guy who, very important call coming. I was literally just a guy who wrote content every day. And I loved meeting founders. I loved meeting or understanding what their new products were. And that's just what I love doing. And I think obviously you love what you're doing, right? I mean, you like talking to people. So you obviously spend a bunch of time interviewing founders, hundreds, if not thousands of them,  And so that generates a lot of camaraderie and goodwill and and so that definitely helped when we launched our venture fund Get into some of the early like really important deals that really helped our first venture fund like hit it out of the park and so You know, it's it's also just Doing good will get doing nice things for people without any kind of transactional hope for a payoff is actually like Really works out well in the end  world  Reputational issue is important to them when I got into crypto I Realized very suddenly that like a lot of players were not in Silicon Valley or New York They were in Europe and they were in Asia and like completely different like cultures, right and For anybody who spends a lot of time in Asia You realize how different the cultures in Asia are but like when you deal with people from China Chinese nationals You have to like worry about things in a certain way when you deal with people from Singapore  It's been really, really hot in 2017 and it's become so mundane since then. And people like you and I believe it will become very, very hot again. But in the meantime, I think people with these very large egos aren't making any money and they act in a certain way that's just been disappointing to me. So yeah. And I think also you see this in finance, right, et cetera. It's just like, it's a very binary game, kind of zero sum. I would use, and I think also venture investing  Yeah, so either way, it's either surplus of capital or scarcity of companies, but there's a mismatch between the capital available and the number of companies that should probably get that capital. And that's probably not necessarily as true in the finance world. Maybe there's individual deals, but there's definitely a very different mindset without a doubt. Well, and the funny thing is you eventually gravitate to people you like doing businesses. So you, for example, by the way, who's our sponsor today?  price that you bought them, which is a situation I recently came across with some Asian investors with a different company that I won't mention called Deribit. And it was just a wonderful and I also I assume you didn't get a kickback from BlockFi as part of that, which another company we just looked at it turned out somebody else was getting the person introduced to us was getting a kickback. Like all that stuff is just very alien and ugly to me. You simply liked the company you thought I could add value, you thought it would be a good investment for us, you put us together, we made the investment.  specifically for certain types of help that we said, look, we can help in one area, but there's other people who are much better than we are. Let's go get those people. You happen to be one of those people who brought very specific value to it, to what they needed. And when you line that up, I think the point around, you know, one, you get to see a deal you didn't previously see or didn't spend much time on, right? And you like it. So you're going to do the deal. They look and they say, Hey, look, we've got this great investor being added to our cap table. And for us, it's one of these things where like, if you're not involved in the deal, like I would argue that the deal  I was saying, as far as I know, BlockFi hasn't had a bad time yet. But when they do, you'll be there for them, and I'll be there for them. And they'll remember that. Couldn't agree more. Speaking of crypto stuff, like, I know that you have, I think you still have it pinned to the top of your Twitter account buying Bitcoin in 2014, which was not necessarily a popular thing to do. Remember the first time you ever came across Bitcoin or kind of what drove you to buy Bitcoin? When was the first time you bought Bitcoin? I think in  And and it obviously Silicon Valley startup and so I think people started to understand it more and I'm I'm pretty sure the first crypto I bought was on coinbase, so I started an account and And so it wasn't like some and it was more just like hey, let's see what this is Right then. Hey, I'm going to go all in so I bought some and then I forgot about it and I mean, I literally like probably didn't log into coinbase for years except  to like buy something on the dark web. And I never bought anything in the Monero. Like I bought, I don't know, it was like a few hundred dollars of Monero. And at some point I looked in 2017, it was like $150,000 of Monero I had in a wallet. But like the only trace of it I had was a printed out like key. So, you know, that ended up in our fund too. But yeah, it was more just serendipity than anything else. So yeah. And I guess at what point did you realize like, Hey, this isn't just a buy a couple of tokens. And like, I came back a couple of years later and it's this huge thing.  I wasn't fully aware of exactly what was going on. And I'm like, it sounds like a pyramid scheme to me. And she's like, no, no, no, there's actual companies being built. And so I invested in a couple of ICOs after that. And as you know, in 2017, you couldn't, I mean, it would be hard to not make money on ICOs in 2017. So I quickly made a lot of money on those ICOs. And I said, oh, I think I wanna do this more full time. So I had a discussion with my partner  be  investments or is it all more liquid trading? So we're a hedge fund and that's a structure and the difference between a hedge fund and a venture fund is a venture fund gets a pile of money and then spends it over four or five years. Right. I think you guys are a venture fund, right? We are. And then you raise new funds every few years. Um, a hedge fund takes a pile of money. And by the way, when you, with a venture fund, when you have wins, you then give the money back to, to investors. You don't reinvest it. Um, with a hedge fund, you get a pile of money and you invest it over and over and over  And with a hedge fund, the problem with losses is it's very hard to recover from them. So we lost 42% of our fund in 2018. But the market was down 90% in 2018. So we did okay. We fought the market the whole way and we eked out enough gains, mostly in deals we did, to do much better than the market. Even that, you have to make that 42% back before you can ever take profits. And the market still hasn't totally recovered from the highs of 2018.  still love us, I hope. That money in 2018, we then bought Bitcoin at like $3,500. I mean, we had to buy something with it. We got a bunch of XRP as a contribution, we bought Bitcoin, and then we just sat on that. So that ended up working out really well. So we had like a spectacular year last year, but we were very, very lucky because if we didn't have LPs that supported us, we would be, I don't think we'd be dead, but we wouldn't be making any money. So yeah. And at the, I think like end of Q3, beginning of Q4, I wrote a couple of times about this whole idea of like the  Yeah, and so I think I was just surprised in a positive way how many people were either able to raise new capital or trade their way out of it, which I think is overall net positive for the industry. But there was a point there in 2018 where people were down, and I saw L.P. statements that people were down more than the market. They're down literally 99%, 98%. Well, it's which is kind of the most you can lose, right? Like you can't lose 101% of your fund. And so being down 99% is, I mean, it's almost epic.  It's hard to do. Yeah. So obviously a big piece of the crypto industry is crypto regulation. I think it was back in 2018. There was a moment where I saw you fire off a tweet and I said, look, I don't know Mike super, super well at the time, but I said, I know he's mad because you basically were like, look, like I can't invest in the US if everything's okay. Oh, I'm so far. I'm so pissed. Yeah, I can just tell. I knew that there was that tweet came with like smoke coming out of your ears as you sent this.  internationally, but just how do you look at the regulatory front? Well, I think the US, look, I'm older, right? I remember the internet and the internet was invented by America and spread first in America and nobody messed around with it legally. And it grew like crazy. And now it drives the whole economy. These companies that were created in the nineties, right? Google, Amazon, et cetera. Um, crypto is different. Like crypto,  And it's just, I feel bad for the US, right? I feel bad because I'm an American. I want our country to succeed. And I believe crypto is the future. I believe Bitcoin is money and money is Bitcoin, period. And why would we not want to, I know why we don't want to like be in the forefront of this. It threatens the dollar. It's confusing. And the SEC, you know, is always trying to protect people from, you know, schemes. But we need to let innovation blossom. And we don't want that just to happen in China and Singapore  the rules are being written retroactively through enforcement and not instead saying, hey, here's the rules. If entrepreneurs are the rules, they'll go play by the rules for the good actors. It's just like, oh, I did this thing. Now you're going to come after me. But I also have like a letter from a lawyer that says that this was legal and you just get in this weird, weird, weird. Doesn't matter. Yeah. Yeah. You can hire, you can hire scat and arts and like try to work it all out in telegram's case and it doesn't work out. I don't know. Like if you, like,  I know you guys in Asia, but are there specific cities or countries that are interesting? Yeah, I mean, Singapore is like the meeting place in Asia. It's sort of the Silicon Valley of crypto in Asia. And so Singapore is the easy place to go because everybody likes going to Singapore. For those of you who haven't been, it's somewhere you definitely want to go at least once. As an American, I value freedom, personal freedom. Singapore doesn't have that. And so I was expecting a kind of a Disneyland-esque police state. And that is kind of the  Do you see like different types of companies or projects in Asia versus the United States? Or do you think that kind of all of the variations you get are being built in both geographies? I Think if you ask most crypto investors what they really think they will tell you that most of the real science being done In crypto is in the US with caveats there is stuff in Israel that's being done. That's amazing and there is actual science being done  I could imagine all kinds of prejudices as well coming into like subconsciously, I don't know why. And there's definitely good stuff being done around the world. And it just might be that we have a big tech infrastructure here for people to spring from, but China does as well. And it's just a little different there for people. So. Yeah. And so going outside of crypto, obviously the political landscape is just pure chaos at the moment.  and you just want to like break up Chaz or Chop and like just create order from chaos or like how do you view that? Do you laugh at it? This is going to sound crazy. But I am a big believer in life that people self-select into the communities they want to live. And so if people literally want to go live in a place where there's no police, they do self policing or whatever, and whatever kind of autonomous zone they have police. Yeah.  There's other weird places in America that aren't on the front page of every news. No, you can do that. Well, look, I mean, the only problem I have with it really is that people who own or live there who didn't elect to become part of it were just subsumed into it. That's a problem. Otherwise, I just found it kind of entertaining. Right. I mean, it was it was. It's the best marketing campaign someone could run for having police. Right. Like, like, that's the way I think about it. It's like, yeah, I get the whole like people want to defund the police. But the the  for more of training and don't just teach them how to shoot guns. Teach them how to do social worker stuff, all these other things that it's bad because the police are killing people. That is a problem, right? We have to ask ourselves how much of it is police officers or bad people and how much of it is we've put them in a bad position in terms of the way that we train them. I actually think that it's good. Or does the environment turn them into, you've actually been in combat too, right?  Try to resuscitate drug addicts who'd overdosed right? I mean that's it He wasn't they weren't putting out any fires all night was spent trying to like, you know revive these people who were dying on the streets and You know his his main goal was to not like to wear enough protective gear that he wouldn't get like accidentally stabbed with a needle, right? Obvious problems around that but they how desensitized you get to human suffering when you're when you're doing that and so I assume police, you know get desensitized to certain things  I think, I said this to somebody recently and I think they were a little taken back that like this is the mentality, but like, for example, a lot of military members across all of the branches of the military, when they're at war, there's a saying that literally says, I would rather be judged by 12 than carried by six, which essentially is, hey, look, I'm not gonna die. Cause then basically that is the judge and executioner, right? I think the same thing, some of that mentality is pervasive in the police. But what we have to remember is like,  think that a lot of this protesting and looting is absolutely ridiculous and has lost the plot, right? You can think two things at once, like you want to fix a problem, but you don't want to tear down Western civilization to solve that problem. And I don't know. I don't know how to fix it. Yeah. It's a look there. I agree with everything you're saying. There's people way smarter than you and I, who hopefully will, will, will come up with the solutions. But I think that people are starting to, to understand. I'm not sure. Like I think part of the  Perpetual and on the other side I think Chas was probably like one of the greatest political assets for Trump that he had I mean the longer that went on the more ridiculousness around it the better for him Which is why I think you're seeing it just being disbanded now is my understanding But I'm not sure our politicians want to fix anything in this country. I think they're all like getting their piece I think they're all peeing in the flowerbed and at some point the flowers die and I'm not sure anybody's trying to save the flowers anymore. He do you think that  So, blah, blah, blah, all the way down the line. Do you think that that has receptivity in kind of the non-tech world in America? I don't think it's a pointless question. I believe, I voted for Obama and I believe Obama was going to bring this country together and it did not. He did not bring this country together. And some people think he tried. I think, I think evidence shows that he gave up on that. I think a lot of, I didn't vote for Trump, but I think a lot of people who did thought that he was going to be a certain way and he hasn't been.  Do you offload?  telling me people the opposite, right? I mean, masks seem to be not the silver bullet, but darn close. If everybody wears masks, I think you really crushed the spread of the virus. And literally, we lied to the American people and told them they were ineffective simply because we didn't want people to rush out and get all the masks. And it turns out that like any mask, a bandana actually provides you more protection than you could have imagined. And so no, I don't think we handled it properly. And I think now it's just politics. People on the right don't want to wear masks.  Like the federal government is good at big monolithic responses to things after they've happened to try to stop it, but they're not good at like this upcoming problem and how do you deal with it? Part of the problem is it's just a big organization, right? It's hard to get pieces moving, turning a battleship. The other problem is if you do nothing, you're probably better off politically than if you do something and it's wrong. And so I'm just not sure there's a solution other than maybe don't lie to us. So. Yeah. And the second amendment thing, I think what Blue  knowing what to do with them. But yeah, no, it's sorry, I interrupted you. No, I think that's dead on. My buddy literally said that he went to the gun store and the line was legitimately out the door. And he said, I love seeing minorities and women do it too. I love I love seeing minorities like because a lot of the original gun laws in the last century were put in place to stop blacks from getting guns. I mean, that's my understanding, right? And so I think minorities being well armed is wonderful as long as they're responsible gun owners.  Singapore would be another one that would be just against Singapore. I've been two or three times now. I think you know you can't bring your guns. You can't bring your weapons there. Yeah, I haven't looked at Singapore in any kind of real material way or the third place I would go is Italy. See I see you more in Mexico like Central Mexico setting up there like an autonomous zone of your own. I really do. I think that you might that's what we call a cartel.  I'm a little bit worried. And so I think- What would drive you leaving? Would it be a safety thing or is it more of just like a headache thing where regulation or taxes or something like that? Taxes are, you know, people don't talk about the tax situation, but the US is the only effectively the only country in the world where you're taxed on worldwide income. And so you don't see a lot of Americans living in Singapore, Dubai for the tax benefits because they still pay US taxes, right? But you see lots of like other nationalities living in these countries  fairly safe, mostly common sense regulation, government, et cetera, and also a place where they just leave you alone. Right. Mexico is right for you though. Like it's not safe, but you can make it safe with your own paramilitary organization. I seriously think I see you as a, as a warlord in Mexico, like doing quite well for yourself. So yeah, I want nothing to do with that. Literally nothing to do with that. What, uh, what types of things in a crypto are you guys excited about that either you're looking for companies in the  Layer one tokens are not hot right now. We've invested in a bunch of them. Algorand is one we still have high hopes for as well as lots of others. But you know, everybody's right now is focused on DeFi. And I think DeFi is interesting, but it has a lot of flaws and a lot of people are very nervous about putting any real money into DeFi because it's not, it just isn't secure. It's not stable. Like it needs to mature. Also the rates, the sort of margin farming going on right now is outlandish and is not sustainable.  with their stable coin, you actually end up getting like a five or 10% discount. And stable coins that don't have to be 100% backed by currency, they do in the US, you have to have a dollar for every dollar stable coin issue. But in other countries, that isn't necessarily the case. So you get señorage and you get growth in the rate, the bigger your economy of usage of this coin goes, the more señorage or inflation you get. They can actually use some of that inflation to pay back ecommerce sites. So the ecommerce sites get paid one to one. And so it's this virtuous cycle, more and more people  I'm a venture capitalist. And so I like doing venture deals. I like groups of people, entrepreneurs, starting companies going from zero to one. I like investing in that the long shot where one in 10 pays off. But half of our team is purely trading and they're, you know, they trade every day and they do a really good job. They do exotic derivative stuff. They're buying, they're selling, they're, they're shorting their longing. It's just, you know, they, I, I understand more of what they do than I let on. But I mean, right now I'm not that ignorant of it, but like they are experts and I let them know that they're  like the ones that I've seen, and maybe I just haven't seen others like you, but a lot of them have like a hedge fund or a liquid fund, and then they'll do like a sidecar or they'll somehow like carve out into a separate fund, the illiquid stuff. But it sounds like you guys are doing everything all in one fund. We're doing those two things. We, there's some stuff we don't do, but those are the two things we do. And I think that it's, it's good for us right now. Yeah. Yeah. The other thing you talked about was a DeFi. And the one thing for me is like, I was telling one of my partners that  or are you a little bit more bullish on kind of the user experiences and product side of it? Well, okay. I disagree somewhat. So first of all, there's people like Vinny Lingam. Have you ever had Vinny on your show? I have not, but I've talked to him before. His company is Civic and I don't think I'm saying something I shouldn't say. Like he has a, ooh, I might be. Vinny's working on some stuff that I think fixes a lot of the problems in DeFi. But I'll leave it that in case, I don't know why.  anything in the world out of the water, other than maybe handing a bag of money to somebody. And you can't beat that with Bitcoin. But Bitcoin is decentralized, and there's reasons why all of the problems with Bitcoin are acceptable. And if you don't know what those reasons are, listen to your podcast or read the Bitcoin standard, right? But the problems of DeFi, it is the decentralized products, there's so many points of failure.  Yeah, it comes to actually moving our money We use companies like walk by because when you're moving to tens of millions of dollars You need to know exactly what's gonna happen to that money. Yeah, is it fair to say that defy? Is there correlations or comparisons to like early internet where things were hard? They were slow. They were messy all that kind of stuff And then it got over time over time. It got improved Yeah, well, it's like homebrew stuff right and it's fun to do and it kind of works sometimes and when it does work You're happy but you know you're dealing with