 I'm  the kind of creation of asset-backed securities. And so this is like five years after Loure D'Arie invented the mortgage-backed securities. So it was the most fun thing in the world, because you were inventing, with every deal you were inventing something. And it was really a blast. Pretty quickly, my, at the time, boss and later partner figured out that going through the whole process with rating agencies, et cetera, and creating a beautiful industrial grade bond,  I started with a new partner, Jim Costecus. We started Chicago, I said funding to essentially do the same thing. And so before we get to 0809, which was quite an experience, I invented all sorts of new asset classes in aspects of security, only because I was kind of the first one doing it, among the first people doing it. One of them, funny enough, was Precious Math.  And the way our vehicle worked is we match funded our assets, which was quite unique, right? Because hedge funds of course have like, sort of rapid redemption. And most structure investment vehicles had a lot of commercial paper funding, like short-term, you know, kind of super risky balance sheet, all right? And so we had our capital in, let's call it later,  We did a few things with the money, but 80 to 90% of what we invested in was a thing called a CLO, which still exists big time today. Actually, it's funny, in fact, my first boss and later partner in securization invented the CLO back on a bank in 1989. Or the way he would describe it, he exported financial disaster to the Japanese by selling them the kind of B pieces. But what a CLO is, is a portfolio of senior secured loans  the equity, we really couldn't based on our kind of investment guidelines. So we had nice capital underneath us portfolio of senior secured loans, right? So, right, so high yields unsecured high yield can get crushed. Okay, in a like what we're living through with COVID, and we maybe should talk about that a little bit later. But senior secured loans, like these things, initially, we're buying their 50 or 50, 60 cents later, they were like 10 cents. There were days, pump, where  spend five and make six. We were spending 10 to make 100. And then, you know, kind of mid-09, late, kind of late second quarter 2009, I got kind of handed to him like, Geithner's, you know, those stress tests, if you recall that, that then led to a bunch of, that kind of went on the back of TARP and led to a bunch of equity offerings by all the big banks, that completely re-liquified  I know I'm talking at you a lot here. So to transition now to how I ended up at the pension, all right? So I pop out of that whole thing and I go from a guy making 20, 30 bips on a few dollars to really having some money. So I kind of wanted to give back. And you sort of want to use your skillset and capabilities to, right? That's the way I think kind of everyone should approach this kind of thing.  I started writing about that. I even did a little bit of TV, which worked out quite well, because I kind of got the nerves out in local TV and for sort of what happened later on. And then, so Bruce Rauner gets elected governor and he asked me if I want to serve on the pension, which we of course chatted about previously. He knew what the answer would be. And so that starts in 2015. So it's really, that's kind of how I got started there.  We got to try and dig ourselves out of this hole, but how does that happen? Okay. So first off, so Illinois has three large state pensions at the state level. Then there's a bunch of local pensions. So throughout kind of the government world, like a local police force might have its own pension. Now, normally with teachers, there's usually a unified pension per state, which is why places like Illinois  the way it should work and the way it really hasn't, maybe it has in certain places, certainly not in Illinois, is then in a methodical way, okay, the state would match that contribution, okay? And that money, so that money's getting collected throughout a career and it gets invested professionally, hopefully. And by the way, the problems and pensions really, I would all, I really say this across the country, the problems and pensions really hasn't been on the asset side.  They don't quibble at all. They're trying to get as much money as they can for the people they represent. And on the other side, you had buffoons. You had like, come on, dude, have a calculator later. So no math on one side and perfect math, perfect math on the other side. So what happened was the promises could have never been kept. And then you add on that the tonic, which we're all very familiar with. And this happens big time  And here's the thing, as your viewers know extremely well, when you start compounding, okay, and you take a holiday in like 1997, all right, 2020 comes along, you're 23, I mean, you compounded that, that's how you end up at 40% funding. And so really what you're talking about here is you've got multiple sources of inflow, right? So you've got the employees paycheck, there's a portion of that that's an inflow, the state or the state,  that too was when we took the employee's capital and put it into the pool, the states didn't provide 100% of what they should have provided. And now you kind of have a double win. So just starting out the pool of capital that the investment team at the pension has is lower than what they should have had. And also the expectations of what they need to deliver are merely impossible given what the union was able to negotiate. Is that kind of a fair setting of the scenario? That's exactly right.  to take a further step back, the $24 billion that Isby manages now, which is about what it managed a year ago when I left, a little over a year ago. When I got there, we managed 18 billion. So we had a nice four year run. We didn't do stupid things and we did some good stuff. And although I think really the great things we did are even more so sort of in the future. We'll talk about kind of rankings and kind of the evidence of the success we had. But the other piece of it is,  is you sort of hope to stay in the same place. So that occurred and that's kind of where we are. Okay. And so what was the actuary rate of return? And for those that don't know, actuary rate of return basically is there's an outside group that comes in and would say, Mark, you, the board, the investment team, you guys need to hit 7% or whatever the number is every year for the next, you know, 10, 20 years. And if you do that, we can compound this money at a rate that will make sure we have enough to pay out the liabilities  The biggest joke of this is that, and this is, you know, shame on the accountants, I think big shame on the accounts is that that rate is determined based on an expected rate of return on the assets. Okay. We are at the time, right? 30 to let's, you know, 30 to 40% funded. We don't have assets. We don't have assets. So we're using a rate of return on assets and we don't have assets and the accountants are okay with this. Like, in fact, the accounts force you to do that.  what comes out of those collective bargaining negotiations and contracts is actuaries absolutely can estimate what the stream of cash flows are required. Okay. And by the way, that's, so that's a number that I would always use. I say, look, you want to just get 80% that's your freaking business. Okay. I'm not doing that. I'm going to just add the cash flows, which by the way, in Illinois is about is between kind of $550, $600 billion with about $90 billion set aside. Okay. Right.  the structural issues or aspects of the financial system and kind of the inflating through QE, et cetera, of those asset prices over a full decade, do you kind of contribute the fact that pensions have done better at keeping up versus is there some other change that pensions have had in terms of they've gotten smarter or they've changed their strategy or is it literally just, hey, we got in the right position and the market kind of carried us from there? No, no, no. So I don't really think it has anything to do on the asset side or inflation side.  and so tax revenues grew and so what what what governors Quinn, Rauner and now Pritzker all did, you got to sort of tip your hat to them, is you know, you would have liked to see them reform the pension because you can never really catch up. But what they did do was they took kind of all the the additional kind of tax revenues, starved to the rest of state government, which which may or may not have been a good idea. And probably not.  and they give them the money. And there's all these questions about fees and structure and risks they're taking and kind of all the things that come with who are we giving our money to and what is the probability that they're gonna give us back a great return. You took a very different approach and one that I think now has become one replicated in other places, but two also more and more people are starting to say, wait a second, like that may be something that makes a lot of sense. So let's talk through just kind of at a high level, like what the philosophy of the investment strategy is  Now within, so that's kind of the top of the stack, let's say, are the asset classes, then sub asset classes. And then how do you get those invested? Most pensions allocate, invest that money, which we'll call allocating, okay? Invest that money through third party managers, that is smart. That is a smart way to do it, okay? That is smart, if I didn't mention it three times already.  is a developer and you know, you're laughing. I'm laughing because I've read the stories. I know it happens. So, but like, when, so, so when you took over, right, there's 24 or 18 to $24 billion somewhere in there. Uh, you guys are actually not doing well. Third, third percent or quartile of performance. And you basically, from what I understand, walked in and just started saying, look, let's get into kind of a, just start slashing fees, make sure that we're not spending a bunch of money to actually  I was willing to really kind of get in. I was going to be, you know, I was soon to be elected chairman. But I mean, what are you going to do with two or 300, you can't possibly wrap your arms around it. And really, we should be focusing on the top of the stack on allocation. And so right away, you know, I often say I had no preconceived notions on things like hedge funds, private equity, credit, you know, opportunistic credit, real estate, et cetera. But I did have a lot of  about indexing is once you take that allocation to top of the stack, I was telling you about public market equities, domestic, right? Domestic internationally, right? If you do index, there's nothing to do. Like you're done. You don't need a staff. You don't need, the board doesn't need to discuss it. You are going to get the market return, right? And there's all this attacking of, you know, that it's terrible and you end up owning a bunch of stuff. I mean, look at the assets that to this day are the concentrations in the SB55.  I'm driving somewhere I get a call and I don't recognize the number of it. It's a lobbyist It's a lobbyist Calling me about some manager that they hear that we're gonna be you know, reducing shortening the yeah simplifying the manager roster and I'm like, do you realize you're calling me is a material piece of data Right that will support getting rid of your whoever you're calling me about. Please don't tell me the name like are you kidding me?  you said it already, right? Like the goal is do we get the asset allocation right? Meaning we're going to take 10% put in real estate. We're going to put 60% in stocks. We're going to put in, here's how we break it down across all the different indices, whatever it ends up being. Most people will then spend tons and tons of time on, well, which manager do we select within this bucket? Well, you're basically making the argument for it. And you guys did was you basically said, look, if most of people aren't going to beat the industry benchmark, then why don't we just invest in the industry  We can at least terminate the four that are on watch and have been on watch for a year or more than a year. So sure enough, of course, the media was there and there was a, you know, articles were later, yada, yada, which I think actually to me, they, I think start out as hit pieces. They made us look terrific. But here's what I noticed though. So in the investment committee meeting, when we were really getting into the guts of this, one of the trustees on the other side of the table, I mean, got pretty pissed of like, you know,  entered the room, lots of heat. And then, so at one point, the vote was gonna be the vote and the vote ended being six to three, and eight to one actually on a couple of determinations. So this trustee sits, finds, sits down, it's like, all right, Mark, what are you putting the money into? And I'm like, it's gonna be indexed. And all the heat came out of the room. And that's what gave me the idea to write that first Wall Street Journal op-ed. Indexing not only is a total  I never once suggested that wasn't the case and it wasn't the case. They were just kind of a little under their benchmark. At best they'd be at their benchmark. And I was just trying to simplify things and that's where it ended up. And so by indexing, you take the insult out of it. And the other piece of this, Tom, is, actually, so there's a professor actually is at Arizona State, Sunil Wahal, who I quoted a couple of times in some of my materials has done great, great academic research  And you're just running on a treadmill. You're wasting your time. And I think that maybe it was Nevada is where there was a CIO and he not, and he like fired every, like literally the entire investment staff and he like put, I don't remember exactly, like 80, 90% of the capital was all in indexes. And then he would just kind of check on it like once a week. And the article I read kind of made it seem like, you know, it had a pretty easy life, right? He was managing quite a bit of money. So yeah, so I spent some time with him actually.  And he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a, he wrote a  of the 0.1% kind of there's probably three asset managers in each category. Unless you're an LP in those funds that are the absolute cream of the crop, anything else, you're better off going into the index for all the reasons that you described, right? It's kind of like that there is some 0.1 of 0.1% that is that cream of the crop, everything else indexing, and you're pretty much golden at that point if you get the asset allocation, right? Is that fair? Yes, that is absolutely fair. And the first thing I always say is,  Remember we're $24 billion, like we have access to various resources and had an approach that we believed in, which we'll get to soon, right? This outsourcing model. But there's nothing wrong with indexing. That's of course what like Nevada does, like index 90% of portfolio and 10% equity. And by the way, when I met him, he's like, I'm not sure about that 10%. But anyway, if I could riff a bit on public market equity,  right from sort of doing things on the periphery, which by the way would include just hiring any active manager, where you end up so far from normal equity returns that it's actually kind of super material to return to the fund, right? So I think you start off with a big chunk of passive no matter what. Then I lay around top of that kind of three different sort of three areas. First would be factors, right?  you can invest in factors actually very, very inexpensively. And by the way, there's ETFs, et cetera, for individual investors. We could pay like two bits to BlackRock or something like that, which is free. And half that goes to the licensing, the other factor. And so there's two things I like about factors, not to do a ton of, but to maybe do 10, 15%. Number one, it's a nice diversification off of your market.  There's nothing wrong with having a view. What you want to make sure is there isn't a view accompanied by a brother-in-law who happens to manage money in a way that is consistent with that view. So factors give a staff and a board a very systematic way to sort of express views. So that's factors. Part two, which we did, and so I'm going to sort of change the order.  But idiosyncratic investors who are absolute, all they're looking at is absolute return, okay, and concentrate. They will tend to concentrate like crazy. Chris Han, which is TCI, might have two names in his top 50, half his portfolio. He does that all the time, okay? And so that's something that we did quite a bit of. We did that, it drifted over to technology, which is where innovation. So the other piece, which we didn't do  the next 10 years, they're going to move from on-prem to cloud. So that's a theme, biotechs. There's all sorts of different things. And right now a theme is COVID, right? So it's funny, I see like these ETFs with like COVID ETFs, bullshit marketing, pardon my language, where they're investing these vaccine manufacturing, no, no, no, a COVID portfolio is cruise lines and real estate, like come on guys. So anyway, so that's up to me, a public market portfolio.  technology and innovation. And so maybe kind of talk a little bit about how you kind of arrived at technology and innovation being that theme and then what you guys tactically did to get exposure in technology and innovation. Okay. I wish I could tell you I'm a total genius and right in the staff. What we did was we had, so we, as I said, when we started, you know, we had actually 80 hedge fund managers when I started  the rock creek portfolio. And there was a little bit of nudging from me with the folks over there, come on, let's concentrate. I don't want you to have 16 managers. That's too narrow, narrow, narrow. And that's where some of these idiosyncratic guys, again, like a TCI, a Parvus, but also some managers. So these are managers that were in a portfolio for quite a while.  I'm like cracking jokes. I'm like, oh, yo, thanks for investing in Google for us. Like, I don't think we could have spot. I don't think we could have spotted that one. But the truth of the matter is it was great that they had these big, big overweights across tech, across technology. And in fact, going into small cap as well. Yeah. And so one of the things that's really interesting to me is, uh, and we've talked about a million times in the podcast of just the best performing institutions, whether they're foundations, down meds, pensions, whatever it is, uh, they tend to be overweight innovation like you're talking about here. And normally  What does that look like? Are we talking 5, 10% or are we talking getting to kind of 20, 30% in venture capital? Like where do you think for a conservative organization like a pension is actually realistic if they want to be over a way that they could get to? Right, so for starters, as far as venture capital goes, you're exactly right that the endowments and Yale of course is the poster child of this, right? That going back 30, 40 years, right? What happened I think I assume was a lot of these venture capital firms  with a heavy venture capital. So the problem though, which you sort of touched on is that public pensions, so the great venture capital funds are one of two things. They might be sort of larger guys and those guys, even a guy who's raising half a billion billion dollars, he wants to do it $10 million at a time. He doesn't want to be dependent on one source. So that's number one. So you can't get big dollars out if you can get in. And by the way, we worry about  But the result of our decisions, we're more in the public market space, which by the way, there's amazing, like, I don't know that it's any worse. I mean, the right if you're focusing on a micro small cap public right public market portfolio on the innovation front. Makes sense. And then I guess one of the things that people are paying attention to now, and we've had a lot of asset managers come on and talk about it, but nobody from the pension side is there is complete  the way a pension thinks about allocating their capital. Okay, so I'm really glad you asked that. The most important thing, I've talked about this so much, like over the years, the most important thing, whether you're, frankly, whether you're a pension, an endowment, like frankly, an individual is you, the way to win at investing is to be a long-term investor. By the way, in this innovation space, God help you, God help you if you think you're gonna like daytray,  to understand that they are, right, they are a long-term investor. It's a long game. And what matters in 2020 really isn't that decisive, right? It's what, the way the world looks in 2050. And I sort of feel like you have to be optimistic. And I am actually extremely optimistic. And the reason why I'm so happy you asked this is this fixation on, and I'm sure I'm going counter now to many of your guests,  whatever asset is your Bitcoin and whatever asset you're talking about. So what that volatility, first of all, there's standard deviation normally is measuring this daily volatility that in eight out of every nine quarters is completely irrelevant. And then gets maybe gets relevant in like the quarter we just ended.  a month down, a month, oh my god. And, but even that, it's, it'll end up being transitory because it's all about what the earnings are, what the power of the economy and these companies you're investing in are the real estate projects that you build or invest in in 2040 and 2050. Okay, that's, that's the game you're playing. Right. And so this, if I might riff a bit here, hedge funds, the reason for hedge funds are,  right, and fees have come down a bit. It's like it's still a total waste of time. But they dampen volatility. It's like we have bonds for that. There's all sorts of things for that. And you know what? Even if you believe in having a diversifying strategy, as like I talked about with factors in the Public Market Equity book, you're having a 5%. It's like we pay our bond guys like eight basis points. Like that's what it's worth.  And what you're basically talking, this is always something that, and we'll talk about Bitcoin here in a second, but like this is always my point when it comes to Bitcoin, when people say, oh, Bitcoin's too volatile, right? And I always use kind of two examples. Let's say one, volatility is not a negative thing. You need volatility to drive returns over long periods of time, right? So if something's not volatile, you'll never get a return from it. And yet, you're not going to get a return from it. And so, you're going to have to be able to get a return from it.  basically if you have high concentration and there is volatility, the shorter your timeframe that you're looking at, the more likely it is you're gonna see a bad quarter, a bad week, a bad month, whatever it is, but over long periods of time, if you made the right asset allocation and something is hyper volatile, you should see a very large appreciation. And it's actually probably likely to be one of your best performance in your portfolio, right? I agree 100% with every word you just said. Okay, so why should tension  Let's carve this up into various parts. So I do want your audience to know, I'm actually a friend in this, although there may be some things I say that aren't exactly what you want to hear. So Bitcoin really isn't ready yet for sure to be a full blown kind of asset class. So almost view it like an assembly line,  to make your decisions, okay? So within the asset classes that you've established, and when I think about it, there's sort of several different asset classes you could imagine Bitcoin going in, and we'll get to that in just a sec. So the way this would work is first, some managers would put some Bitcoin in, it'll need to do well. Unfortunately, like the ball, this is the way it is, pal. Like, if, right, so if a manager puts in some Bitcoin and it drops by 50%,  assuming it was appropriate within their mandate, had invested in something like Bitcoin, I wouldn't have been upset at all. Not at all. I was, hey, dude, it's on you. And by that, it's kind of the way you need to operate. Right? I mean, you've got, again, a lot to manage. You can't fix A2. All right. So next up, would, so we're talking about sort of an assembly line or funnel where everyone would call it. The next stage, in my view, would be, does  to do this, okay? I'm going to do this. And the asset classes I think about there, commodities feel good to me. But of course, the funny thing about Bitcoin is if guys like you are right, and the $7.5 trillion gold asset, right, is ready for this, like, right, and you got a 30Xer of value discrepancy in store of value. It's funny, that I don't think I need to explain to your audience.