 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got them back. Mr. Douglas Bonaparth, how are you? Doing well. How are you doing? I'm ready to go. You got your coffee hat on. You are the coffee connoisseur. And also, you have a side business maybe helping people with their finances as well. For those that didn't listen to the first episode we did together or don't know you, for the very few,  Let's just start off maybe with like, how has your world changed or what are the conversations been over the last, you know, 12, 15 weeks where there's just incredible uncertainty, chaos, volatility across all these markets? Yeah, so I'll never for the rest of my career life forget March, particularly, you know, that's really where the action came on the down stroke. So that was what I had been preparing for. I don't know if it was  to mitigate a lot of the things that I experienced. I go with a younger clientele who's not really worrying about retiring in a couple of years. So a lot of the money we manage is really long-term, two, three decades. So right then and there, I know a lot of my clients through the training that we've given them and through the fact that a lot of their money is qualified and long-term, I'm not gonna have a lot of that big concern. They know they can write out volatility, even severe shocks like what we saw on a 33% drawdown top to bottom.  say again my clients are like me, you know mid to late 30s, a kid or two now you know stuck at home with them. Truth be told I'm not at the top of the priority list right now especially since a lot of the money is long term and we do most importantly comprehensive financial planning. So everything's written down, they have their plan, no one's calling me up panicking in the middle of night even as prices are falling or stocks are falling. So again just a mixture of all of those things have  and the good times. And so what were the concerns? They're not freaking out in the sense of like, hey, I need the money in a year, right, or anything like that. But like, what were people worried about given given that there was just uncertainty? So I think it was simply a matter of getting back to organization. How is this going to ultimately impact the big picture? And look, that is still a pretty luxurious conversation to have when you're saying, all right, how does this change my prospects for retirement, which is still a  the bad times. I distinctly remember writing a monthly newsletter around that theme right there. As a matter of fact, like I walk a fine line between like worrying clients just the right amount when things are really good. So they revisit planning, they revisit their cash reserve. It's not because I want to say told you so. It's because when it happens, they're prepared. And I think the biggest thing really was stat cash. You know, I'm not here to talk about loving cash as an asset.  your income poof vanishes or gets cut by 20, 30%. No one was worried about their ability to get from February to now June. And this market's pretty crazy, the economy, no one really has their finger. I mean, people are getting hired and buying homes. I've yet to see someone be unable to sell their home and buy a home in this crazy time, which is kind of unfathomable. And then again, you have people losing jobs, economy, on the other hand, is just in shambles.  this is just a scaled up extreme version of what always is. Like it's easier to say, you know, back before COVID, like, oh, you know, this happened because of this, of course. So now scale that up, like, everything should be falling apart. I think we've been saying that for literally 100 plus days. And, you know, either on a day by day, week by week, month by month, if you're just looking at the markets, people are like, what is happening? I don't know how many  and like want to see it, then you got the other side. So we play the same game. We played pre-COVID as we are right now. It just seems a lot more extreme. So one of the things that the virus has done is it's kind of exposed a lot of shams in society and then it's also magnified a lot of trends that were already underway. And you recently wrote this blog post about access without knowledge is dangerous. And what specifically we're talking about is kind of a macro trend of the barriers to entry and friction  community is what we see going on with Robinhood traders, your Pajama traders fueled by Wall Street Bets and Dave Portnoy and all the ruckus taking place right now. Stocks only go up. If you miss the dip, you're an idiot. Warren Buffett's out. Every hedge fund guy who's made it in the Hall of Fame out, the new kids are here. We're taking over. That's probably said how many times over every decade. This isn't new, but what is new is the level of access that is now being provided  And so, the fundamental knowledge necessary to control that, you can really put yourself into some precarious situations. And it reminded me a lot of what was going on with student loans. So my wife and I wrote a book almost three years ago now called The Millennial Money Fix, which was about the student loan crisis. I watched her take on multiple six figures in student loan debt to go to law school, where it was pretty much like, hey, if you take out the debt, pay for this education.  fall into what seems to be a trap. Obviously we couldn't have called the great financial crisis or the financial recession in 2008, but it created this idea that access, in this case education, and access to student loans, debt, without understanding how you're going to get an ROI on that education. We're actually doing due diligence and critical thinking about it. It's not hard to do that. It's just you're throwing the promise. You're going to get a job. So we examined that.  So you know what your savings rate is and you know where you're able to save and you know the goals you're saving for and then prioritizing those goals. We call this earning the right to invest. I want people to essentially earn the right to invest, equip themselves with the foundational knowledge that they need to then go invest and do so, not just responsibly, but do it in a way that they can stay invested. I want you to stay in. I want you to make money. I'm thrilled, absolutely thrilled. Anyone would go into the markets and come out and do it.  financial goals. That's the pain point. And when you're young, you're not thinking about your financial goals. You're really not. You're young. I get it. You know, you and I have both been in that position. You feel invincible. You want to go explore and travel. I want you to do those things too. But I don't want you to blow yourself up so that you can't retire someday, that you can't build an emergency fund, that you can't buy a house because you're going to get married and you want to have kids. I mean, these are evergreen goals that we almost universally share as human beings and Americans.  the cash balance for the options trading that they were doing. And which made the story even all that more sad is they weren't in the hole $730,000, which by the way would have dramatically and you know, would have changed anyone's life. How are you coming back from that? Even though there are actual remedies to help yourself there. It's the saddest story you could possibly paint in this situation. And you know, we were just talking about extremes earlier. Okay, that's an extreme. But what  You know that a media mogul is saying stocks go up It doesn't help and he doesn't get his marketing. That's marketing You know, I dunk on the robin hood traders for marketing just myself I'm not going to be a hypocrite about that But i'm doing it to then bring that attention over to the actual financial literacy, you know people say well What you know, that's not nice. You're just jealous. You miss the dip like that's the response. Like I assure you I did not but What I want you to do is understand that this is cool. This is very  Right. Like to your point, like the education component is the explanation of that. Right. And so it's this weird thing where, um, the structural, uh, components of the stock market are working in the favor of asset prices going up. Um, and so of course, whenever there's high level of volatilities and anyone who's long can just literally wake up and keeps making money, uh, it pulls everybody in because everyone wants to get rich quick, right? And so I guess as part of this, like,  a lot of the things you just said are components to solving this. And it's a massive problem. And I sincerely doubt that me as one person has all the answers, but I do have an idea towards some of the things that can be done to help solve this problem. I think you get a big calling from a lot of people that we know to put financial education and literacy programs in schools. You'll take AP statistics, but you can't,  that how about just showing you like, hey, before you do this, before you hit trade, here's max up, here's max down, are you sure? Show people that and you brought up a good point. What's their incentive to do that? They're not fiduciaries. Now I'm not gonna go as far as to say like, are they putting people in collections and going after assets? Like they literally have an incentive to watch them fail so they can go get stuff. I'm not saying that. I'm saying they don't have an incentive because they're not a fiduciary.  clients that use Robinhood to take five to 10% of their investable money and go nuts. And by the way, going nuts to them is like buying Apple or Microsoft. They're like their favorite companies that are probably not going to do all that bad. They like don't have time to go, you know, go on some Tesla YOLO calls here. Like it's not what they're even doing. But, you know, they have a plan in place. They have all these things. So back to like what Robinhood can do and what brokerages can do.  going to sit down with this person and fill out a bunch of paperwork, you know, and hit all these stop gaps before you would go do something. And, you know, not every investment advisor is a saint. You know, we don't have to go too far back in history to find out, you know, folks that have led clients into making some very bad financial decisions, if not just criminal, you know, behavior. I'm not saying that, but I am saying, hey, at least there were stop gaps and procedures and compliance offices and, you know, regulations that stuck a little bit harder because, yeah, they were, they were older processes.  for a second. If there's anything I can say as maybe a bit of a silver lining from 2008, 2009, and even what we're seeing right now, at least the period of time between the recession and now, there has been, and it's hard to deny this, a uptick in thirst for this kind of knowledge. I think you're seeing it get mutated a little bit with the whole stock trading thing right now. But when you get punched in the face,  quest to get financially literate. Yeah. And it's just a pretty crazy thing where like I've always talked about it from the accredited investor standpoint of like we use basically how rich are you as a proxy for like how smart are you? And so it feels like financial education would be a great way to kill tubers with one stone, like make everyone take, I don't know, it's gotta be like as cumbersome as like the SAT, but like the driving test wasn't that bad. Right. So like, Hey, come in, answer some questions. If you pass like, okay, you're not an idiot.  way to kind of seed it is you basically put things behind that obstacle that people want and say, look, here's a path to what certain asset classes you don't have available with you today. If you go get this education, here's 20 different ways you can get it. Some are free, some are paid, you knock yourself out and you're off the races. At least it's a step in the right direction. I don't know if it solves all the problems. It probably doesn't, but it just feels like that is somewhere that we could go that that's relatively not controversial and could also really have a positive impact.  You know what we see so many times is people go to the nefarious things, right? Oh, let's shove these products into people's faces, you know credit default swaps, you know and stuff like that you don't have to again go too far back to see like the market always goes to the path of least resistance because that's where the money is going to be made that kind of behavior is really you know where the trouble begins you can instead perhaps use that to test out the market Oh, like if you're just a little aware like oh my goodness people are getting into  the result is, oh, it doesn't make as much money today, but it will create a more loyal customer over time. We'll get that many more trades or that much more transaction volume by having them stick around further and we did the right thing. So there's a corporate governance and sustainability and responsibility component that really needs to be added to any time you have access to something and the lack of knowledge can put people in a very precarious situation.  You'll find this with the folks who had the courage to leave their job, which was not bringing them satisfaction and go down the entrepreneurial road and pursue the passion that they had when it seemed, and the earlier they do it, typically the better. It's harder to do this when you have kids and mouths to feed and a mortgage and stuff like that, but I'm even more impressed by those who are like, despite all of that, and there's planning that can be done around that. Maybe you stick it out for two, three years,  Oh, it's just the coolest stuff you could ever see. And to help be a part of that, I mean, I can't take a lot of credit. I mean, they're the ones who did that work. But if I could give them encouragement or show them a roadmap to at least financially afford doing that without like their kids starving, going, you know, I as their advisor and getting a continued client who's loyal is the greatest satisfaction you could have. Yeah. And I guess how do you think about from the advisor seat, there's big talk in the tech community now about like raise venture capital.  That's a great point. I mean, it's mostly bootstrapping, at least from the position of my clients. They're grabbing whatever cash and resources they have, really minimizing their expenses. So they're fairly uncomfortable, but surviving. And they go all in on themselves and build this thing out to where their cash flows can pay them either greater salaries or they can do that plus a combination of dividends. And before you know it, if they've worked it right and had a great plan and executed, money is not a problem.  It's hard to put yourself in the shoes of 60, 70, 55 year old you and say what you're going to do then. As someone who's built a business themselves, I can't. People are like, what do you want to do next here? I'm like, do I really need to answer that question right now? Do I need to scale up five, six financial advisors and staff of 20 and worry about real estate? When I get to watch my kids grow up, handle 100 households that I enjoy working with, still grow. Maybe I'll wake up tomorrow and say, you know what? Let's do that five times over. And there's a price to pay for it.  ceiling for a good hour going no. Like, God, no. No, no, no. It wasn't because I was late. I was like, do you really want to do this? I started thinking about the sacrifices these individuals made to get there. The same could be said for any Fortune 500 company CEO. Go ask Jamie Diamond what he does and does not get to do in his personal life because he's running JP Morgan. I'm always under the impression that all of these people we glamorize who are running amazing companies, unless you're  so character characteristically us is that we're willing to disrupt and redefine conventional ways in which we've done things and we're given such a hard time for that. Like do it. It's that classic like do it my way or not specifically in wealth management is is you know, one of the old oldest of old boy, you know clubs around you get a solo practitioner from the brokerage era who is slinging stocks is now 65 bringing up a  I'm like, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it.  I'm kind of getting tired of people not, don't mean this, what I'm getting tired of is advisors not admitting to themselves and to others that the retail investment space is not commoditized. Like what did Robo advisors show you? It showed you exactly that, the commoditization of this space, which is a big threat to advisors who are simply running risk adjustment  I got news for you. If you're just doing investment advisory and creating these ETF portfolios, which we do for our clients for, you know, just basic asset allocation, that is something we offer. If that is all you're doing, you're going to be in for a rude awakening over the next 10, 20 years. Some people say, if not sooner, fine, pick your timeframe. I'm already telling you, like, that's going to be trouble. But when you bring in financial planning and advice, you know, you can't, you know, you bring in financial planning and advice.  be replicated if you know you are a robo offering financial planning and advice. Hey Steve, you call up next time it's Mary? Like, where are they passing your financial plan around and expect to really understand that that point? So maybe over time it will separate you know those with enough sophistication that need comprehensive financial planning and the estate planning and the tax planning and all of that from those who simply just need to focus on their cash flow, be disciplined with saving, and systematically invest their money into a risk-adjusted portfolio.  but very powerful when you pair it with financial planning. I love it. Where's Bitcoin and crypto fit into all this? Like what are your kind of current views there? What do you see your clients wanting to do or doing? Yeah, more and more clients come in with a crypto position with some knowledge. So there's a definite uptick in that, not as much as you would think. You know, one in 10, you know, have have experience, which is sweet. I mean, it's really cool. That's, you know, four years ago as you know, one and none, you know, once in a while.  to put this in a portfolio, it is very worrisome if you're the chief compliance officer or if you answer to a compliance officer of how to do that. So we can educate, we can talk to our clients about how their positions work in conjunction with their portfolios. We can show them risk, we can show them potential reward, we can show them all that based on what they've done. But for me, and even though I might want to say, there's awesome data  whether it's Bitcoin or anything else or Dogecoin or anything you want in there. But I would say this, and we talked about this previously, I mined Bitcoin back in 2014. So I have my own story with familiarizing myself with it. I've been toying with it for quite some time. I would say toying with it. I've literally held it since 2014. My friend called me up, said, started going on crazy.  computer and be like, oh, Seth? Yeah, give him the money. I'm like, what? Like totally blindsided. He's super smart guy. He's like one of these neurobiologist type folk who you can't have a normal conversation with. So my wife's impression is like he knows something, you know, with some crazy technology that we don't and it's probably worth the shot. So he won that day. Months later, you know, we get a two-terra hash miner. I'm like, look, unlimited partner. You set it up, create a wallet for me, pull the, you know, pull the hashing and just drop the coin  to play, go sell our contract and we'll go buy the Bitcoin. Like don't be stupid here. And he's just like, no, no, you're not going to ruin my fun. I want to set this up. I want to mine it. I want to do this. I'm like, he goes, remember, you're the limited partner. I'm like, okay, GP, you call the shots. This is dumb. If your goal is to make money, you're, you're being very stupid right now and you're a bad general partner, but let's go with it. You know, you're running the show. Anyways, flash forward, you know, now it's like December, 2017, you know, I  If it goes to zero, like let's say, you know, it turned out to be one giant Ponzi scheme. By the way, I do not think that at all. I think it's here to stay. It's hard to say like this things, uh, anything but real. Um, but if it went to zero, I probably will have the best jokes on Twitter and troll everyone, including myself, and I will laugh. And if it goes to some absurd value in the future, I will also laugh, but to the bank, right? So, um, it's win-win for me.  related to cryptocurrencies or blockchain, you're just like, doesn't that solve this problem? And where is it? So I think we're probably got a lot of time to go. I think we're way ahead of the curb here, but that's my opinion. And I'm going to see more and more of it in client portfolios. I'm going to be forced to have to have an opinion. I would suggest any financial advisor to go read white papers and get foundational understanding. I know a lot, but compared to you and everyone who's like really in love with this space, I'm humbled every single  I've secured because of that story because I was able to say, you know, I ran into a guy who worked for a crypto trading desk previously before doing FX and I'm pretty, you know, we spent 20 minutes outside of the regular pitch just talking about cryptocurrencies and what our experiences were became a client because of that, because of that. And honestly, it doesn't end up being a client.  There's a few of them. I think there was this, there was our cap, you know, five, six years ago. I forget the guy who did that. It was, it was a real estate holding company. I had hardly anything in there. There is something recently that, Oh yeah, it was MedMen. It was MedMen. It was like my first play in cannabis. And like, obviously cannabis will be absolutely massive. Like when my kids are old enough, it should be not old enough. My kids are older.  stores all over the place and they were packed. And I was like, cool, like this is cool. You know, this is a, this has promise just based on that small position. And, you know, down down we go. I actually practice what I preach with investments, you know, just long term risk adjusted here and there I'll find, you know, opportunities to invest in that are probably more private placement than they are, you know, trading stocks. But  Is there a weed ETF yet? Yeah, I think there was one MJNA I think obviously, you know go do your research before you look up any ticker symbols here But there was one nothing I've ever seen a client invest in or nothing. I've personally invested in Despite really believing in this space and knowing it's gonna be massive. I mean, there you go I mean, there's your buyer beware. I have yet to see someone I've seen people hit it out of the park  What asset class are you choosing and why so you have a long time? You know long term horizon and you have to have the most conviction because a hundred percent your net worth scaling and you're gonna hold it for that long period of time What is it not necessarily? I don't care about the company or the stock right now. I got you I'll give you a sector I go for technology, you know, I just as someone who's grown up with the computer in front of that it you know, who's gonna argue that you know, like Think about that  right now, you know, you have an iPhone in your hand, all the things I wish I had as a kid were like, you watch it. Yeah, you know, I remember watching Inspector Gadget being my favorite show as a kid, my brother and I glued to his screen, watching Penny with her computer book. I remember getting those black and white journals and making computer books. Like, you know, I remember watching The Simpsons in the future and a big Simpsons fan watching the episode, you know, where Lisa's in the future and Mary's, I have a  I debated a friend recently, I said, if you watch every single episode of Black Mirror, which I have not done, but just take generally its futuristic, kind of fiction sci-fi stuff, what percentage of that stuff is true in the next 20 years? Or 50% probably? Minority Report is probably one of my favorite look into the future movies, even though I'm on cruise control. It's probably the last one I'll watch, but yeah, there's a lot of things going on in there. Autonomous cars are in there. That was the big one. If you want to go for a drive,