 All right, guys, bang, bang. Parker's back for round two. Thanks for doing this, man. Absolutely. Good to be back. Thanks for having me on. For sure. So for anyone who didn't listen to the first episode we recorded, maybe let's just start with kind of a two minutes on your background and what you've done before you got to Unchained. Yeah, absolutely. So historically, my background has been traditional financial services. So started out working for Deutsche.  the Fed  monetary economics, but then a lot of that ultimately feeds back into what the Fed's doing and it becomes very topical given the last three months. You are by far one of the more prolific writers when it comes to this stuff and you've got a way to boil down what seemingly is highly complex and almost unconceivable concepts into things that everyday people can understand. So we'll give it a go on the audio side, maybe start to just explain like what exactly  I think there's probably some discussion to be had around what exactly price stability means, but thinking about it as, they think about it as both price stability of the dollar, as well as the purchasing power of the dollar. But then they also look at output volatility, basically that the economy is consistently growing or seeing growth as they measure it. And then ultimately trying to achieve a level, and I think it's a little bit of a setting up for failure, but trying to maximize  Okay, maybe to go back even further and then we'll quickly come back to the crisis because the crisis is really where the term QE was spawned. It really started as large scale asset purchases. One thing that I provide, one of the ways I frame it is the Fed has always been doing QE at least since the 1970s. So if you go back and look at the base monetary supply of the US dollar in the mid to early 1970s,  have then bled into a banking crisis. If I was to term, to define quantitative easing, it's just increasing the supply of dollars. That's a more technical term. And what happened in 2008 was that effectively what was a housing crisis morphed into a banking crisis that required a much more aggressive injection of dollars into the system in the way that I would frame it  2007, early 1970s. Then QE and really the height of the liquidity crisis was September 2008 when Lehman Brothers failed. Kind of in the two months after that period of time, the Fed injected $1.3 trillion. So context, 30 years, 700 billion, and then two months period, 1.3 trillion. Then that turned out to not be enough. And this is one of my critiques  They branched out rather than just buying treasuries to buying treasuries and mortgage backed securities to support the housing market. That really is an interesting hallmark period of time because as QE2 was ending, the European debt crisis was beginning. And the Fed really at the time thought that they would be unwinding QE2 in early 2012, which we all now know in hindsight, I think people who understood what was happening knew that that was never realistic.  10 and 11 and then about 1.7 trillion in QE3. So all of it can be simplified down to the Fed inserting dollars into the system to help prevent a liquidity crisis and ultimately to help sustain an overlevered credit system. Got it. And so how does that playbook and kind of the effects of it or the results lead them to over the last 12 weeks when we get this economic  that are not just cognizant of the financial crisis, but were active participants in helping to, in their eyes, create a solution. In my eyes, it's not, it just kicks the can down the road and creates a larger problem. So that, I think that's the first piece. They lived that world before. And if you, you know, in 2008, effectively the Fed cut interest rates seven times, and then we had a liquidity crisis, and they injected 1.3 trillion. So first and foremost, I think they were seeing  is as large and as cute as it is today is very much related to what happened in 2008. So, yeah, in the lead up to the financial crisis, there was approximately 52 and a half trillion of debt in the United States. And that's not derivative, that's just as reported by the Fed, fixed liability, fixed maturity debt. The amount of cash in the banking system was only $350 billion. The total amount of the dollar based money supply was 800 billion. So it was a massively leveraged fund  it effectively just starts to implode on itself. There's no way to reverse course unless things like the whole system would effectively blow up. And that's just the scenario that the Fed is unwilling to at least contemplate in the immediate term to just let the system deliver. But then the third thing is when the Fed added 3.6 trillion of new dollars to the financial system through quantitative easing, that induced a massive credit expansion.  the three different events. The repo market breaking in September of 2019, the oil market being in material imbalance. Again, two things that are completely independent of COVID and a pandemic. And then layering on mass economic shutdown, the Fed was staring at a larger problem than 2008, saying 2008 was a credit crisis, too much debt, not enough dollars. Their actions specifically created a new economic crisis.  we had to do, these are three things that are all happening at the same time that are going to cause the system as a whole to de-lever. And as soon as that happens, it's gonna bleed into the banks and we have to get ahead of it and we gotta get ahead of it quickly. And that's why to this point from essentially the end of February to this point in time, the Fed is at approximately $3 trillion. So not quite the full extent of five or six years worth of QE  into short term and long term. I recently tweeted and said, while it's a somewhat unpopular opinion in the Bitcoin world, if you do break it between short term and long term, the short term impact seems to be doing what they're optimizing for, seems to be working in their eyes. So you see savings rate up 33%, you see personal income rate 10.5%. And some of this is not just Fed action, some of it's also beefing up with unemployment, you see also all the fiscal stuff that they're doing,  defined by those measures. And then I think you have to look at it from kind of the long term consequences of what is this fundamentally doing to the economy and is it actually creating larger problems? And so the first I would say what they ultimately are trying to do. So if we go back to the very first question, what is the Fed's mandate? Price stability and full employment.  effect to the full employment mandate, that there is an implicit mandate to maintain the size of the credit system. Otherwise, they couldn't maintain in their definition price stability or near-term employment. Because if people start to default on credit and the credit system starts to collapse upon itself, then there's going to be massive displacement of the workforce. So everything that all the actions that the Fed is taking right now are first to stabilize the credit system.  say at least to this point you could say they're being successful in in achieving the goals that they set out to achieve which are stabilize the credit system. Now if we took one step back even not towards the long-term consequences but the way that QE works is you get into a system or you have a system in which the problem is fundamentally the degree of leverage in the  ultimately the leverage in times of economic disturbance create greater problems. The economy shuts down in a way that it can't quickly turn back on as a function of that leverage. And so, but if you start in a world where there's too much debt and not enough dollars, and that's a key source of the problem, QE can provide more, there's two ways to solve a credit crisis or a credit problem. You can either let credit restructure, basically, okay, there's too much debt, not enough dollars, let's get rid of debt.  is then grow. So as we look at what happened after 2008, it was they put $3.6 trillion new dollars in the system, and that generated $23 trillion in new credit. So a credit system that went from $52.5 trillion to $75, $75.5 trillion. So you have a debt problem, too much debt, not enough dollars. You put more dollars in, but then in order for that to, quote, work, the only way it can is to expand the credit system.  they're providing asset facilities for municipal bonds or municipal money market funds. And so when you look at the theme, it is everything that they're doing is trying to stabilize the credit system because it is so large. And so when I then look at that and say, yes, you are stabilizing the credit system, but then what are the longer term consequences of that? It's like, well, another way to look at it is by putting more dollars in the system, you are stabilizing the credit system.  where you think like, well, there's a certain number of dollars that exist at the beginning of a year. Like, how are you quantifying what the savings rate is? Like, how are you determining what dollars never actually move? Because we know each dollar that's saved is lent out many times over. So kind of like as a definition, what is it? And ultimately, in fact, what dollars aren't spent in a year or at least the way that they quantify it? I'm dusting off some of the research  do they now just have more dollars relative to how you're looking at a savings rate, whether it's the dollars divided by GDP? And so ultimately GDP is a function of the expansion of the credit system as is the savings rate. So if you are essentially massively expanding, like the private sector credit system is attempting to contract right now. The Fed is resisting that by working with the Treasury and Congress to run massive fiscal deficits  feel good in a month or two months, but it's going to feel really terrible in six months, 12 months, five years down the line. And so I think that, you know, another way that I frame that, like, if you think about the world of Bitcoin, because, you know, living in a world of a fixed money supply, it's a little bit easier to conceptualize that if that if there were 21 million Bitcoin, and that number wasn't changing, what's the savings rate? Because everybody's always saving, everyone's always holding that money. And so is it just the  that the Fed's thinking, you can't really use it as a metric to ascertain the overall health of the economy.  where they think they're going to end up.  He basically, again, I can't quote it verbatim, but he made a comment that was long lines of, we need to take the key, lock the door, and throw it away on the idea that we will ever again monetize the debt of our federal government. And there were a lot of responses that basically said, well, we're not monetizing the debt. This is just temporary. Of course, then Bernanke's gotten on 60 Minutes and said, and we can remove the accommodation when we need to.  each time we look at one of these prices, the Fed is going to have to put more dollars in to sustain the credit system because the credit system is now larger as a function of QE. It's a vicious cycle. And so I think the short answer is yes, we are monetizing debt. The longer term question or consequence is how long can that continue? Because you have a bunch of children who are modern monetary theorists  level on an individual balance sheet level on a company's balance sheet level, then oh, it makes sense at a federal level because the Fed has this magic power. You say, is it really a magic power or is there something else missing that is causing this system to continue to be stood up in the interim? But maybe, just maybe, there's something very naturally that causes that to break. And so, when I think about debt monetization, the answer is yes, they're monetizing debt.  took out 700 billion. So they had added 3.6 trillion through the process of QE1, 2, and 3. And the definition of if it were truly just temporary would have been that they had taken out all of the 3.6 trillion. They didn't even get halfway through QE3 before the repo market broke in September. And then even before COVID, they added 500 billion. So they basically put back in  the system, basically, you've got debt as the numerator and dollars as the denominator. If you put more dollars in the denominator, you're deleveraging. But if you're taking those dollars back out and essentially reversing the fact that you've monetized debt, then you have the exact same amount of debt in the world and you have fewer dollars to service them. So you're actually re-levering the economy as a function of that operation. And eventually it breaks and you have to put them back in. So I think that there's a reality  power because so many people are short them. And in many respects, the same dynamic exists today. Before March came around, there was 75 trillion of debt, 2 trillion of dollars. So if you put $3 trillion in the system from March to today, you're still at a position where each dollar is owed 15 times. And people are constantly having to demand dollars. And that's allowing  Bitcoin, the marginal demand for dollars becomes weaker and lesser over time. And once the critical mass of people or once the density gets high enough in the Bitcoin world of people holding Bitcoin, and you don't have as many people constantly demanding dollars, that's when this cycle of QV ultimately breaks down where they can't continue to do it because the dollar while they're doing it doesn't maintain its value. Yeah. And so I guess like over that long period of time, historically, we've seen them kind of play this high wire  And so when you see that happening, is there a point in time where the kind of barrel of the gun they're facing is such a massive problem that they literally hit the print button and they create all of these dollars and they inject them into the system and they actually overshoot the target, right? Or they end up getting into a place where they've created so much dollars and put it in a system that that demand can't actually soak it up, right? And we end up getting to kind of high levels of inflation  I think that when I think about system leverage, I think about it on a nominal basis and on a basis that's relative to the amount of dollars that exist. So, thinking about it, because they are two different problems. It's like 75 trillion of debt is a lot of debt. Now, by the function of QE, they're effectively kind of just over time actually reducing the amount of debt dollars, but there's also at that same time, the problem is larger. So, in the future,  that they're having even in this period is it's the largest it's ever been, it's the quickest it's ever been, and the breadth of it is as wide as it's ever been. They're buying everything under the sun. And the combination of those three things is causing people to wake up and say, this doesn't make any sense. And more people, obviously not directly, it doesn't happen overnight, but marginally in an accelerated way, people are connecting the dots between that and Bitcoin.  And so, kind of part of it is just the deterioration of the dollar through kind of just the effectively the distribution of that through the financial system. But then the other part of it is that while the financial system as a whole is massively levered, there's people within the financial system that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people that are not necessarily the people  the efficacy of QE becomes weaker and weaker. Their ability to both prop up the credit system while maintaining the stability of the dollar will become less and less probable and less and less effective. Now, I think the bigger, the most problematic or the longer term consequence of this whole thing is that the action that the Fed's taken today are materially accelerating the destabilization of the dollar.  QE, it actually fundamentally changes the economy. Like if you imagine there's a certain set of people that held dollars in March and the people that held those dollars, especially set market prices, not just in terms of the stocks and the bonds, but in terms of communicating preferences through price levels in terms of any consumer good or housing, whatever it may be. The Fed comes in and they double the money supply.  And that causes ultimately supply and demand structures first to change. And this is something that Hayek writes about where he says that it basically manipulates some supply and demand structures in such a way that can only be maintained so long as more amounts of money are being injected into those points of the economy. And that once the rate of that increase stops or even slows, then everybody figures out and you have more acute unemployment.  dollar, then what is the cost of that can't be worth the short term trade off. And so I think about it through that lens. And people oftentimes think about hyperinflation as they just printed too much money. And it's not really that. It's more so that the printing of the money distorted the pricing mechanism and the pricing mechanism distorted the economic structures. And then eventually you get into a point where the things that people actually need stop showing up on shelves.  of some of those pricing functions that you're talking about. You're also gonna get a refocus on kind of resilience in the economy rather than efficiency. And so you're gonna get a lot of kind of supply chains, manufacturing facilities, et cetera. Right now it's talked, but I think over the next kind of three to five years, you'll sort of see more action of people trying to bring that stuff back to the United States. And some of it will be under the name of national security. Some of it will just be under resilience in general. When they do that, obviously it will be less efficient, right?  money, it sounds like you would make the argument that like, it's just harder to see what's actually happening because there's so much liquidity in the market. Is that fair? Yeah. Well, I would say that, um, you know, or it's easier to, it's easier to think about the consequences in micro examples. Um, so, and I'm not, I'm not trying to also then translate this to every sector of the economy, but you know, I go to my local barbecue joint and the price of beef is now 33% more.  is actually are of market participants versus what is just a function of more dollars being in the system. And in a perfect world, and that's why Bitcoin is the perfection of a monetary medium, there is no change in the money supply. So any change in price is more clearly a direct communication of a change in preference. And so I think what you're speaking to, and I do think that this will be a healthy outcome of the pandemic. It might not be a healthy outcome of this  It's not just like, you know, it may be kind of build more globally in the interest of national, you know, kind of national interest. But more realistically, when I'm thinking about, you know, when I was reading about the Tyco or Tyson Foods plant being shut down, I've got a local food supplier that has local farms in Texas, you know, making sure, you know, it's like, so people are going to people are going to change things in ways that just create greater resilience. I think that's positive. I think that there's also a question  where they can then be the boiling trough because in my world, and I think this is the problem that the Fed has, yeah, and I wish I had the quote in front of me so that I could read it verbatim, but Bernanke in 2011 had a quote when they were kind of coming to the tail end of QE2 and the European debt crisis was ensuing where he basically admitted, like, I know I can't solve this problem through monetary policy and that there are fiscal and structural problems that can't be solved  And you're like, oh, they just lost another hundred million dollars. I'm going to give them another. Eventually you'd stop doing that because there was a real economic consequence to it. In the Fed's world, they're doing things in a reactive way because they ultimately only have one tool and that's increasing the money supply. And I would say that actually an action that they could take is not doing anything. And that would actually result in, it may result in greater short-term pain, but just speaking to some of the ideas that you were talking about that may change as a function of the Fed,  I mean, basically your example of like, hey, companies losing a hundred million dollars. Why would you give them more? Right. And if they don't change anything, I think you could also say it's like, where are they putting the money is a huge piece of this as well. So one creating the money is a problem because you're given to kind of the entire economy, but, but to also, if you look, uh, just at the bailouts, right? Just those specifically, I mean, quite literally in some cases, that's what they were doing. They were finding companies that had previously been bad capital allocators and they gave them more money. Right. And in many cases didn't change the executive team, didn't do anything.  to people, right? Does that actually solve some of the problems or does that make it worse? Well, I think, you know, two things I would say there. First, I think if you pull the back up to thinking about the Fed as a company, it would be like, you guys keep doing this. And it doesn't solve the problem. So why do you keep doing it? You know, like what, like, if you were if you did have the temperament of a board member for a fortune 500 company, you  are being held by, depending on how you look at it, 250 million people, excluding people who are under 16 or so. And then suddenly you have 12 people sitting around a room saying, okay, this is how we're going to spend $3 trillion in the course of three months, right? Those people, even if they were each individual,  that actually make up an economy possess knowledge that individual actors never could. And they understand not only what their preferences are, but then they also understand what their customers preferences are. Somebody sitting in a room at the Fed, allocating that much capital can't possibly have near perfect information or near as much information as the market does. And so it doesn't matter, you know, how you're allocating it or who's allocating it or to whom, it's that you're  that paralyzes the entire market. Like right now, there is no market function of pricing risk. Everybody who, again, there's always exceptions to rules, but anybody who's buying the stock market right now is not doing it because they're underwriting risk and pricing the risk of an asset. They're doing it because they believe that the Fed is gonna cause asset prices to go up. And what does that do? That inherently introduces moral hazard. And when you have high degrees of moral hazard in markets, then you're, and a big function of it  The fact that a small number of people just don't possess information and the fundamental consequences is distorting the underlying pricing mechanism of an economy.  competing forms of money. They're two competing, ultimately economic systems, one spawning, one redlining. In a simplified way, one way that I describe it is when a Bitcoin is traded for dollars, the exact same amount of Bitcoin exists and the exact same amount of dollars exist. The market is just communicating a preference as to which form of currency it would rather hold. And a price of Bitcoin going up over time is more  think about Bitcoin adoption and how is it that today, at least, and I think the space is going to evolve over time, naturally, as more and more people hold it, there will be more direct commerce with Bitcoin. But today, the principal way that people get Bitcoin is trading it for some amount of fiat. Well, how do you get fiat? You generally sell financial assets. When someone's thinking about buying a Bitcoin, maybe they're going to sell their worst stock or maybe they're going to sell their worst bond. And so the actual transition over to Bitcoin will  And it's going to continue to win as a function of a 621 million supply on one side and QE endlessly, or at least intermittently in an increasing fashion on the other side. But that, you know, when the question is, well, does the dollar collapse gradually or suddenly, it's collapsing gradually right now. I think, you know, it's also one of those ideas where people key in on Bitcoin's volatility and they say it's not a bad store of value, but then they look at the chart of the purchasing power of a  And then I would point to an example of Argentina, some place that's not quite at hyperinflation. But if you go back, I think 12 to 24 months ago, you can look at the point on the chart when confidence was broken in the Argentine peso. And the currency basically collapsed 50% in a very short period of time. And now it's collapsed 90% effectively, or somewhere there around. Whereas you will know when it happens,  So one of the reasons why what the Fed's doing is so pervasive is that most people don't ever learn about the Fed's actions until they show up at the grocery store and their meat is more expensive or they go to the bar and their beer is more expensive or they're taking healthcare and the healthcare is more expensive. So like the way that most everyone, including myself, it's not like I'm, you know, just because I know about what's happening at the Fed that I have a perfect prediction of knowing what my food is