 Hey everybody and welcome to the Pomp podcast. I'm not your host, Jason Calacanis. I'm the host of this week in startups, but my friend Anthony Pompliano, you know him as Pomp and I decided we would try to do a crossover episode where the king of crypto and the prince of startups would get together and answer your question. So it's a crossover episode between the Pomp podcast.  Jason said that this is a collab episode similar to Nicki Minaj and Takashi 6ix9ine. And we're still trying to figure out who is who in the episode of collaboration. But yeah, I mean, I think it means one of us has to take our top off and put pasties on at some point. Did you see the new video? Oh, I saw. I was like, what is going on in the world? Like, it's just like, people are just naked to get YouTube views. And I started Nicki Minaj tweeted like, this is the fastest to like,  viral on the internet is pretty wild.  I'm terrible, I have a terrible voice. He's horrible, why do people like him? I don't get it. If you dropped a rap song, it would go viral for sure, promise. 100. Would somebody take this episode and just sample something we say that's clever and make a pomp and JCal crossover video, whatever. But anyway, it's interesting, you and I have debated crypto a whole bunch. We actually overlap a lot more than people probably think, because people think I hate crypto.  years ago, three years ago, and people going crazy about this. Did any of those projects ever result in an actual real company that provides products or services that's notable? So let me separate two things here. One is, there is very few, if any, ICOs still happening in the form that they were happening, specifically in the United States and even internationally. I think that kind of came and went. We'll see if it comes back. But right now, that's definitely been kind of tampered down by a lot of the regulatory pressure.  measurable success. There's some things that are, you know, maybe interesting, some people who've built a product and kind of are just now getting it out in the space. But if you're a business that raised 10, 20, 50, $100 million in an ICO, you know, in the traditional technology world, you would expect a product, you would expect hundreds of employees, like, like you would expect some of these milestones to be hit. And we're just not seeing that yet. And I think that really was kind of the concern all along. Why are you giving people $250 million? And they have an idea in a pitch deck?  go to jail. But looking down this list of ICOs, Telegram raised a billion seven. I'm just reading from a CNBC story. Dragon coin raised 320. And I don't know if these numbers are even legitimate anymore. Something called HuBuy 300 million HDAC 258 Filecoin. I remember because my friend, Naval was involved in that 257 million. And that one seemed like an interesting one to me because I believe it was going to be cloud storage. You give your hard  is a real exchange. It operates relatively large. I don't know how much of that is because of the ICO versus it was already going to be a successful thing and they had the ICO. The other ones for the most part are either still kind of we're going to do mode, right? So we're going to watch this. We're going to do all of this. The one you didn't mention is there was an EOS that raised $4 billion. Brock Pierce. $4 billion. Yeah. Yeah. And they paid a 20,  They seem to have not been as stringent as I thought they would be. But this also happens in tech sometimes too. So if you look at, you know, there's magically there's quibi that there's a bunch of these companies, especially when SoftBank came to the market that they raised hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars pre-product. And so I always go back to like, is that a sign of late stage economy stuff or is that a sign of like crypto stuff? Right. And I don't yet have an answer. Yeah. Let me let me.  years I bet in terms of the number of subscribers. So that was interesting. Magic Leap actually has real technology and that is a groundbreaking space, AR, augmented reality, but it does seem crazy that people poured a ton of money in, but those were very sophisticated investors, obviously Andreessen Horowitz and other people. So as much of a mess as that is, people, I have not seen the technology, but people have and there's something real there. So the  I've went that way, Ethereum had the ICO, but there's a lot of investors. I mean, I literally remember in 2017, there was a number of times where people would be like, hey, this company is raising $20 million and all you do is you send crypto to a wallet and then just like fill in this Excel file with your name and the amount you sent. Wow. And it was like, this isn't gonna end well. Yeah. That wasn't a hard call. I mean, none of this money coming in like that. I mean, with the KYC, know your customer and all the money  is going to be very different, I think. Why didn't they launch products, do you think? Was it just that the people who built these companies and who were willing to take the risk of being doing an ICO, which was unclear, were probably just not super qualified to build products? I don't know for sure, right? Each case is kind of case by case. But what I will say is I think you get, there was definitely some people who raised money through ICOs that couldn't have raised it in a more traditional way.  business, I want the people to own it, I can kind of bootstrap a network, all that. And then the third one is, I actually think that there's a lot of people who literally just said, well, if somebody's gonna give me $250 million, I'm gonna raise $250 million. Right. Which I think was Tezos' position was, hey, let's do that. Awesome. Okay. Let me ask you, let me ask you this question. Okay. What is the, what's the most money a company has raised in a seed round that you invested in pre-product?  And then looking at, let's see, I was in a later round of medium, but I think Ev probably raised a decent chunk of change. So serial founders like a Mark Pincus or Elon with the boring company, forget about me being involved in them, I'm not in the boring company, but I am a medium, but a later round, they tend to raise 10 million for 10%. That's what I see a lot of the times. And so it's an outrageous value.  is the whole team gets off their game, entitlement goes off the charts, and you have so much money, you basically drowned an opportunity. It would be the equivalent of like putting a chef in a Costco or something, you know, like a giant warehouse and saying, turn it into a restaurant. And it's like, okay, where do I even begin? You know, like there's every single food item in here. It's just too much. It's too overwhelming to go that big, that fast. And it distances the core team from reality  of like a giant mural, you know, like the side of a building and you just gave them, you know, giant, you know, oil containers, truck, you know, milk trucks of paint. And you're like, go ahead. They're like, there's a little bit of a big canvas here. You know, where do I even get started? That's why like, constraint makes great art. Bob Dylan said, like, they were like, Hey, you know, why did this album come out? Why don't you make the album? He's like, well, I owed it to the record label. And people were like, Oh, that's completely disappointing as an answer.  that, right? This is such a great insight pump because I deal with founders all day long who tell me, if you give me $100,000 or $250,000, I can build this. And then I say, you know, that's great. And I'm flattered that you're contacting me. I have a long list of people who've already created stuff and who have a hundred or a thousand users who are asking me for 250K at the same valuation. Why would I pick you over that? And like, well, I have great potential. I'm like, you're telling me that they're showing me that. And  Whereas other people they're gonna make their album. They're gonna tell jokes if they're a comedian. They're gonna make a short film if they're gonna write their screenplay, they don't need permission to do it, right? And that's where founders get tripped up a lot is that they ask for, they're looking for some validation from an investor. And really they should look at the investor as somewhere between a checkbook or ATM and a coach or a close friend who can give them candidates  Oh, you know, that's ridiculous. It's not actually ridiculous. There's free code camp.org. I had them on the podcast. We made a small investment in Lambda school. There's Lambda school if you want to pay money, and you can do it on the come, right? You don't have to actually pay them up front. You can pay it on contingency with an ISA income sharing agreement. So ISA, it's like so much interesting stuff out there. You really have no excuse. Well, and I think part of what we've seen happen, at least over the last three or four years is, you know,  and you had to figure it out. That was the game. You had to figure out what a term sheet was. You had to figure out how to get a lawyer in Silicon Valley. You needed to figure out how to get an office space or a lease. All this stuff was like the first year was just figuring out the blocking and tackling. And now you can just go onto a website, trademark, incorporate, set up a cap table all in a day and get a WeWork space if you feel the need to have an office and an address. And it was all done in a day for $1,000 or something. So you're exactly right.  story of, you know, Oh, I had this itch. I had to scratch. I had this frustration in the world. And I've had people who are like, I literally had somebody who's like, my dog got killed because it got hit by a car. And I'm making something to protect against that. And I was just like, Oh my God. Like there, and it was true in this case, but literally that making something personal, uh, as one example of how to unpack startups and pitch them is there. So then what's left, what's left is actually traction. So I've changed my game.  rather than just doing it. So it's pretty interesting. Well, think about like a sport like golf or tennis, like to just even understand how the scoring works in tennis or how to get a tennis court or how to get a tee time, right? Like these are very hard things to do. If you're wondering why you don't see a large number of people doing those sports or skiing and you don't see diversity in those sports, it might be because it's really hard to even get started. Whereas,  have a soccer ball in a field. Yeah, absolutely. What else you got? Oh, yeah. So explain to me why Ethereum was able to do essentially a token offering, an ICO, if it would be considered that, but they did a token offering and they did not get in trouble with the SEC, but other people did. I've never understood this and the times I've said it, people got very defensive on the social media, on the Twitter, like, because I think people are  before or after the sale so there's some people who found a category of hey Jason give me money I'm gonna go build this product and at some point in the future I will launch it and that will be decentralized regulators have said no you're essentially raising capital right you're taking money and that is gonna be considered some sort of security and you'll get in trouble if you didn't do everything you're supposed to do in the case of an ethereum what it sounds like is regular said look ethereum we are not gonna make a decision  sold, but then once the network is built and decentralized, could it transition to now be considered not a security? It sounds like regulators are open to that idea. I'm not by any means well versed enough to kind of tell them where they're going to come out on that. But it is interesting because that's something that doesn't exist in traditional companies. It seems to be like it's the SEC is doing a reasonable job at balancing innovation and protecting consumers from  And I ran off with the money. Like everyone agrees that's a bad thing, you know, go after those people. So I think that they've done a pretty good job given how tough the situation is. There's plenty of people that wish that they would come out with more clear guidance and all this kind of stuff. They just don't know. Right. And so I think that it's going to take time to get clearer guidance. One thing that I didn't understand that they didn't do, and I'm wondering what you think of my idea, which is in the world I live in, when we do what's called the special purpose vehicle at the end of the day,  So they were basically trying, I think I got it right. People can look it up and correct me if I'm wrong. But ballpark, what they said was, let's make, if there is a crater, if this thing does blow up, let's make it not create huge collateral damage, right? What I would have done if I was the SEC is I would have said, anybody who registers at this website, sec.gov slash crypto, if you register your project here, you can go through a quick registration process, which says you can have any number of information  minimum wage, they could get out of that hole in a hundred hours of work, right? It wouldn't be what we call in poker and gambling, the risk of ruin, which is playing with your entire chip stack in one game and you get a bad beat and somebody hits quads against your boat and you lose it all. So what do you think of that kind of approach and do other people take that approach in other jurisdictions? I don't know the global jurisdiction reality these days. Yeah.  remember that that's why venture capital exists for projects that want to grow very big. Now, there is a subset of companies that have chosen to go through something like let's call reggae plus. And again, I don't know all of the details. But as far as I understand the mini IPO, basically, they have to do a little bit more. And you can raise like up to like, I think it's a million point $07 or something, right? So there is some things that are kind of trending in the direction you're talking about. But the reason why I brought up the venture capital  what should be on average, the weaker deal flow, the deal flow that VCs didn't buy into. Now, again, you said perfectly that they may not always get it right, but maybe they get it right two out of three times, which means that deal flow that makes it to these other sites might be, you know, the apples at the bottom of the bushel, let's say. Maybe they couldn't clear market. Maybe the return profile is different than them. And that works actually against the spirit of the law, which is you're trying to make this more equal and fair. And so the unintended concept  understand that the right investor can move the company, can introduce them to customers, can do all the things that they need help with. And so I do think also what you get is you get some selection bias of if you want to take money from retail investors at the highest possible valuation, is that entrepreneur, the same entrepreneur that can walk into the best, you know, Sand Hill, venture capital fund and raise from those investors? I don't know. Maybe in some cases, yes. But my guess is that more times than  in Silicon Valley who would be advising startups to go to the dentists, to go to the naive investors and say, if you're going to raise the million dollars instead of doing 500K from, you know, Aileen Lee at, you know, Cowboy Ventures or Hunter and Satya from Homebrew, instead of getting those sophisticated folks who are going to want good provisions, protective provisions, proper governance, eh, screw it, just pass the hat and do what's called a party round in our industry. And so that is, you know,  solve the problem. The person with 50K who's a dentist is like, yeah, got to do like one more set of veneers and I'm good. I can make that money back, you know, just overcharge somebody for veneers and you're done. Well, one of the frameworks I really like is you can optimize for the economic advantage that you get out of a fundraising round, or you can optimize for the intellectual advantage. And again, it just goes back to this idea of like, you want the smartest people and the most experienced people running into the fire with you, right? Kind of your point of like, hey, if  like, hey, what about Theranos and the outliers? Great. Now, and people love to gamble, we have Wall Street bets, we have Robinhood day traders and full disclosure, I was an early investor in Robinhood and it's probably my third biggest, right now on paper, it might be the third biggest return I have after Uber and comm and that's really not a disclosure as much as a flex to be clear, but they had 3 million people, I think during  Anyone who thinks that Dave Portnoy is not performing and entertaining and creating media content, they're confused as to what he's doing. He's the best in the world at it. That's not a knock against him at all. Actually, it's a complete tip of the cap of he has literally gone from this guy who ran a sports site that was highly successful, $450 million valuation, and on literally the flip of a coin, pivoted into an industry that prides itself  ICOs to sports gambling to public marketing, gambling, everyone is chasing easy money. Right? And what you can quickly identify is what's the strategy? And literally people will tell you kind of all kinds of crazy stuff in the ICO boom, they'll tell you all kinds of crazy stuff right now. But if you've been around and paying attention, like buying a bankrupt stock and having, you know, 150,000 people owning hurt stock after the bankruptcy, it's kind of just like, okay,  It's just a matter of do we even, can I entertain myself during being crushed like that? I mean, I think Dave is just amazing at, you know, entertaining people. I mean, he literally makes eating a slice of pizza entertaining and he understands who he is as a character, which is obnoxious and successful and does not care about anybody's opinion. He's like the classic ENTJ, you know, if we were to use, you know, horoscopes for men, the Myers-Briggs.  It's the ultimate tip off. Like I'm not famous. I'm only famous with founders. And he said, we want to create a trading platform for millennials on their phones. And I said, let me stop you right there. You do know that they're on their parents' Netflix accounts. They will not buy a car. They only take Lyft and Uber. And these are the most commitment-phobic people in the world. They will not sign a lease. And you want them to buy stocks for  work and it's a long shot. What happens to the world? And I just said, what if they get a million people doing this? And now here they are with 13. If all these kids are taking their money for, they would have bet on sports and the NFL and the NBA, and they're just putting it into stocks. Well, I think they got a better chance of winning and they're going to learn about finance. I mean, these kids know more. I've never done a put or I've never done like puts and calls and shorted stocks. I've never done any of that stuff. I buy stock I hold until I don't like it anymore. Then I sell it. I'm not buying futures or anything.  respond to this how you want. But what you just described about low probability, but high potential of Robinhood when they pitch you on that. Yeah. Is I think exactly why people are so excited about Bitcoin. Because right now, maybe people would say, you know, five years ago, the the potential for Bitcoin to reach, I'll say global reserve status, right? Less than 1%. Now, I don't know, maybe we're three to 5%. Right? Still, incredible.  or 500X. The thing that I think is super fascinating about also Barstool, and I'll just wrap that up, is I think he's creating Barstool Finance. Like, you know, you have finance.yahoo.com. He's just creating Barstool Finance. And so, you know, he's got sports, he's got finance. I think with Call Her Daddy, he's got kind of his own love line or romance or sex kind of property. Like what else is a property that Yahoo had back in the day? Movies and entertainment. So does Barstool do movies and entertainment yet? No.  time people are like, you're nuts all stuff. And I laid out, you know, here's what I think happens. And one of the key points was they're going to get outside of sports. And I didn't know if it was politics or news or kind of how they would do it. But I think you're dead on in that once you have the attention of the audience, it's very easy just to add another personality that touches in a new area, right? So whether that's finance, whatever it, what I do wonder about barstool is they, they have been a very non traditional media company.  you know, in big business and he's just got this asset and he just wanted to cash his chips in and mission accomplished. You got a hundred million dollars, right? In that. But, but he didn't cash in. So to his credit, this is what, this was pretty crazy is he a hundred million dollars. I think he took more than half of it in stock. Smart. So he, so he, he still is betting on himself, I think, but, but the whole model of just as you look around, uh, businesses, right? And this kind of gets into just early stage companies today. They used to build the product and you would invest and then they would go try to find customers.  for ads and now it's going up against Shopify or they're in partnership with Shopify. They'll eventually try to kill Shopify because that's what Zuckerberg does. You slit the throat of anybody you partners with. So Toby, if you're listening. You know, I worked at Facebook so I'm biased. Are you telling me he's not the most cutthroat person in business? Name somebody more cutthroat than Mark Zuckerberg and how he approaches competition. If you had to pick Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos, who's more cutthroat.  like, hey, it's day zero, let's really think about this product, how would we do it? Bezos isn't looking at the competitors and saying, whatever innovation they do, go do it and kill them. Maybe on the margins for Amazon Web Services they do that, they look for Twilio or something and try to compete. But I just think Zuckerberg has a cutthroatness that is just unbelievable. So the one thing that I will say is I think that those two generalizations are probably more PR,  for us just to have to take it away from the personal. Because if you told me who are the two most cutthroat people, I would have picked them and just in a different order than you, you probably would say Bezos then Zuckerberg. Got anybody else you'd put in there? It's scarier to go up against. Yeah, I would say at least out of the people who run big businesses, those are the two. Yeah. I mean, you're like, by the way, it's gonna come in and do. Apple would never do what I don't. So they Apple might have their own interesting  with regulators in the United States and in the EU around this concept of Bezos and the Amazon team study what's selling from third party sellers who are half of the, I think roughly half of what's sold on Amazon. And if you make some great, amazing charging, you know, power strip, they're going to make an Amazon basics one. Should they be, should the government interfere and stop Amazon from both selling third party and creating