 All right guys, bang bang. I've got Bradley here. Super excited to talk. Thank you so much for doing this. Yeah, super excited. Thanks for having me. For sure. For those that don't know you, let's start with background. Where were you born? Where'd you grow up? And what'd you do before roll? Yeah, so born in New York City, grew up just outside of the city in a small sort of called Westchester for those familiar  And my job was really putting together these huge reports called the State of Blockchain Reports after Mary Meeker's State of the Internet reports. This was around the time around, you know, maybe five researchers in the space, 2015, 2016. Ethereum blew up, did a huge report on that and really kind of never looked back. Got it. And so first I got asked about writing the book. Did you self publish it or did you go with like a publishing house? Yeah, it was a crazy story. So I was like,  12 books on self-publishing, had a mini launch party on Facebook at the time and just launched it, man. And it's just, it just becomes something that a bunch of people are reading that I'm pretty excited about. Yeah. That's awesome. And then how'd you get the job at a coin desk? Yeah, it's a really good story. So I was working at a sort of an analyst associate at a firm and this was around 2014.  time in the team, there was about four people on the team. So there's a Ryan Selkis, Pete Rizzo, and a few guys running off. So literally ping them, had a beer, jumped on, and the rest was sort of history from there. That's awesome. And had you heard of Bitcoin before you decided to cover it or you just were entering the first time you heard it? Yeah, was pretty familiar. Sort of start hearing about it in like 2012, 2013. But but didn't  to do it. That's awesome. And so as you get to Coindesk, you start writing these big reports, Ether and Ethereum come out. What was the general sense? Like there's a lot of people who know that the ICO was relatively popular in terms of the buildup to it, but maybe kind of from your seat at the time, like what was the things that you remember going into the ICO and then kind of the first couple of months afterwards? Yeah, it was an insane time. I mean, people were, man, I can't name names.  you know, just kind of like watching a John Wayne movie or something and just seeing all this sort of action happen. You really couldn't necessarily tell the difference between sort of an Ethereum or waves at the time. It was kind of pretty difficult. But eventually, you know, all the smoke cleared. I started diving a little deeper after the Ethereum hard fork. I had to write a piece on like Ethereum Classic and the differences and was just pretty fascinated about that. The Dow came out and yeah, formally decided to start building  spoke at around 20 colleges. And because of the nature of the book, breaking into venture capital, a lot of investors just started pinging at me. I'm like, who the fuck are you? Like, how did you write this book? What's going on? And I got invited to a lot of panels that I probably shouldn't have been on, but jumped on them anyway. So one of those panels was with Alex Sisgold, who's a former manager of Techstars New York, he now runs a firm called 2048VC, had dinner with him.  Yeah, there's this one guy at a bank that kind of came into coin desk and we're just really talking about sort of the advisory market and just sort of what was going on in crypto and I was really just a fly on the wall in the room and Really just thought man. I could eat this guy's lunch. I know most of the people in the space I know how to raise and I had all these things so the very first idea so sort of like the first few months was pretty fascinated by the idea of starting an advisory group and  hundreds of billions of dollars in value for for user-generated content, you know, take talk Instagram Twitter, etc That that would that would have been unfathomable so That's gonna our thesis is that's gonna repeat itself in a new way So user-generated content is going to jump into the next phase user-generated currency Or what roll calls social money. So roll is really a blockchain based network that allows anyone  Yeah, so Take you back and then back again here So the concept of social currency, let's say is around 120 years old writer social capital this idea that every kind of individual has this this network around them and that network has this sort of Almost intangible value. We sort of carry this in like a philosophical sense So what aetherium uniquely allows you to do is turn this  So we wanted to create a term that was super friendly, almost as friendly as ice cream, two words that people just like next to each other. And this effectively became social money. So social money, your branded Ethereum tokens, named after individuals and communities and yeah. And so would it be fair to say that this is analogous to like Amazon gift cards, right? Where it's a branded currency that can be used within that network or is that something that would be a little bit inaccurate?  So it's sent all the time on on open sea there's folks that use it on patreon and twitch and instagram and twitter So the idea of creating this interoperable Auditable system where the value could be integrated into different platforms is really special because all of a sudden you're not just on the network you become the network and Philosophically, that's why people we think are coming to roll. They never really have their own money and that's just the lead-in but  great. For social money, we really see this as complimentary. So a lot of people that have an online community, effectively a lot of them really have their own culture with fan behavior. They may even have their own language with gifts and memes. What social money literally does is bring economics to that digital community or nation. The community now has its own money and its own sense of belonging. And what happens here is social money really  those actions with your social money. Got it. And so I guess part of this is it's less about the money and it's more about the social component, the branding, et cetera. The monetary policy, if you will, is not the focus. It's much more around how do you use this new exchange of value in a community to get people to kind of stay locked in, be much more engaged, to participate, earn things, all of that type of stuff. Is that fair? Yeah, yeah. So we're onboarding entirely  Absolutely, you're able to now sort of send your social money across platforms, have it be spent on different products and create different ways for it to be earned. So if I wanted to create, let's say, a pomp coin, right? And there's 10 million pomp coins that exist in the world. Do they all hold whatever value I ascribe to them? Is there an open market that determines that value? Do kind of the users in my community or network ascribe that value? How does that work?  swap front end which allows any sort of social money to be traded easily. And what we would do effectively if you wanted to is start market making POM. Right? So we've done this enough that we could ascertain the value of any social money in the ballpark of, you know, an order of magnitude. So there's social money now that's worth half a million dollars as a market cap or some that's worth a few hundred thousand. So once we sort of do that, the market is really going to tell us the value of POM.  Obviously when people hear money, they think, okay, you're paying for something or you're receiving value for something. But how have you seen this specifically used in communities you think is pretty cool? Yeah, so there's several examples. So I think one of the most popular ones at Barstool Sports wrote about this, a few others. So there's someone on Rawls, a young entrepreneur and sort of a community manager named Alex Massmash. And sort of Alex raised $20,000 with his social media.  or the other one, what did they get in return? Like why would they buy Alex, for example? Yeah, so buying Alex or Kermin effectively gives you a stake in that person's network. And so what that means is you now own basically a percentage of this community. And if you believe in sort of the success of this community over time,  Fascinating. So you own a piece of this of this community that can exist over time and effectively increase as the demand for the network increases Yeah, it's super interesting. And then I guess you were going on about Other use cases so you got those two folks who raised money essentially when they when they sold this What are some of the other use cases that you've seen? Yeah, so there's a lady who was the very first person to issue on roll her name's Laurel. I met her at VidCon and Laurel is  as her own app. I'm a patron on her Patreon, so I'm on the $5 a month tier. Every month, I get a certain amount of tingles for being a Patreon subscriber. I get a few thousand. If I were to increase my tier to $10 or $20, I'm gonna get more tingles from Laurel for this. And so what she's effectively doing is creating a network on top of her network with tingles. So we've seen this with streamers,  for those donations and subscriptions. So at large, we're really seeing social money act as a way to incentivize the KPIs that really matter to you. Very cool. And I guess as part of this, is it all individuals so far or have you seen what I'll call organizations and companies start to be interested as well? Yeah, so we're at a fascinating turning point. So some interesting things that started happening a little  We're pretty excited about that. And there's a few other platforms that effectively want to be the role of their industry. So there's people that have reached out to us from top streaming platforms. There's people that have reached out to us that are connected to festivals like South by Southwestern Coachella. There's people that have reached out to us that are connected to e-sports teams and people that are connected to sort of DJs, et cetera. And they want to utilize the role  Everything touched social in the past 20 years. We think everything's kind of touched social money in the next 20 years. Yeah, it's really interesting when you start to look at kind of the comparison. So take a South by Southwest, they don't necessarily have money, but they have everything from wristbands to passes and kind of all of these things that essentially give you access to events and things like that. But I can't necessarily take my wristband and exchange  or getting a piece of content or a meet and greet or something like that? Absolutely, yeah. And the opportunity is massive. I mean, just to give you sort of a sense here, by default, we've kind of become the PayPal of this concept, right? So this idea that this type of social money can be moved, can be created and moved anywhere, anytime to anyone all over the web, the same sort of value prop is PayPal, but for social money. And that's allowed, you know, substantial platforms to now reach out to us and create a V2 of roles  or sort of a hundred thieves or you know fat boy slim entrepreneurs will do that through their platforms will literally just be the infrastructure that allows it to exist on the network. Yeah, it's super interesting. You mentioned a couple of people who are using it. Who are the biggest people using it and then give me an example of somebody you don't have to name them who tried this it hasn't worked and explain why they found it didn't work.  arms and backs and he approached us and created skull and he makes skull based art and what happened next was pretty fascinating. So he offered his skull based art on on OpenSea in skull and what happened next is different games and exchanges and artists also started accepting skull and skull just became this peer-to-peer thing that all of a sudden nothing to do with this guy who created it. We started  or 15 different lengths and only the first few people can claim and it's just sort of like Pavlovian training for people to sort of jump in and sort of collect, open the newsletter quickly and sort of collect social money. One category we're really thinking through, we just onboarded our first one is athletes. I think athletes are interesting. So we have a lot of like founders, we have a lot of engineers, a lot of community members,  for athletes and those are things I think we'll kind of see built in the next few years hopefully on on relative infrastructure. So elaborate on that a little bit right like where does all this go because I think a lot of people look and they say okay so you basically have infrastructure built there's a couple of people who have created a couple being you know 200 or so people who have created these social money currencies they're using it in a various number of formats but they're you know relatively small compared to the you know the world right so  you'll see is content becoming currency. And so we've created this simple framework where people, you know, kind of for the first time can now come to a platform and create their own currency. What happens next is roll just opening up its smart contracts, right? So let's say we onboard Coachella or South by Southwest, and we have such significant mindshare in the idea of minting a social money for an event that you want  and kind of do it. So this is sort of the long tail, right? A bunch of nannies are getting together for some wine and the Hamptons, they'll create a sort of a simple token for their party to kind of engage and sort of that'll be the end of it. At scale, I think what you'll see is the most interesting people creating completely new economies because it philosophically makes sense for them to own the value of their network.  If this network shifts right and the paradigm becomes about the currency over the content and that's sort of the world which we see and the infrastructure we're kind of kind of building for So in that world, like how big is that right? Is that a hundred billion dollar type? Economy that gets built there. Is that a trillion dollars? Is it ten million dollars? Like just how do you think about scale here and understanding that I'm basically asking you to hit a movie  really, which anyone could sort of plug Gmail could plug into writing create a role plugin, start sending, etc. So as everything has sort of wrapped around social, if optimistically everything then wraps around social money, we're seeing this as a potentially trillion dollar opportunity with multiple players. And the opportunity there is owning concepts, right? What do journalist tokens look like? How are they different from DJ tokens or event  And I guess as part of creating that, you mentioned multiple players. Do you feel like there will be specialization around different use cases or do you feel like you guys can build kind of the foundational layer? And then as you described, you'll get kind of vertical building by entrepreneurs around, you know, role parties or journalist tokens or whatever there. Yeah. So I think what we're seeing right now is we have such significant mindshare that the different players are  different minting products. You'll see this, as you said, sort of break into categories. I think those will be owned by people in those communities. So what'll happen is someone that knows a lot of people and events will contact a blockchain first company like Roll, integrate it, and then sort of onboard those types of people. So yeah, you will see segmentation. I think Roll's position in that to sort of mass audience is really how  the edge cases in terms of general society, right? So these are people with smaller communities, things like that. Obviously the largest networks in the world are the Facebooks, the Twitters of the world. What is your thought process around, do we see in Facebook try to create a currency that doesn't really kind of correlate here that they went more after what I'd consider like a nation state type currency? Twitter has obviously a CEO and founder who is very bullish on Bitcoin as a currency.  or sort of why we're personally fascinated by roles, it flips the entire thesis of social on its head, right? Chris Dixon from Andreessen writes a little bit about this. Like as a platform develops, it just ends up competing with its users and sort of cannibalizing a lot of the activity that happens. And you saw that with sort of Instagram getting rid of likes and sort of a few other things like that. And flipping that thesis on its head  But everyone's gonna wanna use Kim's coin. Instagram's gonna wanna use it. Snapchat's gonna wanna use it. So imagine the top 1,000 influential people on the web having their own currency. This just becomes the way of operating and sort of filters down. So I think that's the real play here instead of sort of a platform creating their own currency.  So everyone that you know wants to create a currency will and it'll be somewhat similar to that It'll be somewhat similar to the people that you follow The YouTube channels that you go to you may hold, you know 400 different currencies, but you may only actively engage in you know, let's say 20 what's become fascinating is People see social money as a primitive So this is starting to grow in a sense and the question becomes like what do you build on top of the social money?  and how you associate with these currencies will be very similar to how you associate with the content around that individual. Yeah, it's super interesting. And I guess if let's say five to 10 years from now, this is unsuccessful, meaning social money does not become a thing. What would you say is the number one reason today that you could see that happening? Like what's the biggest risk in terms of this being unsuccessful moving forward as just an overall industry trend of social money?  If developer demand increases in this category and massive platforms are starting to utilize this primitive of social money, I think everyone wins. More people are using Compound, more people are using Uniswap, et cetera. It's bringing in new people, new tokens, new ideas. So I think one thing that would stop that is this latent developer demand.  I want to understand. Do you see that being the long-term strategy? Do you think that there's the possibility other things will pop up that can kind of replace that foundational blockchain? How do you think about technology stack and Ethereum versus other things? Yeah, so Ethereum has a really special place in people's hearts right now. It's sort of the largest developer community. They may have surpassed Bitcoin. I'm not sure about that.  But yeah, we're just gonna continue to build because they have the most primitives. No one needs to rebuild a Uniswap or a compound or sort of any of these things. And we're really excited about how things are going. I think there's gonna be some interesting things with sort of a ETH2 and layer two scaling and we may adopt some of those in the future. I gotta ask, does ETH2 ever happen? Well, you know, that's a really good question. Luckily, how role works,  But yeah, I think it's feasible that it comes out in the next sort of two to four years Awesome. What's the one thing that has surprised you since you started roll? Oh Hip-hop culture is trying to embrace blockchain in an interesting way. So we just did this podcast with with Ja Rule Which was was fascinating as an awesome guy learned about his background from deaf children  that like interview is like, is blockchain the next hip hop? And if so, like what is the Def Jam moment where, you know, the Beastie boys of blockchain comes and they'll run the MC or all of a sudden hundreds of millions of people are using it. And so you're seeing a lot of cultural figures that are, you really wouldn't suspect it, but I kind of talk to them behind the scenes and they're in this category where they're super excited about blockchain. They just haven't found a reason to dive in.  kind of the people that you and I probably look up to as like the hip hop legends kind of from the 80s and 90s. Like that's really what they did, right? They had no other choice. They had to innovate and build. And so it's kind of cool to see that they have an interest in more technology driven stuff. We've seen it from professional athletes and all that, but seeing it from kind of the music side is surprising. Yeah. Another thing I'm excited about is just our investor base is pretty diverse in terms of where they come from. So there's folks who are  on your Silicon Valley VC firm. So having that sort of very investor base is pretty helpful as well. That makes sense. Shout out to Spencer. He's always got a spot in my heart. Awesome. Before I wrap up, I asked the same two questions. First one is, what is the most important book that you've ever read? Oh, you know what? I knew you were going to ask that. I have several answers.  a more obscure one. So this book is called Crucial Conversations. You can look it up on Amazon. Literally tells you how to start, you know, go through the messy middle and sort of end of all these very serious conversations that you need to have in a business context. After you read that, you just feel like you have the armor to deal with any of the crazy nonsense. Let's say your company or firm scales to like 50, 75 people. A lot of nonsense going on at all.  just probably likely that extraterrestrial life is out there. It's also probably likely that, you know, perhaps we're in a simulation. These are all theories that people talk about probabilistically. Yes. Would you believe that aliens are real or the simulation is real? Which one do you believe more? We're getting a wacky territory here, but if I have to answer, I would say  that they don't have social money, that's fine. Yeah, yeah. You could ask me one question to finish up. What do you got for me? Under what circumstances would you mint pump? For whatever reason, I knew that's what you were going to ask me. I want to see it. There's two things that I'm waiting for. One, I want to see it used at scale in a way that  or very early to do things. When it comes to the content stuff, I'm actually very late to the game on a lot of things. So I don't even have a TikTok, for example, right? And some of it's by design of like, I really got to be convinced something's worth it because I know that once I decide to do something, like it is a multi-year thing. So like that one of the things I tell everyone wants to create content is like, hey, when you start, are you signing up for five years or 10 years? And a lot of people are like, oh, I didn't realize that.  How do you do it? And I think part of, I always go back to this one principle when I worked at Facebook, there's a saying internally that was always deliver more value than you extract, right? Or deliver more value than you deliver or than you take. And in this case, a lot of the use cases that I see, it's probably an equal value transfer, right? It's like, I'm getting as much value as I'm giving. And so I would have to just think more critically about how do you actually  the call. Well no just hypothetically I think you were on our list you're in our like our top 10 and people we wanted to grab but yeah. Listen never say never. No of course. All right man listen I really appreciate you taking the time to do this. I will where do you want people to go. Where can we send them to check out you and roll on the Internet. Yeah yeah so check us out at www.tryroll.com. There's 10,000 people using