 Alright guys, bang bang. Super excited about this conversation. We're gonna do a lot of learning today.  And so I wanted to understand what would good choices look like? Could you create an economy that was sustainable for working people? And I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question.  of color and what was fascinating to me is that technology had not been a positive force from my perspective in the labor movement, specifically low-wage workers, the kind of who was core to the firm changed and all of a sudden service sector workers were making lower wages, they no longer were employees. And what I observed in music is that basically the devaluing of content meant that kind of legacy artists or artists of color, the content was worthless. And so I wanted to understand what worked and I didn't want to go back to school.  It was very, and that really that technology allowed you to figure out, like you could do anything and I wanted our folks to have technology. So I gotta ask, the working with Prince isn't exactly what most people get to spend a part of their career doing. What was that like and kind of what did you do there? So I acted as kind of, I made sure that his world work, my first job was to negotiate with a lawyer to get his master's back. And I actually did it during my  excellent. And he practiced every day, even though as amazing musician as he was, he practiced every day. And that for me was very impressive. And I learned a lot about just commitment to art. And I think he's probably the most radical political person I know. And so also just watching how he used music for leverage in the public space. So I just learned a lot. And my favorite part about music is I felt like people were much more honest. I had a meeting with a president of a record company and he said,  And also made some just learned a lot about the way the world work The world would be a much better place if radical honesty like that was used everywhere, right? We've established the norm for how we talk about things which I thought that was the most transparent communication I've seen in a long time. Yeah, I am I didn't know very little about the music industry But I recently watched there's a two-part documentary on Netflix about Garth Brooks and they go through a lot of the early days and kind of all of the  you would see people and they'd be like, oh my gosh, I got a million dollar deal. And you'd say like, oh, that sounds so great. But then you would realize is they got a three album deal that they had to sell X amount and they got a $10,000 advance and it wasn't actually as great as they thought. So that was one thing I learned a lot about. I don't know if you've ever heard Bill Burr, the comedian talk about Hollywood accounting is a term that he uses. And he basically says, Hollywood accounting is something like we do a deal, you get 60% of profits.  and a lot of the criminal justice reform issues and bail reform. I'm lucky that Van Jones, who was a friend and a woman named Diana Frapier, who I started a promise with, we'd all worked together in different ways for about 12 years. Diana and Van founded the Ella Baker Center and it was focused on criminal justice reform. And so, and then  I think you know, like you feel like your family, I always say like when it's your family member, you're like, this is someone who's dealing with addiction or mental health issues and you see it, but oftentimes people don't see it for other people's family members. And I think when I saw the statistics and I start to have felt them in my own life, in my own personal family's experience, I just was like, this is, it's such a corrupt broken system. And the more I'm in it, the more corrupt I believe it is.  simple things. Some of the data I've seen you share before is two million prisoners are nonviolent and awaiting trial. 70 percent of people in county jails have not yet been convicted of a crime. There are example after example after example all across the country where people do things that you and I would think of as fairly petty, really rule breaking. I don't even think of a parking ticket as a crime necessarily. Right. But they end up. Right. And they end up basically in jail.  ticket in it, the more likely you are. I mean, I did something with an organization called Defy, which is where you go volunteer in a prison, and then it's mostly tech folks. And it was so interesting because for all these tech folks, folks who were in jail, one guy said, I'm in jail for seven years, I did this, and all the tech folks were like, I did that, I did that. And so just the stark reality that someone in America experiences the exact same thing, does the exact same thing, and there are no consequences because they have the resources to stop the consequences. So one is just starts with the over  arrested for a suspended driver's license. And so one thing is we were sitting in Michigan and we're talking with some folks about our software and we were looking at who are the people most likely to not show up for court. And what we saw is it was people who were driving on suspended driver's licenses. And so you thought we were talking about what they were saying, oh, bail should probably be high. And the idea that it's mostly working people who have kids, who have jobs, who are trying to drive their kids to school and that those folks are the people that pay the consequences or face  launched a second software or second product called Promise Pay. And the reason is, is because we were looking at parking tickets, how do people end up in trouble? And we looked at one city and we said, how could I like, if I want to put myself on a payment plan, and the requirement was you have to owe over like $500. So you have to wait until it's so expensive. Then you have to pay 50% upfront. Then you have to bring your tax returns to prove that you deserve to put yourself on a payment plan. And you have to go down to this office downtown during the  simple as a quote unquote good intention rule is, hey, bring your tax plan. We'd love to get you on a payment plan. Sounds like we're helping people, but for all the reasons you're explaining actually end up causing more and more of a problem, right? Yeah. You know, it's weird until I was in the system. I thought it was just like racism or other folks. When you're in it, you realize the system is actually designed that way. And the more I'm in it, the more I see it. I joke that being in the system, I've become a conspiracy theorist. And and for me, it was made  don't think that their own dog should be in that system or have no care speaks to how the system works. And so I think I've definitely become more, I think the system is working the way it was designed to work. So explain that a little bit more. When you say design this way, do you mean designed to imprison people and this is more of like the private prison type issues? Or is this more of just putting as many obstacles in place as possible and then therefore that either leads to more  pay for something that the government provides or that the consequences. Like I realized where I live, they turn you into collections for library fees. Which is not, does it make any sense to me? So I think the system just works in the way and not it criminalizes things like poverty, it criminalizes, and the consequences are very different if you have good representation as an example. What's been great about our work is we have people volunteer to help us.  And the plea deal has no time associated with it, but you can go back to jail with a technical violation. A technical violation could be you miss a meeting with your probation officer, you go through what we saw an example of someone got married outside of the county, so they technically left the county. And so people end up in jail a lot for technical violations. And often because due process goes away with a technical violation. So you don't have a right to a trial in the same way anymore. And so that's, I think, how the system doesn't work is I can't afford to go  you understand the system and you're building products to try to solve and make that easier for people to interface with the system? Is that accurate? Yeah, I think what we've discovered is we want to work in places that people's incentives are aligned. So for example, what we like about payments is no one wants to face the consequences of not having money. And the government wants to get money as quickly and easy as possible because often what it does is it sells its debt as distressed debt to folks and gets 20 cents on the dollar or it pays to track folks down and then they face those consequences.  So anyway, so it allows someone to, the software we've currently done is called Promise Pay. You can go on, you can self-identify and say, this is my income. Then you qualify for a program. We put you on a payment plan. We do things like subscriptions because it doesn't make sense that every month you have to remember. We do reminders by text, use Cash App, Venmo and other ways. Not the assumption is you're gonna have a check or a credit card that is secured. And so just trying to make it as easy as possible for people to pay.  especially when they're nonviolent offenders, all that kind of stuff. And so that's one piece, the prison component, I don't want to spend a lot of time on that. I feel like I could record a whole other episode on what happens once somebody's actually convicted, but specifically around the jail and bail. I think that's probably the one thing that as I learned more and more about it was the most shocking to me was this whole idea that literally, because you do not have enough money, you now have to go sit in jail. Whereas if you had as little as 500 bucks, right? All the way up to 500 bucks,  And so I think that's a really important thing to remember.  have that 10 percent. So if you don't have the 10 percent, you stay in jail. And so that system for us is very broken. And I will say one thing, I think, to your point about I think we use this language of also folks who are not violent, but it's important to know what is violence look like in the criminal justice system. So when we first started working, we're like, oh, we're going to work with nonviolent offenders. And then we one of our clients walked us through me said, OK, I said, like, what's the most violent offense? Just so I can understand most likely to happen.  idea that you're innocent until proven guilty and really bail should be a way for folks to determine like it's supposed to be risk level instead of what it is right now, which is finances. Yeah. And my understanding and you are by far an expert compared to me is around these bail bondsmen, right? Is there's a lot of kind of, I'll call it malicious nefarious activity where they literally as close to the county jail as they can get, they've got their number plastered everywhere. I've literally seen bail bondsmen's in colleges that  an insurance product one to 3%. But most of actually bail bonds are done by a couple of big insurance companies and there might be a local franchise. And so I think what's bad about it is one, it's the best financial product for those insurance providers because very few people don't show up for court. And if they do, the court has to make sure that you pay something. So one is someone's paying a lot of stuff. So like we talked to a startup where they think we could charge one to 3% easily and make money. So one is there's a lot of profits  people pay bail if they're innocent and we know many people are likely to not be charged and then it's like should the system be determined by how much you can pay. So the problems are pretty obvious once you start looking and learning right and I think that you've obviously spent a lot of time doing that. At some point you decided I want to go solve some of this maybe talk me through just like what was the impetus for actually starting a company building software and then what do you think those solutions look like both what you've built already and then kind of where you  and I wanted to think about how did you help large groups of people. So I wanted to think about what could you do that had large scale. And then I wanted to understand how could you use technology for good, which is could technology be designed by people who are thinking about solving problems for poor black and brown people? Would you come with different solutions? Because oftentimes technology was harmful. And so I wanted to understand that. And so then we just looked at what are the spaces and places that that provided the most opportunity  what I looked for. And I thought it was very rare. We knew we raised 12 million in our basically seed round. And I knew that was unusual for someone who wanted to do good and to raise capital from traditional venture capital investors. So I got to ask, how the hell did you raise $12 million for a seed round? Well, we, one is we did it like we did one. We raised money before we had a product or team and then raised like  you should be able to do that again. And so that's one thing. So I think because I ran revenue and I think people invested and a lot of our investors were investors in honor. And then I think the problem is big enough and mostly the software is on the policing side. So I think people are like, there's a market that no one has conquered yet. And then I think we had investors who felt like if there were a solution that they had, I think a lot of our investors are very wealthy and felt like that this was  were getting out of jail without bail. And so it's often what's called pre-trial software. And originally we thought we would be able to work with people who did electronic monitoring or other things. And then we just discovered some of those businesses were so horrific that you could not work with them. So the way that you should think about it is almost like a virtual assistant for someone. So we give them reminders about when their court dates are. We let them, they make sure they have an ability to communicate. We can do virtual meetings instead of having to go in.  technology and software. But I would say I think that product requires that someone wants to get people out of jail. And I don't think there's a venture market of people who want to get people out of jail in the system. I think the reason we did the payments software is because I think we could do something where incentives are aligned. I don't think our incentives are aligned. And part of why we've been very purposeful about where we sell is because I think even good software in the hands of not great people can end up being harmful. I tend to agree with you.  in a scale. And the other thing that I was interested in is I think that capital, that government often aligns with capital more than it does like righteous morals. And so one thing I was like, is could you drive government behavior better by being a for profit or a nonprofit? And I think I still believe it's more likely to adapt to a for profit. And so I thought, you know, what's the best institution, how to use it and also the skill set. Like as someone, I went to Cal State Northridge, right?  it was how do I have the greatest impact? And I think that staffing resources and vehicle and that felt better in a for-profit. And I wish there was a way to do that in a non-profit. I don't know how to do that. I think it's also what I don't like is the assumption also that like people who want change should be broke and people who don't want the idea that it's like we should tell all these people who want better assistance for their family, you should be truthful in like and your truth is living  You've been at this for a while now and you spent a lot of time really understanding the nuances of a lot of the issues. I'm gonna ask you two questions. One, what is the thing you've been most surprised by? And then what is the one thing that you've been the least surprised by that you've learned? I think I've been most surprised by how structured the system is to incarcerate people. That it's just, you know, like you hear the intellectual stuff like where it's like, oh, bail reform,  What I have been least surprised by is, yeah, I've been least surprised by the technology that exists, that it is exactly what I thought it would be. And I think, yeah, I'm pleased. I mean, it was not surprising to me that we run into FileMaker Pro and Microsoft Access all the time. Yeah, it's pretty crazy.  a 90 year old woman, a great piece of technology, if she just doesn't have the desire to ever pick it up, it doesn't matter, right? Same thing here is there's a lot of things where I see people when they're given the tools, they run with it and they're highly successful. Do you find that is the case or do you see much more around where you guys are having to educate on here's how the technology works, here's why it's important that you continue to use it and really even build that into the product maybe? Yeah, I think one is we do a lot of work about, you know, about design, like thinking about how  to manage thousands of people in the criminal justice system. Like you think I want your new software to help connect to my FileMaker Pro that I can't use on my cell phone? Like it's like, you know, so one I get, I think on that side. What we find is people, the thing I find consistently is most, I have not run into anyone who wanted to go to jail. And so when you give them a tool to stay out of it, it is not shocking that they use it. It is, what's been interesting is people started coming to me  is good technology. It is shocking that one of the breakthroughs is literally, hey, if they don't pay, they're going to go to jail. So if you make it easier to pay, they'll actually pay you. Like that is that to me is the biggest takeaway from our conversation so far of like just how absurd the other side of this looks at it. Right. Because if we assume that people don't want to go to jail, then you assume they don't pay because they don't have the ability to or they don't pay because it's not easy to pay. And when you correct for that, people perform better. It is not shocking.  because government is usually our client, people like we get a phone number, we can just reach out to you, which is much different. And what's great for us about government is usually most of our business comes from government agencies recommending us to another government agency, by and large. We don't have a sales team right now. We have like, it is almost always, we just hired our first sales person. And, but otherwise all our growth has been from person to person. That's awesome. I love that. Before I wrap up, I asked the same two questions to everybody. And then you're going to get to ask me one question to finish.  exposure being one of the most powerful things in the world. Just exposing people to ideas and what's possible can really kind of drive that. Sounds like that book did that for you. Absolutely. All right. A fun one. Aliens, believer or non-believer? Oh, total believer. Why? Because I know that you don't know everything the government's doing. Almost everybody says they believe, but nobody has used that as the reason why. That is amazing.  a lot of very well connected people that come on the podcast. And many of them are incredibly receptive to generally being good humans. And as I told you before the podcast started, things like bail reform, criminal justice reform, I think they intellectually understand this is a problem, solutions can be created. I think a lot of them actually are in a position of like, I don't know what to do. So like, that's kind of a piece that you probably would have a great conversation with.  How can you I'm trying to grow a company. How can you help me grow my company? Look it's um, who is that? I think it's Mark Sustra from uh, upfront ventures one time wrote a uh, a blog post and he's basically said you don't get if you don't ask Right, which which is uh, I don't know why uh, necessarily people need to read a whole blog post about it But he did a great job laying it out and really explaining to people like hey if you don't ask people for help, you're not going to get help Totally. Okay, cool All right, you let me know when you're going to come back on and we'll talk about a couple other things