 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Sunna here. Super excited about this. Thanks so much for taking the time to do it. Thanks for having me. For sure. So, for like the 10 people on crypto Twitter who don't know who you are, let's start with your background. Where did you grow up and what did you do before you got to San Francisco in technology? Yeah, sure. You know, I got into Bitcoin when I was in  I joined Alation. It was just close at Series A. It's a data cataloging startup. And so it's pretty similar to blockchain actually, because you get transparency into how data transforms, who's doing what. And so I think just thematically, that's always been something important to me is integrity of information and democratizing access to it. We scaled the company out quite well. You know, the Series C was just co-led by Salesforce and Sapphire Ventures. And at the time, I was doing  because I wanted it to stay high signal in terms of who's part of the community and what they were building. And we just had such great people come through. Like, Lolly launched on Token Daily, Compound, just a really great crew of super ambitious builders. Got it. And so in the beginning when you started Token Daily, was it more focused on kind of filtering and curating other people's work, or were you guys trying to actually create more original content yourselves?  classify things into binary good or bad, we would just illustrate trade-offs. Like here's the vision that someone is after. Here are the trade-offs we foresee, will allow you to moralize for yourself. And I think that the best curators and hubs of information allow the reader to get all the facts and make those decisions for themselves. That's a very rare idea these days. So I think there's a lot of opinions floating around. And then so what kind of has evolved since then, right?  community and a lot of these resources and also align incentives and put capital behind these great founders that we think should have a chance and really, you know, bring their projects to life. So we spent out bulk capital and that's the venture arm and the community arm is token daily. And, you know, we're just backing really great founders from the token daily community that are building pretty cool ideas. And we, you know, we can jump into the thesis if you'd like, but, you know, our actual community comes in from  entrepreneurs that had nothing to lose. They were super fringe. They were building mining companies. You know, even though a lot of them had unsavory interests, it was, you know, just the thing to do. And then the second wave were really ambitious engineers at these bigger companies. And of course, the, um, can awful example being a Coinbase with Ryan Arts on being at Airbnb. Uh, then in this third wave are repeat entrepreneurs who have successfully exited or safely landed a company.  company is just an engineer who's excited and has kind of really powerful ideas and they go and they build. Well, by the time that three, four, five years goes by and they want to start something else, like by nature, they have now transitioned into the repeat entrepreneur bucket, right? So it's actually the same person. It's just that over time they're able to gain more experience. And so you're starting, I think, to see now a couple of people who have started their second or third company within crypto. And if you look at their journey, like the first company  but they just really understand something and are quite successful with it. Totally. Yeah, I think the lesson there is always invest in Stewart Butterfield starting a gaming company and you might end up with a slew of other companies that do incredibly well. Yeah. I think that's a great point. Tell me more about Volt Capital. So obviously you guys, it sounds like are kind of leveraging early access and kind of information there, but what's the thesis? Kind of how have you guys constructed that?  business models that are leveraging digital assets. So these are the companies that I believe are going to help crypto cross the chasm. There are three directional bets this falls under. So the first one is end user infrastructure. And it's not to be confused with, you know, developer infrastructure. These are end user facing. These are primarily top of the stack. They look like, you know, data and analytics tooling. They look like identity solutions like our recent investment in magic. And the second directional bet we're  And these are generally anything that carves out a traditional asset intermediary. And one example here that was pretty fun that I scouted earlier on in my career was Matrix League. And this is a company that's building the Robin Hood layer on top of the esports and allowing, you know, these incredibly loyal esports fans to go from passive observers of tournaments to active participants. So that's generally what we focus on. I think the space is still incredibly early, even though that's been the case.  been done across people working in that space. And so I've previously, obviously, as long as everyone else heard decentralized finance, right, which is literally the decentralization of the services. I personally have used the terminology automated finance, where some of automated finance is decentralized, some of it's not. You're using a term open finance, maybe just kind of elaborate a little bit like open finance. Does that include automation? Does that include decentralization? Is it something completely different? Like, how do you think those three terms, maybe  cost by is Web 2.0. And so I think open finance then allows you to group both of those underneath that. And speaking of in terms of protocols, we do have a staking arm called TD Labs. You may have noticed that we are in the top 10 or 11 validators now on Cello. And the focus of the fund is not to invest in tokens, but we do like to run scripts and understand protocols better and generate insights  that lends itself for the institutional world. For you guys, is there a certain LP group that you feel like is a good fit or is it more of kind of you're really working across the spectrum? Yeah, there's a mix. I'm finding that more and more, you know, these larger funds are realizing that it's probably more judicious to diversify into equity and liquid positions. And so, and that wasn't  And then let's back away from crypto for a second. And obviously there's all this chaos going on in the world. One being COVID-19, but also some of the economic shocks that have been happening. Let's start with COVID-19. Like what have you guys seen on the ground at the very earliest stages of these companies being formed? How has that impacted the entrepreneurs and the things that they're building? Yeah, that's the thing is it hasn't. And I'm glad you distinguish between earlier companies and later companies.  a healthy series A or B down the line instead. It's just not worth it to them to sacrifice those terms for seed extensions or whatnot. But I think later stage investing is where you're seeing a lot of the change because a few things are happening. One, a lot of these larger funds are returning inward and making sure their companies who are close to successfully exiting have runway to get there. And what you're finding ironically is that  to see funding rounds. It's the old analogy of like building the plane while in midair, literally finding out that you don't have some of the parts, right? And say, hey, we really need help. And then on the economic side, one of the big things is, you know, I continue to say this is like the number one debate in finance right now. Inflationary or deflationary environment in the short term and inflationary versus deflationary environment of long term. Where one do you come out on that?  the S&P is slightly down if not up. And so, we're obviously seeing massive spending. The Fed has expanded its balance sheet, 9 trillion plus. And so what that tells me is for those that are familiar with the Canton effect is a lot of this just hasn't been circulated into the economy. We haven't had prices reflect this fresh supply and it may very well just be absorbed and show no changes.  And the reason is because the relationship between different parties within the market are not readily apparent or understood. And so you see a lot of exotic derivatives, you see a lot of interesting reshuffling of balance sheets and just a lot of things that are not really apparent. So to think that it's going to be a seesaw where you have one movement causing something else on the other end, I think is naive at best, if not ignorant.  And I'm exaggerating of course, but you know the US dollar is stronger your purchasing power goes up in these environments, right? And so Bitcoin's narrative as a store of value all of a sudden is not as enticing but what we foresee is that you know a lot of the Printing that we're doing now is going to have ramifications down the line these things compound and that's when Bitcoin becomes, you know more attractive asset class at least in the US now, this isn't the  you know, reset. Yeah, one of the things that I think people are quickly waking up to that cracks me up is, well, there's two things. So one is the stock market obviously is completely dislocated from any economic reality. And a lot of that has to do with the central bank actions. But two is home prices. So I did a recent kind of dive down the rabbit hole. And exactly what you described, right, you would imagine that, hey, there's this economic shock, people lose their jobs, there's all these issues, home prices will come down, people want liquidity, you know,  complex thing that I think to your point a single equation just makes it almost nearly impossible to actually evaluate what's gonna happen, right? Absolutely. Yeah, I completely agree with that. People become pretty irrational. You know, they're just things you can't anticipate or you'll have an idea of what will happen going in. Or even ideas that seem nonsensical at the time like V-shaped recovery everyone laughed at and all of a sudden people are taking seriously. So I think someone had tweeted something to the effect of  So if you Bitcoin being the easiest example, all of the things that somebody would look at as kind of the fundamentals of Bitcoin that drive value, do you see kind of that dislocation seeping into the crypto markets as well? Or do you feel like it's somewhat sheltered or insulated from that? You know, the hope and the answer you'd want to say is that they would be tied together and everything would make sense and there wouldn't be room for, you know, a forward-looking market versus the underlying economic engine.  the difference though this time is that there's transparency around it. There's more transparency, there isn't this double spend problem. And so it's fine for markets to look forward, it's just not fine for there to be quite literally white collar crimes in terms of what's going on with the balance sheet, in terms of what's going on with printing and not, and I can certainly personally think it's a fine  partner for Robinhood or I believe the only for Robinhood crypto and you know, they're looking at DeFi and they think it's interesting and you know, they're increasingly seeing, you know, stablecoins enter FX markets. They're saying that that's increasingly the payment rail through which money flows around different countries and we also launched alongside, you know, Cumberland DRW, CMT Digital and a few others and you know, the problem that we find with a lot of these DeFi projects is it's kind of  an interesting way for a lot of traditional finance to be done in a system where it's more accessible to everybody, where you're able to access the same types of crediting system, loaning system, borrowing, whatever, across different countries without the need to have a bank. And so when you see those large firms, right, everyone from jump trading, you described to literally we saw filing where Renaissance technology wants to kind of trade Bitcoin,  with other markets, right, the stock market or whatever there. Right, that's an excellent question. And there are a few reasons. One, headline risk, two, technical ease and just where we are technically in terms of user experience is not quite there yet. And the amount of resources you need to dedicate in order to integrate these products and to be able to get engineers up to speed oftentimes is just a sunk cost for a lot of these firms that frankly don't understand it at this point.  because we're tackling them. Once we get those nailed, I think that a lot more are going to be coming in. And honestly, I think it's going to be driven by user demand. So we're going to have more of a bottom-up type of pressure. The more people that use it, the larger it gets, the harder it is to ignore. Yeah, and I guess one of the things I've been really interested in is this element of trust. So especially in the decentralized world where it's really supposed to be trustless. If you're a large asset manager,  that's kind of like the safest, most conservative thing to do in the space. But if you want to go put even half a billion dollars to work in DeFi, I just don't know if that's possible yet. And so kind of how do you think through, is it something where it just takes time? Is it something where we need kind of the courageous asset management firm that's the first through the door and they're the ones who risk it all and put a big sum of money in? Like how does that kind of sequentially play out in your opinion?  and to actually engage with these emerging crypto systems for it to be a rounding error for them if they're wrong and for it to be career defining if they're right. But the thing is that a lot of people that are up and coming or emerging, the ones that are really enticed by this may not be wanting to take that career risk because if they're right, they're really right. And if they're wrong, the market doesn't kind of punishes people for taking chances early on in their careers. So what you need are more established people  that and convinced that that exists in the larger crypto blockchain ecosystem, what they end up doing is they just buy Bitcoin. Right. And that's kind of like the really risky thing that they do. When you then go talk to people who are obviously building this stuff operating in the ecosystem, they're like, Bitcoin's like the conservative boring thing. Right. Like that, like that thesis is so boring compared to I think what you and I are talking about. And so how do you think that happens? Like, do we actually need to see these folks who are at traditional firms leave and go start their  Bitcoin is super high risk and they're like emerging right now. It's just simply, you know, information velocity and information asymmetry, of course. So, you know, being into it day in, day out, you're more sensitive to changes. On the outside, it seems like a monolith and as though it hasn't changed really at all. In terms of how we get people in, look, the thing is, is, you know, the future goes from being incredibly, you know, seemingly impossible to being inevitable and similar to the companies that missed out on, you know, early Internet days, similar to  organically like this, it's going to be bottoms up. It's going to be a lot of users demanding it. It's going to be nimble and smaller companies. And this goes back to the innovator's dilemma, being able to sense that, integrate it, expand users, and then have incumbents, you know, cave to the pressure if it's not too late. So that brings me to somebody like Square, right? Which I think is probably the only, I'll call it a traditional technology company, which is somewhat of a slight by accident towards them because they're definitely not  like a, hey, you need a Jack Dorsey running it. And unless the leader buys in, you'll just never see these other companies kind of jump in and they'll actually get disrupted. So going towards your like blockbuster example, like literally the large banks, they'll just never kind of get in through the open protocols and things like that. And they ended up getting disrupted. Yeah, it can be a mix of them. It actually reminds me of, you know, the open source versus closed source wars, you know, in the early, what I've read in the early nineties and, you know,  end of a lot of products and we don't even notice the difference as users but you know folks that were too slow to you know really leverage and harness that technology just become you know names in history that you don't really remember. Yeah. Yeah. And then you've got a very interesting thesis on Africa. Maybe talk through just like what's the interest there and kind of how does that play out. Yeah. So I recently did an essay  And you know, there's also the narrative that's also pretty commonly known is that this is a mobile first continent. So they got to skip the legacy infrastructure like landlines and are instead jumping into mobile first types of behaviors. And the second or third most popular thing they do on their phones is payments. But the kicker and the part that really shocks people that I don't think they really fully understand is that the average age on the continent of Africa, the average age of the population is 19 years old.  That's really important in terms of trying to figure out where the future is headed in terms of mobile payments and FinTech. FinTech and crypto are some of the largest investments that foreign investors make in African countries. And so, I think that it's incredibly important to look at the behaviors there, the companies there. There's a great company called Biclines and they provide a on-ramp, off-ramp for crypto. And they're essentially bringing this pretty informal economy and making it more formal.  to today, you know, things like M-Pesa, et cetera, are well-documented. Do you feel like there's this natural blending between crypto and that type of innovation that they've already seen? Or is this a separate thing? Right? Because in the US right now, it's pretty separated. There's very few things like a cash app where you can do both. It's either like I've got a mobile application that can do crypto, and I've got one that does my traditional banking. I think people are trying to close that gap, but in Africa,  monetary transmission essentially, like separating the state from money. And it doesn't make sense as much when you're in the US and you can reliably use the dollar versus places where there is rampant hyperinflation and then FinTech and crypto, I think converge to one, whereas in other countries that don't suffer from this rapid hyperinflation, it doesn't make as much sense or they're all alternatives. And so when we see that, even in behaviors,  And it was that way for, I believe, decades. And just last week, 7,000 liras now equals a dollar. And the first sex I got were my parents saying, we finally get this Bitcoin thing. We understand what this means. And so they're the first folks that experience hyperinflation are the first to understand it on a really visceral level and won't distinguish fintech from crypto because it's one of the same. It's their finances. Yeah. So I didn't know that you were Lebanese. I got a million  I'm losing part of my savings, right? And I just can't buy things. Is that accurate? Or do you feel like as they're seeing prices rise and there's the community talking about it, they actually get up to speed very quickly on monetary policy and finance? Oh, 100%. Like, Lebanese people are like, they're incredibly smart Lebanese people, the civilians, the bank's actions do not reflect what the civilians know. They're very well aware of the fact that their monetary policy is bullocks. And they're well aware  that don't have cash and you open them up, there's no cash that you can actually extract from them and you're realizing, and the story behind that is that people are taking greenbacks and going to the border of Turkey and Syria and selling them at a premium. It's so valuable to them and they understand that it's monitoring fiscal decisions and that's probably why they are doing things like if you've seen the coverage of protests burning banks, it's because they understand the root of their problems and they want to opt out. The problem is, and I've had many texts come in,  that's something that I think should be rapidly explored because people are really smart and they know this probably better than we do. Yeah. What I read that was really interesting about Lebanon specifically is people could go and we've seen capital controls before in other countries where they basically say, Hey, you can only withdraw X number of the currency, right? So whether it's $500 worth, $1,000 worth, whatever. I think people are kind of used to that. But the thing that was really interesting is that they would not let you withdraw on anything other than the Lyra. So you couldn't withdraw in dollars or, you know, any other currency.  I remember flipping on the TV when I was visiting my family, mainstream Arabic TV news and seeing the Bitcoin logo behind the news anchor. And I remember thinking that was the moment I have never been more bullish on Bitcoin. I remember thinking like this is absolutely the future. Yeah. And so like what does somebody on the ground in Lebanon do? Right. You mentioned that they kind of understand the problems. They know that there are services out there. Obviously your family and friends can reach out to you.  return. It's very ephemeral and kind of brute force. It feels like they're brute forcing the con the conversion of you know their fiat currency like the lira to Bitcoin and you know frankly for a lot of folks that don't even have much in savings it's tough to you know even think about converting into Bitcoin when they're you know trying to figure out how to put food on the table right or they can't even hold on to anything to save in order to convert  like it sounds like maybe not promoting it, but trying to educate people, trying to help protect them. Absolutely. Right. I think that's very different than the way it's treated here by the media. And some of that, it's just, you know, the dollar works pretty good for, you know, majority of people. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, any, any problem that you're distanced from doesn't seem as serious until you're experiencing it. And I think that's exactly the case with what's going on with, you know, their actual currency. If it's primarily speculative,  they're sitting in the US with US dollars and a lot of debts are of course generating US dollars around the world and they're unable to pay with their own currency and it's like, you know, it probably wasn't, it's not, frankly, it's not designed for you exactly. And it's not to say that there aren't many underbanked folks. I think in New York, the stat was actually pretty astonishing. It was like in New York City, a third or something, or roughly if people are underbanked and the center of gravity there is around the Bronx, I believe.  hey, you had a currency, you screwed it up. I don't care what you bring up next. Like we don't trust you as the owner or controller of the currency. Yeah, they would absolutely not trust it. If they're forced to use it, they're going to use it. But at this point, I do believe just based anecdotally on what I've seen, Bitcoin has USD, of course, the greenback is the one that everybody wants to get. But Bitcoin is as of now the next best thing.  or something technical or whatever, I always wonder, would people kind of write off the idea of separation of state and money? And we don't know, obviously, but it's just something, it's a really interesting kind of mental exercise to go through. Yeah, I mean, historically looking at the digital currency attempts that came before Bitcoin, I actually didn't see significant adoption. I believe Eagle is probably like the most popular. And just because it was shut down didn't necessarily  ones are there for it to happen, you know, you'll figure out a way. But I'm an optimist in that regard. Absolutely. I want to finish up talking about kind of consolidation and mergers acquisitions in the crypto space. Maybe talk a little just about what you guys are seeing there. You talked earlier about some of the larger companies having to raise these emergency rounds of funding. Obviously, if they can't get that, the next best thing is to figure out, you know, who can we go buddy up with? But just kind of what are you guys seeing in that space around M&A? Right. So,  integrated and required based on the returns as opposed to talent tech or licensing. So we're seeing more horizontal M&A right now, which is indicative of what market appetite is like, but do you think it's going to improve just historically on how Bitcoin has moved in the next 12 to 15 months? So it sounds like one of the obstacles or friction points is actually just the balance sheets of companies that would be the acquirer. There's only so many companies that can actually have  which can be acquired or merged, perhaps merged, but certainly not acquired. But, you know, they've been botched as in the case of steam recently, but I do foresee us having a few horizontal mergers based on how the market goes, maybe a few more than a few. But once we're in a bull market, you'll probably know because we'll see a lot more of these financial M&A's happening. And I guess, so decentralization, I'm in complete agreement there that that's kind of an oxymoron, but do you feel like we'll start to see  you'd probably lose a lot of ardent followers in the network, especially if it was under the pretext of it being decentralized. People never fail to find ways to surprise you, so I wouldn't rule it out. I love that. That's a good perspective to have. I finished up each interview with the same two questions. The first one is, what is the most important book that you've ever read? The most important book I've ever read is definitely colored by recency bias, but Space Barons.  each do in order to want to afford to build space companies to do a serious upheaval of a sector that had incumbents that were giving kickbacks to former employees to start companies that were zombies and kept them afloat. In order to break that up and allow the private sector a chance to compete in space is so inspiring. And I think that every person in crypto should read it because you see this in finance, you see this in education,  earlier this year in the middle of COVID and everyone's like, yeah, aliens, sure, why not? At this point, bring more away. So it's even scarier than that. So the UFO thing, when I saw it, at first I didn't understand why no one was freaking out. And then I guess that the videos had already leaked on Reddit and stuff like years ago. Yeah, yeah, they had. And this was just kind of confirming it. But the one that I saw recently that just, you know, you kind of look around the room and you're like, am I the only person reading this? I think a year or two ago,  think through this, you're like, all right, maybe there is an improvement in technology that we've had where like, you know, we're just now able to detect things in space that we previously weren't able to, but they're going to be explained in some natural phenomenon, you know, in the future. But like, if we find enough radio signals, like, you're telling me none of them are going to be alien? Like, come on, if we find 1000 of them, right, it's kind of like planets. When you were in school, there was nine planets. Like when I was in elementary, there was nine planets. Right. There's Pluto dirty.