 All right, guys, bang, bang. Tyrone is back. Round two. He's got the long Bitcoin short the banker shirt on. He's ready to roll. I'm ready to go, man. What's up? It's going up. All right. For those that didn't listen to the first episode that we did together and don't follow you on the Internet, which at this point seems impossible, maybe you just start with kind of a two minutes on your background and kind of the work you're doing.  I got a full scholarship to run track, went to Georgia Tech, was also the first in my family to get kicked out of college. So left Georgia Tech, I ended up at Seton Hall, where I finished up my bachelor's there and then started a graduate program where I actually learned about Wall Street. I was 26 years old before I knew anything about the stock market or anything like that. So right now, currently licensed financial advisor, director of community at Alchus and host of the Human  a lot of speaking and engagement on that as well. And again, for those who don't realize or know, at TR401, you go on Twitter, you get the whole spiel. So there's a couple of people who are tweeting me asking, what is altruist? So let's just start there. I've seen the podcast. It makes every other podcast look like nobody knows what they're doing because it's super high quality. I said, I've never seen a podcast where somebody walks down the street in her cords, but I respect the hell out of it. So what exactly is altruist? Yeah, salute to that.  about hosting a podcast and I'm like, I ain't pumped. Like I ain't, I'm not trying to host no podcast. Like I'm off that. I don't want no smoke with him. But Jason was like, listen, you told your story. We think that we could do something different here with you helping advisors tell their stories and just really getting away from the jargon and everything. And I'll keep it a buck. We changed the game. There's no way you could turn on that podcast and relate it to any other thing that's in our business, financial services, there's nothing like it.  the people of the story tell their own story, right? It's a new way to do it. You guys are doing a great job there. Any specific story that you guys have covered there that really stands out to you is like, man, that was either one awesome story or two, you kind of walked away and were just like, I'm so glad I decided to do this. Yeah, great question. It's funny, you front running me a bit because I got a piece coming out, the details the whole season. But I will say this, the one that sticks out the most is probably  And I'm literally listening to the woman version of my own life. Again, first generation high school graduate, grew up poor, like, you know, and she's a white woman who's a lesbian, but, and she's being interviewed by a black man, right? We grew up on different sides of the country, but that humanity and that story, we were almost one, right? And I'm just, I mean, we got so lost in the conversation and when we got, we got, we wrapped, everybody was like, oh, that was dope. Like, you know what I mean? It was just so rich.  I think I've got these unique life experiences that helps me understand as a white dude how to talk about some of these issues that most people just never see, right? And it was, I've literally still with a gun in a war zone, right? And I've also been next to a bunch of black teammates in college who just frankly, just racist ass situations that have happened. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question.  then you've got the economic shock, then you've got the civil rights and kind of all the police brutality protests, and even turning into riots in some cases. And it just feels like social media makes it seem like the world's ending. We know it's not ending. We know we live in the most prosperous time in human history, but it also feels like a lot of the people who are standing up and saying things don't come out of the finance world as much. So maybe talk a little bit about kind of how you see the world today, and then also kind of the interaction  You know, those are... And it sounds like we can't tell the DMP story right now too, but whatever. So, this fits so nice right here. But honestly though, thank you for doing that because again, it brings light to everything that is going on. And yes, we are in a time where we're still in the middle of the greatest wealth transfer the world has ever seen. We're in the middle now of, again, which is the civil rights movement of this era. There's tremendous income inequality, financial illiteracy, so many different  $1 billion. The financial services industry spends on marketing financial services less than 1% on financial education. That's sickening, right? When you look at almost half of the population do not own stock. Let's not forget for one second. This is an economic issue. Also, financial advisors are complicit. We sell our services to the rich don't necessarily give our time to the poor, right? And then when you look at the numbers, the poor people's campaign of America says there's roughly 140 million people in this country  And I think that's one of the core solutions to the problem. So that's what I feel like I want to do. But I don't think we get there unless there are people again, like yourself who address some of the, again, this is systemic and structural, right? So we got to put those together and also embracing our history. I just got done with a panel while I was saying this. Oh, well, financial services is very, you know, male pale and stale as they say, okay, well, let's go all the way back to the origin of Wall Street. Slaves built Wall Street and then they turned around and sold them.  right, and really start to address some of these issues. We won't progress, but again, you're starting to see some of the Confederate statues come down and some, you know, a lot of other conversations down there that are being had. People are having conversations like this, the piece that you wrote. We got to get uncomfortable a little bit and then we'll move on. Last thing I'll say is it is incredibly funny to me that, and I think this is why you're able to stand up and take internet bullets because you've taken real bullets, like literally winning a field with a gun. So it's like, it's,  to make it better for our communities. Yeah, what's interesting to me about the entire situation, right? And when I say entire situation, there's a race element, there's a police brutality element, there's economic element, and they're very, very intertwined. So I'm not going to try to unpack, you know, a piece of it, but they're all very intertwined. Is really what we end up getting is it's all actually overlaid with a poverty, like the lens, right? And so what ends up happening is you can take that poverty lens and you can literally apply it to the economic situation, obviously.  And it just feels, and that by the way, works in both directions, right? Cause here's the other piece that I will say this, um, that I think is important to kind of keep us intellectually honest is we get in a world where everyone's protesting police brutality. And then we see a situation where a cop shoots somebody and I always say, okay, details really matter because actually there's certain situations where like, if you're shooting at a cop and a cop shoots back and kills you, I'm probably not going to be able to do that. And then we see a situation where we're like, okay, I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm going to shoot at a cop and I'm  And I try to say, look, I can't give you financial advice, but let me just understand a little bit more about your situation. And almost always, they are doing things that play right into the hands of a system that has stacked the deck against them, right? They're living in all cash. They don't make investments. They spend more than they make, like all these things. So maybe talk a little bit about just like, we know it's a problem. How do we start to start to see that? And I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question.  Everything has its place, as my mother would say, right? But let's just look at what they're stealing. They're running after their gods, Gucci, Prada, Fendi, the idolatry in this country, and what we made them believe is important to them are things. Not educating them enough to say, hey, Rolex, a Gucci bag comes out of you. So we've put nothing in them. So now we're looking at the mirror of our failings. Also, that's one side.  But that's how when you look at the poverty in Detroit that I have seen poverty all over this country. You have not seen poverty until you've seen squalor in Detroit and then you go to Beverly Hills and you look at the difference. And there's a man that's worth $100 billion in this country and there are people literally who don't have clean water. That's what you're seeing in the streets right now. Now, okay, great Tyrone, you addressed the issue. How do we fix it? So now we have to focus on solutions.  I robbed you. But if I give you that money and in turn give you the blueprint on how to turn that dollar into $2 and then how I was in the position to give you that dollar, I robbed you if I just gave you money. I did you no benefit. So I think that's the one thing that our industry does very poorly. Right. And I think someone actually said this on the podcast, shout out to Emily. He said, our business has done a good job of getting the numbers right and the people wrong. And I think he nailed it with that one. And so now let's go to  doing or people day trading and beating more and buffing, that's access for people that have never had access before. So now, yes, we have a responsibility. Now I've exposed you. Now I have to educate you. But there's two types of ignorance. Ignorance, I just don't know. And an ignorance pump told me and I don't give a crap. Right. So I think we have to then go in, expose them, educate them. Now the biggest part is the last E, which is empowerment. After I've done those two, I have to empower you. Meaning what?  for these kids in this school, right? Not that same school where the parents have put all the resources or whatever, this one here. So now we're getting into schools earlier. Oh, by the way, financial advisors should give up an hour of their time per day to go into these schools, support the teachers, help them with lesson plans or whatever, not to change the curriculum, but we have to be more accessible. And then I think the last piece of the empowerment is, think about this. If all of the Blackstone, BlackRock,  all denominations, all backgrounds, all creeds, all religions, and have a tour. Go all the way around the country instead of us going to all these fancy conferences and drinking ourselves silly. And there's S&P palm trees in the lobby, right? And then really start to educate people. And then, oh, by the way, there's some telefinance where we call people in the most impoverished areas in this country. Is there anything that we can help you with from a budgeting standpoint? Personal finance standpoint. Do you understand how your SNAP or your EBT card works, right? Are you getting social  And then say, okay, well, you lack identity, you lack a bank account. If you lack these things, you can't do anything else. So we have to get you these resources, build infrastructure around you. And then, oh, by the way, you'll learn that these people are severely illiterate in terms of what it means to, what is a maiden name? What is a debit? What is a credit? Who cares about your raw conversion? We can, like, we got to get away from that. So we have to get on people's eye level and financial advice. And again, I'm going long winded here, but I'm super fired up about it.  peers. So she's like, are you aware of investor.gov? I'm like, I'm not and I feel terrible because I'm a financial advisor. But she's like, check out investor.gov. There's a wealth of information there. People don't know that's there. They built it. But if it's not being brought to the people, how do they know it's going to help them? Yeah, and I think that one of the things that's really interesting to me is I've always said to people, many of the folks that you're talking about have the skills. They don't know they have the skills. They don't  somehow got in and they got an hour of time dedicated in the morning while the students were there. And I went, I think two or three times during this program. And every time I would go, a lot of them were old white guys, right? They were teaching this stuff and they were trying to help. And I would always say to them, I want those three guys. And it was always, always the kids in the back of the class that were sleeping, that were doing whatever. And when I'd get back there, they would ask, why do you want to work with them? They're the troublemakers of the class, whatever. I said, because I got to do the least amount of work to get them to build a business.  And it was because he already had kind of entrepreneurship bug. Now that's not for everybody, but at the same time, there's a lot of kids, especially today with social media, they want the things as you describe, right? They want the Gucci bag, they want the car, they want the house, they want whatever. But nobody is there to tell them this is how you get it, right? And this is how you kind of backwards plan off of it. And then, you know, one of the things that cracks me up is people in tech all have the same thing. If I say to you, Hey, how do you build, you know, a hundred million dollar business, you basically start doing math backwards, right? Okay, well, if I need a hundred million dollars, I'm going to do math.  It's like once you start in a community with exposing some portion of people and they're the first to be exposed, if it works correctly, eventually that becomes the standard, the expectation. Absolutely. It's kind of like, hey, this is what we do. And that's true of going to college. That's true of financial education of whatever, but you got to start with exposure. It feels like. Yeah. 100%. It all starts with exposure. And this is what I yell about on Twitter is like, I get all the other things that you folks are talking about, but they're just not exposed again. I am exhibit A.  my parents had no choice because they didn't have it, right? So a lot of it is making sure that it starts in the home, but people say, oh, well, you blame the parents. Well, what do you want my parents to do? They were just trying to keep the damn lights on. They're not worried about shares of freaking Amazon. You mean like they're just trying to make sure that, you know, my sister and I could eat and they could, so financial planning and all that stuff is meeting people where they are. But again, now that I was exposed, my nephews now who are  I started getting letters in the mail. I went to my high school coach. I'm like, what are these? Like, why are they calling my house? He was like, for college. I'm like, what are you, huh? You know what I mean? Like, what is this? Why do they want to come to my house? Like, my mother will beat somebody up. You don't want to just come by my house for no reason. So he's like, no, they want to recruit you. Like, I had to learn that whole thing. I'd never known anybody who went to college before. So the exposure is a very big piece. And I think that is probably the simplest and the most  So one of the things that things really important is when we talk about financial education, you're not talking about buy Amazon, buy this, sell this, short this, whatever. You're specifically talking about what I call like more structural education. This is how money works. This is why inflation works against you. Here's here's what certain assets can do. Even things like spend less than you make. Here's how a credit card works. Here's why you want to pay it off. Like that's the type of stuff you're talking about, right? Absolutely. You'll love this. I've been  Again, want to talk about a failure as a country. The people literally don't know what money is. If you don't know what money is, how in the world do you do anything? So you're just operating blind. And literally he told me that and I stared at him and I was like, are you, he said, million page view. What is money? Like, so we have that. And then there's this big gap of just wilderness. And we expect people to get a job  And again, I'm still in a situation where my life is a lot different from my families and my friends and people that I know. So I know people where $800 a month is a lot of money to them, right? Like, and they're still in the struggle. So being very close to that, you realize that the stock market's a liar. And we know that, right? For the people that are invested and those of us that are privileged to have investment accounts, Bitcoin and credit cards, all life is grand.  like this whole idea of the stock market going up and the economic data getting worse ends really poorly, right? And I don't know how it ends, when it ends, all that kind of stuff. But what I do feel is really interesting is that it is the ultimate highlighting of why financial education matters, right? And ultimately comes down to if you understand when money gets printed,  So somebody goes from what we'll call not well educated or not educated at all on the financial side to, okay, I start to understand this stuff. What do they look to do? They want to buy stocks, they want to save. Like what do you see is some of the first actions that they normally go down and end up leading to being successful financially? Really, really good question. So, and I feel like I have a unique lens of this as an advisor. So one of the things that you constantly, and again, we realized one of the biggest issues here is,  Is it your grandfather walking you down to the bank or is it scarcity like it was with me the landlord banging on the door? Right big difference how you operate as an adult. The other thing is now what is your relationship with money? Right. What does that look like now you get money? What do you do? Is it in one hand and out the other is it immediately to save is it immediately to look for an opportunity to flip like those are habits So I asked those two questions. The next thing is I don't care who you are. Where are you from where you went to school your color?  means to budget, right? Really what it means, a personal finance, to make sure that I have these different buckets for different things in my life. I've addressed the behavioral part of myself when it comes to money. Those are two big buckets. The last then is, okay, and here's the other thing is people say, well, okay, well, I don't have any leftover. Like, all right, fine. Right? Visualize. Take a white piece of paper, draw a line down the middle. Everything that comes in, everything that goes out. Got a number over here.  That's the ultimate goal, six to one year of savings based on whether you're single, married, whatever. Cool. Savings is a privilege, right? From growing up in a house where savings was never a conversation, because there was nothing to be saved. If you could save, it's a privilege. With that said, there's conversations with people who say, well, I have savings, but I have credit card debt. I have savings, but I have a $700 car payment. I have savings. Well, why do you have savings?  And then you can start to direct that towards maybe a immediate savings bucket or directing that to other payments that you have, again, so many different things that people have. Looking at making sure they maximize their work benefits, which a lot of people don't do. So those are really the conversations that people want to get a hold of and understand. They just don't know how to manage the finances of their life. Well, how do I allocate my 401k?  How does crypto and Bitcoin fit into this? Really good question. So, and especially the time right now, I've never been more bullish for Bitcoin and crypto overall. Like I am incredibly fired up more now than I ever have for a lot of reasons, especially DeFi, but we'll get to that. But I think right now, what you're seeing is when even younger clients, when they look at their portfolio, when they look at what's going on, you're stealing people who've never uttered the term  like it sells itself. It doesn't need us. So I just once that awareness comes about and it's like almost like the thing with Bitcoin, I think who was just saying this. I just wrote a piece and he was saying it's like once you see it, you can't unsee it. Right. But so I feel like moving forward the way I look at it, long dated call option or store value right now as we move forward in these uncertain times and you had just tweeted it's done everything it was supposed to do in this environment. So right now it should be a part of a  a cornerstone of a portfolio, a cornerstone of self sovereignty, a cornerstone of getting away from the legacy banking system, a cornerstone of what it means to accumulate wealth and be a part of the greatest wealth transfer in history. Now we double down on the conversation about Bitcoin and especially to those same people that we were saying were left out of the legacy system. Now it's important to get this in front of them at this very moment.  and the decentralized nature helped, but actually what we've seen in a lot of markets is areas that are developing or underdeveloped or not developed at all. That's where adoption occurs because people literally, to your point, they know the problems. You don't have to convince them that there's a problem. They actually know that the problem exists. Here's the solution. And what you're really describing is like, wait a minute, that's not a developed nation or developing nation thing. That's literally here in the United States, there's 20, 30% of the population, same situation. The second they hear about Bitcoin,  I said, it's Bitcoin. She goes, oh, I know Bitcoin. That's in my cash app. Right. And then I took the time to educate her on what it was. She's like, what is it? Can you explain it to me? Right. And I'm like, you give me another waffle for sure. But but I explained it to her and she got it right away because that group of people don't they don't trust banks. Everything we're saying crypto is supposed to be for. It's those people we need to take it to them. They don't trust banks.  Right? And then everyone takes a term getting the pot. And then it's scheduled. I'll get mine this week. Pump gets his next week. There's no, we trust each other. There's no third party. All we know is we're in the same community. It's trustless. Because I know you know I need to pay my rent. Don't jerk me. Right? And I know you need to pay your car note. I'm not going to jerk you. And that's how it works. Right? And there's no, there's no credit checks. There's nothing. That's how the inner city and Caribbean folks and every community has their own  and rural communities where they are in banking deserts. Why are we still on every crypto podcast and conference talking about Argentina and Africa? I love Africa. I love Argentina. But we have our own in this country that are sucking wind. They just don't have access to banking. Let's go help them. And then we can go overseas and then take pictures and, you know, whatever, act like we're doing this worldly good. We can't but you take care again. I was raised to take care of your home.  Yeah. And I was dying right there like what house employees been solving conflict at 3am with drunk people forever. No guns. No. No anything like that. Like they're going to hire some of them. Right. To go. Only you go to a waffle house in the hood. You know better them. Them employees will wear you out. You'll catch a serious beat down and they'll still make sure you get your waffle life. Financial advisors fit in all this.  rich, like I said. But as far as crypto goes, if you look at when the year started, it was all about how do we get financial advisors in the pool. And I said that was going to be the theme of 2020. The last conference I was at TD Ameritrade, the whole show was there. Rick Edelman, Mike Novogratz, right, Matt Hogan and myself. And I was the last to speak on crypto. I had a 50 minute presentation and I spoke to financial advisors. I said, this is going to be way different from what you heard before. I'm not talking about no 1%  And I say legacy crypto folks don't realize that advisors are uninterested until one they know they're not going to get sued or fired and how do I get paid? Right. So those are the things that are missing right now. So also toward the meester Pierre Richard yourself. So file the Vera. I keep going. I love every single one of y'all. It means it falls or deaf ears to advisors. They just don't. And you probably have the most cache amongst our group. But they just don't.  firms custody with Fidelity as well. And I've had great conversations with Senena, TD, and a few others. But what then needs to happen for financial advisors to really get serious about this, and again, is the education. So advisors don't want to be educated on what the halving is. They don't want to be educated on SHA-256. Keep that. We need to be educated on, OK, give me some, right? And there was a, I can't believe her name, but representative from Fidelity,  give that to a financial advisor. They can't draft it and comprehend it and then pass that on one through their compliance and two onto a client. So we need to create content for them that they feel comfortable learning from and Delphi is probably best in class there, right? And we've had some conversations with them and then being able to pass that on to a client. So I think there's a, there's an education gap here that's not happening. And again, the messenger matters, right? Even, you know, with the best, the best of  which is why advisors want a Bitcoin ETF, but also, okay, fine, we have a Bitcoin ETF, we figured that out. How do I then pull that into my model so that I can create a portfolio for a client that I can show them and I could do a financial plan and I can run through compliance and all these other things. No one are really addressing that issue and why? Because they're not financial advisors. So they don't know our individual concerns and what clients are going to say, which is why I tell advisors a couple of things. Client walks in the door, I own 50,000 clients,  Right. That client needs to update their digital fiduciary. Right. What are they doing with the crypto cold storage all these other things those are the things that not address for financial advisors, so The interest is there but the conversation is not built for them. No one's building for advisors Education is not for advisors But again shot the Delphi interacts as a few others that are starting to come there But until financial advisors are comfortable with that FINRA the SEC give more guidance around where they could  do where I've seen people ask this question is around two things. One, how do I help? And in some form or fashion, they will also ask me, although they won't say it explicitly, what should I not do? Right. And they're very worried about kind of doing for the sake of doing, but doing the wrong thing. And so maybe you can kind of just from your seat, how do you see the, we'll call it quote, quote, average person that listens to the podcast on Twitter, et cetera. What can  I need to change my name from Tyrone to Tyler. Right? Being called an N-word right to my face. Right? Like, we need to speak truth to our situation and bring light to these things. So I think a lot of it is dependent upon who you are. But I would encourage all of us that are Black Americans. One is now we need to leverage our resources, connect with one another, network, but we need to get in positions of power.  If you're not black and you want to be an advocate for this message, I think one of the things that I have been encouraging people to do is, again, you are a great example of that, using your voice if you have one. And again, if you're my friend, you're my friend when I'm not in the room, and then you can say, oh, that joke was out of line. If that's you and you have that voice in that room, do that. If it's simply saying, I got DMs where like Tyrone, look, I'm not going to do anything publicly, but I  Like, and that's how this starts to work. You just literally got to get out of your comfort zone. And then I think the next thing is this. And I make no secret about this and I have it. I am only sitting here. And this is fact because of white people, especially a white woman who took a flyer on me when I interviewed for this job on Wall Street. And at the time I was a juvenile probation officer. And she sat in a chair and she goes, how does being a juvenile probation  feeling uncomfortable going to the other side of town patronizing some of those businesses and going in there and transacting with them and getting into the community, right? Then you'll find very unique ways to help. And I'll end it like this. If I'm drowning, I don't care about the color of the life preserver, man. I'm not don't you throw me a yellow life preserver and I'm drowning. I'm like, no, no, go get a red one. I don't like yellow. Right. So your color does not matter. Right.