 All right, guys, bang bang. Super excited to have PD on the podcast here. I was telling him beforehand that he gets to spend all of his time worrying about things that actually matter in the world, like health, diet, and anti-aging. So thanks so much for doing this, man. Thanks, Anthony. It's my pleasure. For sure. So for those that don't know you, maybe let's just start with your background.  So let me give you a little bit of other background. I've been interested in health and fitness for a long time. And I basically followed conventional wisdom for a long time, but then when I found myself with an illness, this has already been a couple of decades ago, and I couldn't get better, my interest definitely deepened.  And after I had written about it, I thought, well, what do I do now? I guess I'll keep writing and keep researching and so on. So I did that and I've written several books and then got on Twitter and that's basically fast forward today. Here I am. Yeah. And so you obviously are incredibly humble. You've written, I think, six books at this point. You've got a fairly popular blog in the  but by no means kind of out of shape, but more of just like never been around a weight room before. And then you fast forward to 2017 and you're like, wait a minute, the guy in 2017 looks like he's in way better shape and actually younger than the guy in 2008. And I think that's kind of, you know, a great just visual example of the work that you've done around, Hey, this stuff's actually really, really important as you get older. And that's really where you've kind of hung your hat.  And I got very much into it, put on a lot of muscle right away, basically in the first year after I started it and started eating differently as well. So my reading and studies have convinced me that resistance training is just a very important thing for everyone to do, whether they're men or women, young or old.  So yeah, that's a condition known as sarcopenia. It's massive loss of muscle mass. And then a lot of people overlay a pretty high amount of body fat over that. And that's just a health disaster. I think that the muscle part is underappreciated and everything about that is underappreciated.  all chronic disease is just a manifestation of a single cause. And okay, that's a huge generality I realize, but I think this is something that is not appreciated very much that metabolic dysfunction that comes from being out of shape and eating the wrong kind of food, this is what underlies virtually everything  And I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question.  from one single idea and that idea is a wrong idea and it's basically the idea that saturated fat causes heart disease. This goes back to the 40s and 50s and the nutritionist Ansel Keys and the cholesterol idea and so on and they hit on the idea that saturated fat was killing people.  the late 1970s, the US government had latched onto it and put out official dietary recommendations that we should avoid eating a lot of saturated fat, that we should eat a lot of whole grains, that fruits and vegetables were uniquely healthy, and so on and so forth. And that is the basis for how most people are eating now.  Why does the modern Western world suffer from these diseases like heart disease and cancer and Alzheimer's, diabetes, and so on? And why have these all increased in recent years? And why do some other societies not have them, essentially? For example, there is  why do these people have seemingly no chronic disease? If you go back in time, why did these, even in the Western world, why were these diseases so scarce and why are they common now? Well, my main conclusion is that chronic diseases are, as someone has said, they might be common,  And so as it became cheaper and cheaper, people started using more of it. A couple hundred years ago in the US, per capita consumption was like five pounds a year or something like that. Whereas it's in the range of 150 pounds now. And then one other invention that happened in the late 19th century was they figured out how to extract  And they apply this to a number of different oils. So now, for example, soybean oil is the most common oil and corn oil, canola oil, et cetera, all these oils. So you put those all together and you've got modern food. And you put them together in a certain way, in certain combinations, and you've got modern, ultra-processed food  most people eat. So that is what has caused our modern epidemic of crime disease in my estimation. Now we've had even, you know, a lot of this goes back to the invention of agriculture, right? So before agriculture, everyone was a hunter gatherer, everyone ate meat and whatever wild  tall after agriculture, they were five foot three. And there was all kinds of, you know, with, and with the same, you know, proportionate decrease in women. And, you know, they found in skeletal, skeletal remains that have been studied and so on, chronic diseases, osteoarthritis, so on and so forth. Infectious disease also also became very prominent. At any rate, we lived like that for a long time. And in  disease, famous cardiologist Paul Dudley White, who was the most famous cardiologist of mid century said that when he was training in the early years of the century, nobody ever talked about coronary artery disease because nobody had, they didn't know it existed. And then people started having heart attacks and so on till by the mid 20th century, you had huge numbers of heart attacks and so on.  that people were told to eat less meat and animal products and to eat more carbohydrates, I believe very much contributed to it. So there we are, there's the food element. And that is my explanation of why this has happened. And so what it really sounds like, because it's super interesting, one is  if one is made with real food that doesn't come with the oils and the process, process, all that kind of stuff, versus the stuff that does, that real food will, in almost every way, be better for you. Is that correct? That is correct. Now, there's endless debate in my corner of Twitter, for example, about what constitutes the best diet? What should human beings really be eating optimally?  makes people healthier. And there's a fair amount of evidence that, yeah, it does. And in my view, the reason for that is because they've stopped eating processed garbage. So when you talk about a whole food plant-based diet, it's not the plant-based, it's the whole food that makes the difference. So you could also form a whole food  and then you're headed in the right direction. And then everything else is kind of optimizing from there. Right. And I think that, you know, that a lot of the people that are in the right direction, you know, are kind of, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like, you know, they're like  They don't seem to get for the most part that these all processed foods are causing the problem. For example, the oils that I mentioned, so I refer to them as seed oils. They're more commonly known as vegetable oils, but they're not made out of vegetables. They're made out of this mass industrial process.  I'm 32 years old. You are not 32. You frankly look like you're in your mid 40s. But how old are you? I'm 65. I just got on Medicare a couple months ago. You would be the poster boy for moving the Medicare age up. You do not look like you're 65 years old. So what are you eating on a day to day basis? So I think I'm a little bit of a fan of the food.  No sugar yogurt that is some cheese that sort of thing that about covers it for the most part unless I'm cheating or something got it and then I'm really interested and we'll get to some of the anti-aging stuff and a little bit but part of the diet is When you eat right and so the two things that is really interesting to me And I cheated a little bit because I spent a lot of time looking at like David Sinclair's work around longevity and  Like you said, it's exploited in popularity. So I don't know how much of an explanation people need, but yes, it's just a practice of going without food for some length of time. And there are a number of intermittent fasting regimens. I mean, tons of different ones, almost as many as the number of people who practice it, right? So 16-8 is a very common one and that's what I usually do. So that just means nothing  if you fed animals less, they lived longer and they had less disease and so on. And the idea that all diseases are inhibited means that aging itself is inhibited. So caloric restriction has turned out to be the most robust, most reproducible life extension intervention that scientists have done.  there's an easier way and intermittent fasting appears to be just as effective as caloric restriction for life extension, but without really actual caloric restriction. I mean, for example, myself and other people who practice intermittent fasting were of normal weight, right? We're not super skinny or something like that. So, presumably I and those other people are  for weight loss when combined with a decent diet because people simply have difficulty eating as much during the time when they're eating, you know, that they skipped before. So yes, intermittent fasting, I do it and a lot of people do it, very, very healthy practice. What is the target number of calories that like the caloric restriction  50% of fewer calories for these animals. And the more restriction, the longer they seem to live. Yeah, that's absolutely crazy. And then in terms of kind of the diet, right? So the takeaways really for me are eat less processed food. I think maybe Sinclair talked about this in one of his books too, is this idea of when you  can and hope to God that I lose weight. Obviously you have a very different view of the world. So maybe kind of help me understand why you again kind of go rogue from the traditional exercise advice. Right. Very interesting question. This is another topic where people have it just all the wrong way around. So yeah, so you know, if you told somebody they had to lose 10 pounds, then they think about exercise. So that's the common idea.  doesn't work, exercise alone. And there are reasons for that, good reasons for that. One is that you don't burn as much energy exercising as most people think, right? I mean, you can go have a pretty solid aerobic workout in the gym and you know, you might end, you know, for 30, 40 minutes or something like that, you might end up burning 300 calories.  stop exercising and if you want to gain weight, exercise. So, you know, completely different point of view. So my point of view as far as exercise and weight loss is that you don't exercise to burn fat or burn calories or whatever. So that, you know, diet is just supremely important in weight loss.  is that if good measures aren't taken, a lot of the weight loss is muscle. And that, you know, anywhere from a quarter up to half of weight loss can be muscle. And that is something that you really want to avoid at all costs. If you, when people talk about, I want to lose weight, it's fat they want to lose, not muscle, not the rest of their body.  the same amount from like a pound standpoint, their bodies are actually in very different states, right? That the lean muscle mass kind of more actively burns the calories versus not having that. And that's really what it sounds like a lot of the work that you've done is to drive people to not be scared of kind of developing that lean muscle mass, but actually seeking it out, right? And trying to put your body in a position where the muscles themselves are burning the fat or burning the calories.  are due to body fat and they're not due to muscle. So, this is one of the drawbacks of the most commonly used measure body mass index. So it's a good idea to normalize body weight for how tall you are and so on. But the fact is, there are  The more muscle and less body fat you have within limits, of course, but speaking very generally, the healthier you are. It's not even just a matter of the muscle burning the calories to keep you at a normal weight. It's also a matter of your metabolism is functioning properly so that you don't have these  by most people who don't take a deep look at it. And that is that type two diabetes is just the end result of a long chain of events that lead ultimately to type two diabetes. So somebody becomes diabetic when their blood sugar is no longer under control and it rises. But all the events that lead to that are happening in the vast majority of  having good body composition, which is a relatively high level of muscle, low level of body fat for both men and women, you stay off that road. Yeah, one of the interesting things I saw you talk about, I think it was in an article that you wrote, was the difference in using like a body mass index as a measurement for health versus literally just measuring somebody's waistline, right? So maybe kind of talk about the kind of the difference there  And I want to, let me back up just a little bit. I just want to say a lot of people make this point about, that I just made about, okay, there are these athletes that have a high body mass index, but they're in good health and so on. And yeah, sure, I agree. However, that just does not apply to most people. BMI is actually more likely to underestimate health risk because of this  and chronic disease risk than body mass index. So if somebody is six feet, six feet tall, they should have a 36 inch or less waist size to be healthy. Yeah, it's pretty crazy how, you know, once you start to wrap your head around this stuff, it's simple to understand what the benchmarks are and kind of where to fall. The hard work is really disciplined. One of the things that  many of those people, both from the military and from playing football, have now gone on to do a lot of this high intensity training. So whether it's CrossFit or other types of exercises, they have elements of strength training, but they also have kind of a cardiovascular element to them as well, packed into somewhat short 30 to 45 minute type workout. What's kind of your take on that and how does that fit into kind of the exercise type routines  bicycle. So they would go all out for 30 seconds, I believe it was, and then have a, you know, then they would cycle leisurely for a few minutes and then do it again. So for a total of three all out bouts on the exercise cycle. Meanwhile, they had a group on also on an exercise bicycle, doing steady, you know, what we would see, like what you would typically see when you walk into a gym, people peddling  So by ramping up the intensity of the exercise, you decrease the need for duration and for frequency. So yeah, high intensity exercise is great. How that fits into my philosophy of exercise is high intensity resistance training. So that's the form I practice and that I advocate. And there are a lot of things  basically doing a set until momentary muscular failure, which means until you cannot do another rep. So this turns out to be a very good cardiovascular exercise as well, because it's a form of high intensity training. That's what I do. That's what I advocate. And so like, let's take a simple exercise like the bench press, right? Walk me through kind of how much weight, right?  at first as compared to say what they do on a one repetition max lift. In general, the first couple of reps should be relatively easy. You should be able to always move in good form. You should always be able to control the weight without heaving or jerking the weight around. Now, bench presses is perhaps not the best example  So if somebody wanted to do a bench press to momentary muscular failure, they should either have a spotter or a chest press machine would probably be better for the average person. So they're going to move that weight in, you know, slowly and in good form and do it until they can no longer do another repetition. Now,  of time under tension is totally effective for building muscle and for getting fit. So I usually tell people, you know, 30 to 60 seconds, maybe a little more of time under tension is about where you want to be reps or a method of keeping count, not your goal, and always go to momentary muscular failure. For sure. Well, one of the things, and this is, it's been years since, since I looked at this,  For example, put my pectoral muscles through time under tension. I could do that simply by going down into a pushup position, kind of at the most tension point and just holding it. And I can hold it for 60 seconds, come out of it, and I would get the same, if not more benefit than the person who sat down and did 10 or 15 reps at whatever the weight was. And I always thought that was interesting because to a lay person  And so this actually leads to an interesting point of what is the purpose of lifting weights? So if you ask the average person, the average guy in the gym, what you're supposed to do in the weight room, he says, well, it's to pick up a weight and to move it in a certain way and move it back again. And I think that's an incorrect answer. The answer is,  Certainly you can go down into a pushup position and as long as you're not locked out at the top But if you're just halfway there, you are certainly putting your muscles under tension You stay there you are exercising them and you can provide the stimulus for your muscles to get stronger by doing that Yeah, it's super interesting. And then I guess you know, there's the diet and exercise component that we've talked about but ultimately a lot of this feeds into the anti-aging  to live to 150 and kind of they actually want to extend life. Diet and exercise plays into both of those categories of longevity, correct? Right, sure. Yeah, so I'm sorry, did you want to complete that what you were saying? Well, just like how do you think about, let's take the first bucket first, right? So like, hey, I want to be healthier for the time I am allotted here.  And that is absolutely not what we're talking about here. So there are a couple of concepts. Well, there's a concept that I think is helpful in thinking about that, and that is health span. So people talk about lifespan. You want to have a good health span too, right? The typical way that people live now is that somewhere in middle age, they develop some health problems and they gradually  until 100 or something like that and then they come down with something and then that's it. So the other thing is