 All right, guys, bang bang. I have a special treat for you today. Dustin is here. Dustin and I somehow have become good friends. He's one of what 250 master sommeliers in the world. I think it's less than that actually. Yeah, yeah, to 200 to somewhere around 200 to 250. Let's go. All right. So between 200 250 of him  I kind of settled into a place that I lived when I was younger and going through school, I never really knew what I wanted to do. When I went to college, I actually was a geography major because I just liked the topic and had no idea what I was gonna do. When I was a teenager, I started working in restaurants just to pay bills, be able to put gas in my tank, my car and things like that,  ended up bartending. And you know by the time I was doing that through college and by the time I was graduating college you know with a geography degree I was like all right I can I can either go off and try to do something with my degree and make about half of what I'm making now or just like keep doing this this bartender thing. So I stayed doing that for a while because I just didn't know what I wanted to do. Left TGI project.  I started learning about it and just kind of caught the bug really, really quickly. I just found it to be really interesting because, you know, it's this kind of mysterious product that I didn't really understand and there's so many variations of it and it comes from different places in the world. The prices were like so all over the place. You could sell a glass of wine for eight bucks or something like that at the time or there was the most expensive bottle. I remember at that back then was 2,500 bucks. And I just, you know, I remember thinking who in the world would spend  I knew I liked wine. I was making money in restaurants. And I was also a big skier. So I love to ski. I love the mountains. So when I graduated, I was like, all right, I'm just gonna head to Colorado. I'm gonna ski for a little while, keep learning about wine and then see what happens. And that's exactly what I did. So in, oh, what was it, oh, five, I moved to Colorado. It's a boulder. And found this gig at a restaurant called,  I only wanted to stay for about a year or so, maybe two years tops. And then the plan was to come back to Maryland, go to grad school. I decided I was gonna get an MBA and go get a real job and move on with life. But then two years kind of came and went really quickly. I was kind of moving my way through the ranks at this restaurant and Bobby, who was my boss and kind of my mentor,  to start pursuing the quartermaster some of these diploma as a way to just kind of validate this decision. I'm like, well, if I'm going to stay here and kind of keep working in restaurants and go after this wine thing, I want it to like feel like I'm, you know, doing it the right way. So I started down that path. And frankly, like when I first started it, I didn't think I was ever going to go all the way with it. My thought was, you know, take like maybe level one, level two and kind of stop there.  200, 250 people who get through all four levels. So maybe just talk a little bit about like, what is a sommelier and then how that process works. Yeah. So, you know, in the, to generalize, a sommelier is just a person in a restaurant who helps you out with your wine selections. Um, normally that person also is probably running the wine program in the restaurant. So they're, you know, building out the wine lists, they're making the selections. They're the ones dealing with the distributors and buying wine.  In my mind, and there's an argument in the industry about like, what is the sommelier? What exactly that term mean? But in my mind, it's always been a position in a restaurant where you're helping guests with wine selections. Now, the master sommelier title is a distinction and a credit that's like earned through going this through the series of examinations. So it's a little bit different. It's not, it's a title. It's not a position in a restaurant like the word  take this test just to learn a little bit more. It's really interesting. Level two, once you pass that level one, you're allowed to take level two. Is more to it. There's it gets broken into three pieces. There's a service piece. There's a tasting piece and there's a the theory or kind of like the written examination part. It's definitely harder. You probably need a little bit of restaurant experience to be able to get through it. You need to  is the same three parts. There's theory, there's service, there's tasting. But, you know, again, a much higher level of difficulty. There's more to the blind tasting. There's a lot more to the service exam. The level of questioning for theory is much deeper. This is kind of like really what separates, this is the biggest jump, is what separates kind of like the real pros from, you know, maybe an enthusiastic consumer, for instance. The pass rate for the  of wines that you blind taste, the same three sections. But again, the level of difficulty of questioning goes up, the intricacy of service that you need to perform goes up, and the wines that they pour you for the blind tasting get a little bit more difficult, and you have to score, to pass, you have to score at a higher rate. So it's quite difficult, and the pass rate drops down to somewhere below 10%. Some years it's like 3%, some years it's 5%, some years it's  in the master's exam a dozen times, or close to a dozen times. It's just an enormous amount of your time and energy that goes into it. So it's a very difficult test. So I knew nothing about wine in general. I would literally embarrass myself if I tried to pronounce 99% of wines. And I think we were at dinner once and you or somebody else brought up this documentary, Somme, which you were featured in. And so of course I went home  of wine, what are the ingredients, like the level of understanding and really expertise you have to have is pretty compelling. I mean, it blew my mind to the point where my favorite part of the documentary is like somebody's tasting wine and they're describing it as like a new can of tennis balls or it tastes like or smells like cat piss. And like, and you're kind of like, wait a minute, this is such a granular understanding of wine, the different wine regions and periods of time, etc.  relatively fast though. There's, I would say the average has got to be somewhere in the like seven to nine year range for I think a lot of people. So it's a significant amount of time and you know leading up to the exam, I mean, you're studying probably a year out, if not like you know probably call it at least eight months. If you're not studying by six months out and prepping you're behind. It's just an enormous amount  It's a lot. So the most important question I'm going to ask you is as you're doing all that practice, how the hell do you not get drunk every single day? Right? You're just literally tasting and tasting and tasting and tasting. Like, how do you not just get hammered day in and day out for a year? Yeah. Well, we spit everything. So that's that's the short answer. You know, what does that mean? You know, you put it in your mouth, you switch it around and you spit it right out.  So it's about understanding when to stop spitting and when to start drinking. My one little story on that, and it's interesting just as a person in the industry, I've worked a lot of these big organized tastings where you walk into a huge facility and there's like, call it three or four dozen tables with wineries pouring their wines and things like that, and hundreds of wines being tasted.  disaster because everybody has been, they're like, oh, I'm just taking these little sips, you know, but it really adds up and it's a lot, it's interesting. I love it. I love it. Once you get through the four levels in the documentary, it's very obvious, like, this is a huge moment, right? Because as you said, five, seven, nine years, Pliny was actually making fun of me during it because even though I knew you passed, when you actually  So there's a lot of companies that are willing to pay for that and want somebody on their team that has earned that. So your opportunities that come your way are really broadened and a lot of doors get open. But it can be in all aspects of the industry. So, you know, I personally, when I passed, I wanted to run a really significant wine program in a restaurant setting because in my mind, you know, as like I said, being a sommelier is very important.  Michelin and making their way up the top 50 restaurants in the world list and things like that was awesome experience. But, you know, there's a lot of people that maybe use the earning the MS as a chance to actually leave restaurants and go into different aspects of the industry. So that could be importing or distribution wholesale. It could be going to work for a specific winery like in California, for example, like say Napa Valley, you go  and what you really love to do. For me, for a while it was restaurants. Obviously that's changed since then, but there's no single one thing that a lot of people do. So you've obviously left kind of that restaurant scene and you started Verve Wine. Maybe talk to us a little bit, just like what is that? Where are the current locations and kind of what are you guys building under that brand? Yeah, so I spent  So as a sum, you're not gonna leave 11 Madison Park and go be a wine director or a sommelier somewhere else. It's just, you're at the top at that point. So, and for me, I always kind of wanted to have my own business. I thought for a really long time that I was gonna be restaurant, having spent 20 years in restaurants towards the end of it. I kind of realized what it takes to do that and I needed a little change of pace.  brands. For me though the opportunity was always on the e-commerce side because what I saw that was lacking was you know me as a wine person as a person that like loves to drink wine and knows what I like to drink and you know has a fairly discerning you know palette and choice when it comes to drinking things. I know where I like to go to buy wine in New York City.  get into the e-commerce part of wine, but have it be that curation, have it be a curated piece of it, where there's the wine.com, for instance, there's Wine Library. There's other people that do the e-commerce thing, but they're doing it on big brand discount wines. They're large wineries that you can find, and they're very ubiquitous. You can find them anywhere.  ideally kind of plop some physical locations into really strategic places where it makes it a little bit easier for us to do the fulfillment for e-commerce in a meaningful way. And basically to get the kind of cool stuff that I like to drink and that people that love wine are really into, just make it easier for consumers in other markets to get those wines because we're really spoiled here in New York, right? Like we get access to things that not a lot of people  Yeah, I am. We're friends, but I will vouch and say that the whole idea of ordering this stuff online is 1000 times easier than walking to a wine store trying to figure out what do I want? Where is it? You know, do they have it all of those kind of things. We regularly order and literally get same day delivery like it's kind of like an Amazon like experience almost right but the wines are brought right to your door and it's this great thing.  Yeah, I think it's a mix. There is a kind of a romance to the kind of the traditionalism of good wine. When a lot of people talk about the great wineries of the world, they tend to be like small places that are little farms and it's like families that have owned these small properties for generations and things like that. And there's like a romance behind kind of these old school, small, very traditional  drink and other professionals or people in the industry or really enthusiastic wine drinkers like to drink. The people that start those retail businesses are typically very much all about the wine and all about the curation process. They're not necessarily tech people. I'm certainly one of those people. I'm not a tech person myself. But there's an element of it's all about the wine for them and it's all about the curation  in a store, like you kind of want to know where's the cool place to go buy a bottle online. It's the same mentality. And that's, that's kind of where we saw a chance to, to be a little bit different and do something differently. For sure. And obviously you guys have over the last four years built an awesome business, both in New York and you've got the San Francisco location, uh, and then COVID hits. And, uh, I remember when, um, first it was like more of a virus and not yet the government mandated shutdown.  being e-commerce, obviously. And you guys were really well positioned over the last couple of years to kind of capitalize on the fact that, hey, if people can't leave and they've got to order things to their computer, Verve is one of the best ways to do that, right? Yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's been really interesting because like, again, kind of thinking about how people normally think about wine retail is a lot of people think like, oh, where's the good wine shop in my town or  mentality of like, oh, Verve's just a shop down in Tribeca and that's it. You know, like that's, it was really difficult to kind of describe and get people to buy into like the bigger vision. But then, you know, to your point, COVID hits, we were having a, not a hard time, we're accelerating that, that e-commerce business, but it wasn't like, it was taking a lot longer for it to catch on than we were kind of hoping it would. But then COVID hits and it just like shot it.  And it's a quote unquote essential business. I just didn't see it. I'm like, no, this is this is a luxury. Like who needs to drink booze is basically the last legal drug. You know, like there's no way with like hospitals, grocery stores and liquor stores. Like I just didn't see it. So we thought we were going to shut down. I'm like making plans on how we're going to deal with furlough and employees and how that's how it's going to go down and all that. And then it comes out that way.  And it was a kind of a risky move because we didn't at the time it was still made up as us, you know, percentage of the business, but it wasn't a huge percentage of business. But we kind of leaned all the way into it and realized that it was it was a really great thing. So the stores have effectively become small warehouses and fulfillment centers for all of our e-commerce orders. And for the last call two and a half months or however long it's been now, we've been like a hundred and  continue that online business. And that's yet to be seen. But I think we've certainly acquired a lot of new customers, which is great. So, you know, if we're doing our job well, we've got good products and continue to give good service. We're really hoping that we can retain a lot of what we've acquired over this course of time. For sure. And right now you guys ship solely in the cities, the physical locations are in. Do you ship nationwide? How does that work? No, we ship nationwide, not to every single state.  seven by seven. And then we ship to everywhere else that we can ship to. So yeah, we definitely get out beyond. We have a lot of customers in other states too. Like I said, like you don't, if you live in Nebraska or Kansas or Wisconsin or something, you just don't get access to the same kinds of things that you see in California or New York. So the people that love wine that are out there, they need a place to buy it. And so we ship, we do ship quite a amount of wine, a good amount of wine outside of New York.  industry. And so maybe kind of just give an update on like, what does that look like in terms of how some of these businesses have been affected? How effective have they been at kind of, if you're a restaurant, maybe transitioning to online type business. And then if you had to put a number on it, like what percentage of, let's say businesses in Manhattan in the hospitality industry don't come back kind of after this in an unfortunate manner? Yeah. You know, it's really hard to tell. You know, I think,  which is a pretty good resource for a lot of what's happening in the hospitality restaurant world. They've been trying to keep track of who's closing for good here in New York, but I'm sure they haven't gotten to everybody. They're just working with like trying to figure out who the biggest players and like the most popular restaurants are that are fully shutting down. But restaurants have it really tough, right? Because A, they need diners coming through.  almost indefinitely on their spaces. They need diners in their spaces to be able to continue to operate. So there's a limitation on how long they can last through this closure. Smarter businesses that have saved up some money or have figured out really creative ways to operate through this, whether it's via meal kits or to go or turning their restaurants into grocery stores or trying to sell wine  They agree that these are all good measures in order to keep everybody safe. It makes it really hard for them to continue to survive because particularly in New York where rents are really high, it's to be operating at 50% capacity is a losing battle. You're losing money. You're not making money at that point. My best guess is most restaurants in New York needs to be at least at like 65% or maybe 70% capacity to just to break even.  to us and whatnot that don't have big bank accounts or access to capital, they're going to have a really hard time. So, I mean, my suggestion is, you know, pay for those businesses as much as you can if you love them and you want them to get through this. And, you know, my girlfriend's going to give me hell for saying this, but buy from, if they're doing stuff to go, buy from them directly. Don't buy through third party apps like Grubhub and Seamless and things like that, you know, because if you haven't been paying attention, those companies take  I don't know what the right number is. I think the longer this goes on, that percentage is going to grow. And they're in a really tough spot. And frankly, there's a lot of uncertainty too. Even if they can open up into 50% capacity, it's really tough to understand who wants to go out to eat in these times. I don't know if I want to go out to a restaurant and be around a bunch of other random people that I don't know.  And so, you know, I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question.  You know, that's that can be a nail in the coffin for a lot of these restaurants. It's not cheap to reopen your restaurant. You have to buy a lot of inventory, get a higher staff back. Chances are if you've changed your menu or change your operations around it all to accommodate these new times, you got to retrain. So there's going to be a few days at least of, you know, spending money on labor where you're not bringing any money in. To go through all of that and then potentially have to shut down.  And that's why you see people like Danny Meyer making these big pronouncements that he's not going to open any of his restaurants until, you know, maybe there's a vaccine. He doesn't want to operate under these conditions. Yeah. It's pretty crazy. Balaji Sreenivasan came on and he also said something that I thought was really interesting, which was basically not only are there all the challenges you described, but you're also then asking these restaurants to essentially be able to operate in like biodefense mode.  as the best sanitization policies, you know, and intends to be the cleanest and it's the most on display with that. You got to think about how you're doing your marketing, your social media, like you got to tell your customers and your guests, like what is it that you're doing to make sure that all of your preventative measures are in place. But then there's these additional costs too, like PPE for your staff, masks, gloves, temperature checks, all this stuff that needs to be put in place, a whole not a cost item that just never took place before.  to be a new cost item specifically for wine. And we've talked about it before is just the tariffs. And so maybe kind of help us understand all of the taxation that's been going on. Some of it sounds like there was threats of it happening. Some of it's already been passed and just how these additional costs when it comes to the wine industry changes the economics for importers, exporters, and various retail type locations.  I can't remember anymore which one was which, but one was for 25 percent and another one was going to be for 100 percent. And I think that was like the like Airbus deal that Trump was pissed off about or something. But what ended up happening, I think that one got pushed off and the 25 percent tariff on French wine was still put into place. And, you know, all these things are a little bit on lag time because, you know, things are on the water. They take time to get here.  really love burgundy or roan wines or certain champagnes or something like that. You're really specific about the types of wines that you buy, specific wineries. You're gonna search them out and they're gonna be more expensive than they were in the past. Like if you're used to buying them before, now they've got a premium on them and you as maybe a collector or wine enthusiast or whoever, you've gotta make a decision on is that extra cost worth it to you or not.  as close attention or have like the same restrictions with choice and kind of, you know, really want specific things, you probably aren't going to notice it all that much because, you know, us for like a retailer, for instance, you know, we need to make sure that we have certain categories and price points that we're always hitting. So, you know, we need a Sauvignon Blanc from France, for instance, that comes in and hits the shelf at 15 bucks. We're going to find that wine no matter  And I don't think that that kind of normal consumer is going to, are going to feel it as much. Yeah. So most people listening to this are going to be that average retail consumer. But everyone is fascinated with the collectors or kind of the investors in wine. We talked a lot on the podcast in the past about like fine art or the private art market. And to me, the wine investing role seems somewhat comparable. It's a different product, obviously.  It would be like if you could, there was some benefit to taking that piece of art down and like destroying it. Wine is, it sits in your cellar for a certain amount of time and it can really appreciate value, but then you're also tempted to want to just pop it open and drink it and it's gone. So if you can buy smartly and keep things around, you can actually make a pretty significant amount of money on wine. Now, the difference is you need access  still in just as much demand. Everybody's buying them for the same price anyway. And maybe the acceleration in value is going to slow down a little bit because they're already starting out of a premium. But I still think that over time, those wines are going to be worth a lot more. And you can still do well. What's been interesting in the segment for me is like there's other people are starting to get into this game and one company in  There are companies now that are starting to put some algorithmic structure around how to invest in wines and doing basically all the trading for you. So to me, that's pretty interesting. So I think the industry is evolving and changing a little bit up to that end, but it's yet to be seen like how well some of these things work. Yeah, so this might be a really stupid question,  I don't know much about our collecting, but I would imagine it's pretty similar to that where there could potentially be like a fake or something like that. But the source is hugely important, whether you're buying directly