 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Adam here with me. I'm super excited to have this conversation. He probably knows more about more things than most of you have had on the podcast. So thanks so much for doing this. Oh, cool. And bang, bang to your back. That's awesome. Let's get into your background. Maybe give us an overview of kind of how we get to you guys.  as well as collaborating on certain things, which is great. Family offices these days are a little bit different than they used to be because they've had to take in a lot of outside money. So that kind of constrains them and more philosophically, it'll kind of give a deviation to what one person wants to do with their money is now you have to kind of reach a consensus and making money is not a democracy.  Magnus, but I just want to have like 30 chess games going on at once and then play them kind of all at the same time and then you know when I think that's awesome. I want to do that. That's like a real mental challenge. I want to do that now. I'll take 30 of your guests and we'll go from subject to subject. And I've listened to a lot of your podcasts. So let me go backwards and I'll give you my own history. And I know we were discussing a little bit of this in advance.  I actually didn't know that I wanted to be in finance. I knew that I wanted, I had a picture of myself and it just needed to get more crystallized. So I had kind of like this crystal ball, but it was kind of very blurry and kind of like I, as a kid, it was already kind of in its most disturbed. I'd one of those snow crystals and it was, as a kid, it was in its most kind of disturbed state where you can just kind of see, you know, just enough of the crisp  that I've been blessed with certain things that I needed to kind of turn into a more durable currency, right? Even as a kid, so I spent, you know, it kept on getting clearer and clearer. And I wasn't particularly, I went to a fan seminary, I went to PS41, I went to a senior, and so I went to some great schools, and my family was very low on middle classes, those schools were very affordable.  presented to me, which was arithmetic, you know, is something a kid can just pick up on their own, you know. Honestly, as long as they have that kind of construct, that desire, if there's a reason for them to add to it in two, they'll, they can figure that out really quickly for themselves. The same is true with geometry. But I didn't see any reason for calculus, and I didn't see any reason for a lot of the places where I was spending my time. I was very intrigued by language.  I never, it's just not my thing. And I felt that they were interfering even though they were all my friends. So I felt I was biding my time to go to Wall Street. And then when I was about 19 years old, I knew that I was ready. I was working in a retail job at that time and working on a record store. Actually I was working at The Gap. I went from job to job at that time.  I did a Z, so that's what I did. And I cold pulled my way into golden sacks and I cold pulled my way into frontal. I cold pulled my way into several firms, many of which didn't have interest in me, which was fine. I wasn't particularly insulted by that. And everybody was very kind to help me why they didn't have interest in me. And a lot of the reason that they didn't have interest in me was they wanted somebody that could hit the ground  And he was essentially the analyst that discovered Microsoft and Bell, Lotus Week. And the other one essentially discovered Micron and the semiconductor side of it. I went to semiconductor side of it. I did very well. I did very well by accident. He loved me and they loved me and they embraced me. And I did incredibly well. I was just very lucky, the right person at the right time  I then left that firm for a wanderlust and it was offered a lot of money to go to a wire house. And I went there. I had the largest position in Michael and Viosa and a whole bunch of other things, which put a lot of risk on their plate. So I started my own shop. I did an investment bank. I did several, mostly within semiconductors and acquisitions. One of them was the acquisition of ZOs,  I didn't want to go back. I know what pattern recognition is and I try and avoid it. That can be a very bad thing. So I took two years off, my wife and I traveled all over the place. And when I came back, Silicon Alley was just beginning, which is in Manhattan, was just beginning in About.com and Tripod, Fred Wilson at that time, so it's capital partners.  initiate and it becomes successful. And as those positions were sold off, I didn't want to do that again either. I had done kind of the investment move within that and I'm kind of the, what I would think of as a real estate speculator, I did on by funding a lot of those companies out of my own pocket and not even bother going through a VC and giving them big. I just went on every cap table there was, including some of the losers called the whole bunch of them.  internal capacity, the human resources capacity, which exposed them to a lot of risk. So one of the things that was happening is these companies were being acquired or considering even being acquired taking VC dollars was they needed to add holes in their financial books, which usually involved a little bit of other problems as well. And they also had a lot of exposure to lawsuits. Everybody on their way out was suing for sexual harassment and other things.  horrible thing. So I don't want to sign guilt from one party and diminish it for the other. So I decided to invest in, I made an investment in a company called at that time at Finstaff. And it was a small investment was $50,000. So around that was around 19. That was when I still had my own piece of chalk and brokerage. And so this is maybe 1995. It was a $50 dollar investment that was introduced to me  position. One time I owned 5% of the company. And when I owned 5% of the company, I went over to become sales over there, which was incredible. But I didn't really need the money and I was just extraordinarily successful. But I also owned 5% of the company. And when you're in that position, you can either be an investor or you can be employed. You can't really be both. And even though the founder was a good friend of mine in the mid-term, it compromised  And in 2006, the stock was now trading at 60. So I did, you know, I think, well, I'm gonna knock on something, but I don't have wood available. I have my chairs on knocking on my lock-out ceramic. In a way, the spirit of appreciation is with whatever I knock on. So, you know, I cashed out somewhat. It's hard to cash out of that large of a position.  put it in, they said that we want to build our own PIO. They were clients of mine, actually, at Unistaff, which is now called its very, they are, they were clients of mine, and I love them. They said, we want to do the same thing. So we acquired a stake, we bought out the position from Bessemer, which was having big cash problems at the time itself. A great venture capital firm, not a, it was just,  Another position to publicly trade a company that was called Jeopardy, which was trading around $2 a share. That company had a 75, which is a PEO, professional polarization. That company had a $75 million cash in the bank, or that was due to it because of a rebate from their work account for business. And the acquisition cost us $100 million. So it was good. Two companies were blended. The private equity firm,  American dollar. The other most durable currency of General Atlantic is going to commit $200 million. They're also going to commit $2 billion. So they committed $2 billion. We made a lot of acquisitions. TriNet now is going to be warm for everybody. I had a very large position in that, very large. And the company went public in 2012. And in 2012, another one of my early investments went public, which was called Duct Day, which  or doesn't really have an appetite for it. That didn't work out, but I was very intrigued and informed. So I decided to create a family office, Syndicate. So I took my own family office, which I had just built, and decided to create a Syndicate. And the first deal we did was a company that I was already a very early investor and it was doing well called CRO, which is an Australian company. That was an accounting company and it kind of was,  But sometimes firms don't want to take venture capital money for their own reason or they want to bring in other investors for their own reason, particularly back then. And there's a lot of reasons for it, but particularly back then, so I pulled it to them, did well. And I was very so familiar with the industry that, you know, back then in 2012, I was telling everybody to get out of Zendefate, and that it was essentially a criminal enterprise, whatever you think of it, recent, which is,  building up the family office syndicate. And initially I brought in a lot of overseas money because American family offices at that time were not interested in that. They wanted to do different types of deals. They wanted to take down bonds and maybe invest a million dollars here and right up there. But the industry didn't really exist at that time. So I spent probably two years traveling all over the Middle East  doing, you know, billion-dollar agriculture deals where they're buying snorkeling plants that have contracts going forward 10 years. It's ridiculous. So, you know, that worked out really well and that's instilled now such a big part of my life. But, you know, I think I've guided it as kind of a futurist somewhere. So after we cash, after I cash out, someone would have tried it in birthday. I wanted to figure out how  I'm not trying to rob anybody or have them lie or participate in some type of a collusion. All my things are profitable. So made a couple of small investments. Personally, I think I gave a bunch of people 50,000 dollars just to speculate. I love that I don't really like people. I like companies. There's a big difference. People bullshit. Companies don't. I can see something. My role next is incredible. So I didn't want to squawk  I was in Skype and I've just seen people move. So I've seen real entrepreneurs and I've seen those entrepreneurs who have succeeded becoming entrepreneurs between me. They went from being conquerors to administrators, incredibly. So I did well with Skype also. I guess I should include that in the chat. So now I've got my family office and a lot of our investment thesis now  When I compare him to some of the other social media companies and to some of the other tech people, the difference between him and when Twitter came to my office to do the roadshow and to soak up shares for the aftermarket, I had in that room the old Goldman Sachs bull stuff who are friends and we've invested just tens of millions of dollars together at that time. But I didn't introduce them by that.  There's a lot of reasons for it, but a lot of my thesis is the world is just going to go to war. I don't like it, but you don't have nuclear weapons just as a threat. You don't develop micro-nuclears, which are incredible technology. But you don't have these little mini nukes just as reactors. And if the world was going to go to war, I wound up having large positions,  on pigs and I don't eat. I don't eat them. I don't eat them. But I have to deal with reality. There are people who eat such things. And I knew China was going to experience a shortage. I didn't expect it to be as severe as it was. And as it became more severe, I decreased my positions in countries around the world. I took physical inventories of pens and a whole bunch of other things in the long ways, along with actual, some of our  family office that's highly successful, you're able to have both public private investments in the public markets. You have taken very large positions in Tesla, Boeing, Lockheed, right? Kind of like you're describing what we put in category of like innovation and also. Yeah, that's what they are. That's right. So you've got kind of these two buckets of innovation. You've got defense, but defense is innovation. Of course. Defense innovation is  you don't have exposure to Amazon and I think you've got a very unique view of why you've chosen to not take a position in Amazon. So maybe talk through a little bit of, you know, the logic behind, cause I think when people hear somebody who's been successful over and over and over again, they wonder, you know, well, what have you done? I've lost money also. Of course. So maybe talk a little bit about Amazon and kind of what the thesis there was to actually avoid investing. Well, let me go backwards a little bit then to give you some  or so they can take out tape, whatever, or to inform robotic systems. It's actually simple stuff. I don't mean to be an ass about it, but it's, in that it's low hanging fruit. Innovation in the United States, it's high hanging fruit. It's extraordinarily expensive. You need really big teams. So quantum computing is also something I've been interested in. You need teleportation communication.  have the internal bandwidth to be able to do this and you don't have an off-work chart that commits it. And I became invested in a lot of those companies because you'll say, listen, we have a couple of cryptologists and we're interested in doing this, but these, the general that's currently the CEO of this venture within the NSA has no idea what he's doing. He's kind of an ass, nobody likes him. And we can't devote any, we can't allocate any more internal resources like food and anything else and stuff. So they would spin it out and I would give them usually two million.  You can see how expensive innovation is because as those companies go from C to C overnight, you now see the problems they're trying to solve. It's ridiculous. When you see the defense industry, you see the F-35 and you see some of these other things or the Apache 64s, these are highly complex problems. When you have an understanding that the world is gonna have a thousand drones lighting up the sky, darkening the sky, and one of them is gonna have a payload that's  you're gonna take out the friend also. And what if you don't know that Pastor Lane, his friend was reformed. There's just so much complex, really highly complex. And that's also true with Tesla. I don't think of Tesla as a normal company, it never did. One of their largest shareholders was a good friend. And in fact, one of the old golden sacks of old stars. And I persuaded him into Facebook.  You've got to build up the backend for that. And so that's what I think they're building up. I think about it more as a backend that's doing not just the fulfillment of it, but also all the reconciliation that's required to make this thing work. And because those existing pieces weren't there, they had to build them. It's incredible. The leadership's remarkable. Now with SpaceX, you couldn't do that until recently. The United States couldn't do what they do.  They are doing American style propagandists. They've got a lot of embedded journalists, Biz Insider and such that are out there. My cat just turned on the light. So their accomplishment is really seizing the opportunity for greed within our own Congress, within our own political establishment, and also fulfilling kind of an oligarchy of people.  and he's doing it in the form of a monopoly. But a monopoly has always become a monopoly. And in doing what he's doing, he's just creating absolute destruction. But that's what our power structure now demands. It's no longer just an issue of shareholder return. It's malicious. How do you balance the idea between a company like Amazon, which has been one of the best performing stocks and- I don't know. Yeah.  But I knew it was going to increase many fold. But I didn't want to be complicit in what it was doing. While as the defense industry, those bombs have to drop somewhere. And those planes are going to shoot at something. There's also so much innovation that's going on that if we don't innovate, then our opponents will drop their bombs on us. And if we're going to have a space force, we need to create the technology that can  to think about it as a company is unpersuasive. It is, you know, my thesis has always been that, or since I was about 15, I suppose, that sovereignty is changing. And even then I could see evidence of it that we were going from a territorial sovereignty to a functional sovereignty. And you could see that more with what Amazon is doing,  Amazon does not have those physical locations that they can rip down. They've got some data centers, which if they even decide to approach, they'll get shot down and you'll never hear about it on CNN. Guaranteed. Same with Facebook, it's not able to fly people, but they're gonna, it's a first world country. I didn't want to participate in that, but I saw it happen. So I saw the world defragmenting and I saw the idea of sovereignty really changing over and now people are seeing it  What distinguishes the two?  cannot catch up with technology, so they have to destroy it. And then they have to take ownership of it, which is what's happening with Facebook now. They had to destroy. Now what they're rebuilding is this horrible incarnation. So when Kizawa got shut down, I still am present. I became very anti-status. And when Bitcoin came out, I loved it because we didn't have  I love it. It's just not for me. It's not my risk appetite. But it is the future that we're going to live in. So if you were to ask me how that is a part of my thesis, I would say, well, there's going to be two types of money. And I think you introduce you met W.Y., who's just off the charts, brilliant with this and can really communicate these things better than I can. I think we're on the opposing side.  which will be a dollar for dollar swap, but you're not gonna see, it's gonna trade as the dollar would. So you're gonna see the effect rate very soon, for sure. And then whoever becomes president next will probably be a part of that. If you've, well, whoever, it doesn't matter. So it's gonna be poor people's money and rich people's money. Because for an average middle class person,  They want to bear the dollars, they want to bear the back dollar. And they want to capture our premium. So it's good. I mean, I cashed out. I'm still a investor and some bugs that happened. And what's interesting to me, as we've talked more and more, is you're very knowledgeable when it comes to kind of the direction that a lot of this is playing out. You understand the players in the market, but you are one of the rare  easy one and you can kind of go through all of them. But you are easy to kind of on a spreadsheet perhaps kind of have a column A and column B and you know you can be very selective about what you're going to include within the field. But it's it's not one it's a kind of a reckless comparison. But yeah. Yeah. And so maybe talk a little bit about what you've done in the natural commodity space and kind of what the thesis there is. Yeah. So I  you can bury in your backyard. So I don't see it being a lot of transactions with it. I don't see it displacing the dollar or anything else. I see our political business elites just with their own Fort Knox's and particularly money that's being illegally transferred overseas. That's a big problem. So I also have physical,  in the Sweden. And I speak Mandarin, I have a very deep familiarity with China. And if I'm going to expect a war, where is it going to happen? It's not going to happen on our, in America, we've got two oceans and we're just blessed geographically. We don't have, even with our divisions now, we don't have what's required to engage in a war, certainly not to be attacked. And it was very evident it was going to be China. I mean, just very evident.  And we held those positions while other offices, family offices and hedge funds didn't. But I don't have investors. I'm an excellent investor and I have to take the right to recall. It didn't really matter to me. I knew I was gonna lose everything. But if I do, I have three people to call and say, hey, you know, you're not gonna, maybe don't buy that car tomorrow, right? And I don't have exposure of fiduciary type of thing other than to myself.  I actually saw what your shortages were, why and we got two clicks deep into their own corruption of their land and their water, which is probably forevermore going to be irreparable by how they needed to kind of import certain things. And they've got a 1.4 billion people to feed and use a lot of things going on. So overseas I acquired inventories with other family offices actually.  transport them to China. So that's going to be paid for on gold, right? You're not going to pay for that in people. So, you know, I believe in importing those metals are not a gold wire, but you have to because wealth is now how the concept of wealth has changed forever. We've grown up in America, where  both economic and social. So now preserving wealth, which was before kind of, all right, I'll buy that kind of a little bit here to my kids, has changed considerably, because now it's not just about preserving wealth, but it requires kind of a real tactical, I'll go back to tactical, it requires very, very dissimilarity  now and kind of the midst of all this chaos, writing so much in kind of like a daily log or really kind of just putting these ideas and thoughts down on the paper. Yeah, yeah. So it's interesting because in 2012, in all my companies in my public, I was massively depressed. I mean, just clinically off the charts depressed and vacations and it was all bad and just things where it was all bad and my friends couldn't resolve that. It was just, you know, you've looked three hours a day. It's been your entire life and your compensation alive. It has been on the  But in terms of in order for you to observe time requires its own discipline. So I started keeping the daily lock. In fact, I got it right there and it has everything in it. It's got one time I woke up, one time I went to sleep, how long did I stay at bed for? Did I meditate? How many times did I meditate? Did I deceive myself? Did I deceive others? Because deception is a very  you remember things from COVID. You don't. I've kept a detailed log that right now is about 10 hours a day. I've now enlisted other people to help me out. But it is extremely detailed. And are you interested in why I did this with COVID? Absolutely. Okay. Well, George Soros has, he gets a bad rap. People should really read him some of his stuff. And I've been  way of thinking about it. And you know the PDF of it is adequate. It's a little bit kind of p.d.s. But the videos on YouTube were incredible. And what he talked about was positive and negative feedback. And he actually used the instance of social media and news. So he was talking about it even in the current environment about how media can and will lie to you and the tools that it uses and why and the behavioral sciences.  with, well, they're completely bombarded with thoughts so that these thoughts are all you have in the front of your mind. Right? That's all you've got. So all that matters is that is that they overwhelm those thoughts. It doesn't matter if yesterday's thought was a lie because it doesn't exist there anymore. Today's thoughts exist there. Does that make sense to you? It does. So I wanted to observe COVID in the way that they were lying about it because I knew  There's no longer this no Chomsky no Chomsky type of effect with manufacturing consent and that is primitive you're talking about that's the limit here you're talking about where there's only five media corporations and there's only essentially three Three pipe providers like Google or Verizon or whatever it is, however gets through the pipes and there's only a couple of  I do a lot with workforce development, my wife is doing my talent show a lot. I don't mean a little bit, I don't mean to embellish it a lot while my wife was particular. She has a watch TV, she was actually helping people. So I knew that the job market was still good and that actually people still freaking love America. They weren't persuaded by this, they knew that media was lying to them. So I can't