 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Jack here with me. Thanks for taking the time to do this. Yeah, thank you. For sure. So for those that don't know you, you have lived many different lives based on your background. Maybe kind of just give us an overview of where you grew up and then how do you get into the military and some of the work you did there. Yeah, sure. I grew up in suburban New York town.  Then I got out of the army in 2010, went to college, majored in political science at Columbia, graduated in 2014, and have basically worked in journalism and media ever since then, really heavily covering national security, particularly the special operations community, the intelligence community, clandestine covert operations. Those are kind of the things that I normally cover. Got it. And so when you're in the Ranger Battalion and you're getting deployed, maybe talk a little bit  Special Forces operates in 12 man teams called ODA's, Operational Detachment Alpha. And their Special Forces operates in a more decentralized environment. There's no one really telling you how to do your job. There just isn't time for it. And you're all NCO's on a Special Forces team. You're all sergeants. So you're really expected to know your job and to just do it without being, I mean, literally there's nobody, and there's no time to hold your hand and micromanage what you're doing, particularly on deployment.  And so as you're doing this, how much kind of understanding do you have both about what's going on on a much larger scale, right? So I was in the military through the National Guard deployed Iraq and for us where there was no kind of special operations, no kind of special operations, no kind of special operations, no kind of special operations, no kind of special operations, no kind of special operations, no kind of special operations, no kind of special operations, no kind of special operations.  And I think we had a very cursory understanding of what the larger strategic picture was, you know, similar to what you mentioned. I think that there was a notion, you know, when I was in Ranger Battalion doing those types of missions, that we were trying to degrade, defeat and destroy what we call Dalqada in Iraq. So we're trying to put them on their heels, put them on their ass and kind of short circuit the insurgency. In Special Forces, it was 2009 by the time I was there with SF. So the mission was more  What was the impetus for you to go from the Ranger Battalion to want to go on the Special Forces side? I know some guys get kind of recruited and pulled up. Some say, you know, raise their hand and say, hey, I'd like to volunteer to go do this. Where did you fall on that? And understanding that you'd already been deployed before to then want to go through the Special Forces training. A lot of people outside the military be like, that's crazy. But kind of talk through a little bit of the logic there. Well, I think there were a couple of things that played into it for me personally. You know, growing up in Ranger Battalion is  I was only in Ranger Battalion for what, like three years? And I think we seized Boston Airfield on Fort Benning like 12 times. I mean, at a certain point you're like, okay, like I'm ready for something new. And Special Forces offered that. And I also had met a lot of SF guys at other places during my army career, like when I went to Ranger School, shooting in the all army competition, things like that. I crossed paths with Special Forces, NCOs, and got to pick their brains a little bit about their job and what they do.  NCOs all of your instructors are combat veterans They're all coming out of theater and now they're trying to get you ready Get the next generation of guys ready to go into it. It was a it was interesting You know, I went through Special Forces Assessment and Selection in winter of 2005 It was a ball buster, you know, I won't lie to you I came right off my deployment in Iraq with Ranger Battalion came back and did a training cycle with Ranger Battalion and then went right into  You go to your MOS, your military occupational job training for special forces. In my case, I was a weapons sergeant. So that was a pretty cool course. And then the cumulative exercise at the end of it is called Robin Sage, and it puts you into a simulated unconventional warfare scenario. And it takes place literally in communities in North Carolina, where you integrate with a local population and you meet them and work with them. And it ranges from  very useful exercise also in introducing, you know, Green Beret students to what their job is supposed to be. Yeah. And then as you deployed with this fifth group, did you know that, you know, hey, I'm going to spend another one or two years doing this and then eventually I'm going to go ahead and transition out, go to school and have some master plan or basically just take each year kind of one by one? No, I, I, I did kind of take each year one by one as it came. I did have some idea of my mind.  And it just gets to the point where it's like, man, why am I here? Like, why am I even, why am I doing this? If all of the initiative has already been taken out of your hands, if all the decisions have been made, that you don't have any ability to plan things or to make things better in the unit, because, you know, your higher headquarters, this isn't garrison, that your higher headquarters is, you know, engaging in that hand holding and that micromanaging. It's like, what am I doing here? You know, like someone told me at one point,  combat and the things that people really focus on. I think a lot of people don't understand kind of the camaraderie and the like non-mission type environment and how that's just very different than what they probably expect. You know it's funny you asked that because just yesterday my daughter was asking me something about like medical issues or or like do I oh she's asking if I go to the doctor do I have to get a shot and I was like oh let me tell you about when we learned our medic told us taught us how to give shots in the army on our special forces team  The reason why I'm laughing is because a lot of these things are, they're life-saving measures, right? You know, all the different training organizations and kind of courses they put you through. But when you're in the military, there's definitely a different view of it. And it's almost like you got to joke around doing it because it's so ridiculous. But you do understand that long-term, like, hey, it's probably good that they're training us on all this stuff. Yeah, no, absolutely. Absolutely. And the medics, we have the best trained medics in the world without question. And they're very good about kind of spreading  I did plan on going to college. I started looking at colleges. I was actually looking at using, trying to use my GI Bill to go to school in London. That was kind of my plan. But the problem with that, as great as the post 9-11 GI Bill is, one limitation it has is that if you go to school overseas, the BAH, they pay you, the housing allowance is based on a US national housing average. So you'd be getting paid like 500 bucks living in London. Like that's just not going to work.  forces to then having a college degree from Columbia through all of that, like what was kind of the North Star for you? Right. I'm always interested in this idea of most people I talk to, they actually don't have one, right? It's kind of, they're figuring it out as they go and then eventually they like find something and they go all in on it. You've spent the last call it six years or so around media and journalism and kind of all of this international relations  the army and I did that. And then since leaving, I've covered the military. And I've been to Syria a couple times as a journalist. I've been to Iraq a couple times as a journalist. I've been to South Korea. I've been to the Philippines, working in that capacity. And I cover these issues, you know, journalistically all the time. So I've kind of always kept a hand in it. And I mean, if there's any North Star, I think it's just my own curiosity and wanting to know how things work to find  I think that's a fun place to work as a journalist. For sure. And so when you go back to, I'll call them combat zones, not all of them are actually designated that way, but places like Syria, Iraq, and just kind of have higher levels of danger. How is it different as a journalist versus when you're carrying a gun, you know, Special Forces or a Ranger? Like there's different mission set that you're there to do or a job to do, but you also have different equipment, like one's a camera, one's a gun.  invigorating and almost intoxicating in some ways that you get to find your own missions and find your own stories and you negotiate safe passage through closed international borders and you're doing these things that the army would never ever have let me do. I was able to go places and talk to people and do things that the army would freak out over. So you have this freedom and this self-initiative that's this self-reliance on yourself that you have to make all these things  the latter being a journalist for Soldier of Fortune magazine who served as a Green Beret in Vietnam. And Robert Young Pelton was a journalist, he is a journalist who, you know, he was all about kind of just like embedding with local rebel forces and just going into places like Chechnya, going into places like Somalia kind of fearlessly. But without, you know, he was never asking anyone for a hall pass, you know,  that type of stuff that's more intangible, but in any kind of exact situations that you remember being like, wow, I'm really glad that now that I'm here as a journalist, I have that special forces training. 100%, I mean, all the time, you know, I, I, I went on that, uh, that background, um, to inform my reporting. And, you know, when I was in bad, you know, I was in a battle with the Peshmerga one time. And I mean, I just had a much better understanding of the battlefield and what was going on there than I think maybe other  I had reached out to you and I wanted to do this conversation was I saw that you were one of the first, if not the first to recently talk about the domestic deployment of the 82nd Airborne, right? And it just kind of caught me off guard of, wait a second, here's a guy who comes from the Special Forces and Ranger world. So he has an understanding of how the military works that most don't have. Two, he's got early access or first access to a story that is pretty big deal for a whole bunch of reasons we get into.  you thought it was important enough to kind of bring it to light on Twitter and elsewhere? Yeah, sure. You know, they absolutely with all the recent civil unrest going on in the United States, and we have a protest movement, a peaceful protest movement, and unfortunately, some rioters and some other violent aspects, you know, trying to hijack that movement, and you know, a heavy police presence getting deployed, the National Guard being deployed, and these are all things that are sort of to be  ready to go. They received the actual alert a few days later on Monday. They were out doing EIB lanes, the Expert Infantry Badge. So they're on Fort Bragg on their base doing normal infantry training and they get the word that they are being deployed. This is it. They have a CONUS domestic deployment and MP cars pulled up, blocked off the roads so that they could get right to their station, right to their brigade, dry out all of their gear, throw it on pallets,  And then when they actually deployed that Tuesday, early Tuesday morning, I reported on that. And it was kind of shocking that, yeah, the rest of the press did not pick up on this story until way later. And I could speculate on why that is, but at the end of the day, you had what is now a very irregular deployment happening. You have active duty paratroopers being deployed ostensibly  the Posse Comitatus that says in times where there is rebellion and insurrection, where people are having their constitutional rights violated, but the states cannot or will not protect those people's rights, then the federal government can deploy active duty soldiers to try to mitigate that. So in a lot of ways, we walked right up to the brink last week. We walked right up to that line, up to that precipice. The United States military,  presided over the 82nd Airborne Division's deployment to Washington, DC during the 2020 riots where they opened fire on peaceful civil rights demonstrators. Like, what is that, something like that. And I mean, thank God that didn't happen. But we came really close to it this last week. Yeah, and I think part of my understanding of this, right, is there's kind of multiple stages of importance. So one is just, like you described, the deployment of active duty military.  government. And I think you and I probably both see a situation where like, soldiers are Americans first, and they are very much there to kind of protect and serve and want to do the right things. But they also are trained very differently than the police, right? And so kind of to your point, maybe kind of elaborate on that a little bit of just like, you have probably some of the best training in the world coming from that. It's very different than a six, you know, six week to six month kind of police training program, like how  and the IRF is effective and it can function in times of emergency. When America needs paratroopers on target, these guys can do it. The problem in this case is that the 82nd Airborne isn't trained or equipped for riot control. It's not their job. They're paratroopers, they're airborne infantrymen. I mean, think about the guys who jumped into Normandy, right? That's their bread and butter, that's what they do. These guys maneuver and close with and destroy the enemy.  how quickly that's going to escalate and what are the the force control measures, what are the escalation measures, what are the ROE going to look like and I can tell you and I haven't talked about this or written about this anywhere else but when they deployed the IRF that it was specifically it was immediate response battalion one of the immediate response force so IRB-1 deployed joint base Andrews they get there then they get moved to a gymnasium at Fort Belvoir and they are sitting on cots  at one point was saying, look, some of the actions that we're seeing from the police would have been illegal or heavily frowned upon when I was in Iraq, right? The rules of engagement and one of the situations that I always caveat say, like, there's incredible complexity. And in today's environment, being a police officer is almost an impossible task, right? Because literally everyone's filming you all the time. Everyone's agitating. Like, there's just so many issues that go on. But I think it was in Louisville, the cops were  there's a lot of questions going on. And, you know, in today's day and age, there's actually probably a lot of pressure because there's just a different rules of engagement there, right? Yeah, I mean, there's a whole host of different incidents we could go over and bring up where, you know, we've seen on video police, you know, shooting people in the back as they're trying to run away. And it's like, oh, my God, if I did that in Iraq, I'd be court marshaled. You're not allowed to do that was crazy. And I think that's a really good thing.  bring forth real policy measures, real legislation, and really fix the problem. Yeah. And so it leads then to this question of there's a structure legally that exists, right? You and I, as much as we would want to change or improve or whatever, it's just that's the environment that we're currently in. That's the legal structure that exists. And so when soldiers get told to deploy domestically like the 82nd Airborne did, you described a situation where they're literally  the orders that we're receiving like like any kind of insight around that Well, I'm quite thankful that I was never asked to do anything unlawful or illegal during my time in uniform however, I think when it comes to this issue, I mean the you know, the conversation comes out of the Nuremberg trials, of course, and you know, is it okay to say hey I was just following orders and you know, the conclusion was that no that's not that is that's not a long  you know, give yourself permission to do whatever, whatever, you know, your peers are doing. Maybe it's not even in order. It's just like, hey, everyone else is doing it. I'm going to do it also. It's not okay to defer like that and just turn off your brain. You know, you know, we have to, we are thinking human beings and when soldiers are asked to do something unlawful and illegal, it's their duty to refuse. And I, you know, I'm thankful that those soldiers, that those 82nd soldiers were thinking about  like it's so much more clear cut when it's on US soil versus, you know, in the middle of a war zone, somebody shooting at you, like, obviously there's a lot of chaos there, but the domestic soil stuff is much more clear cut, at least in my opinion. Yeah, and most soldiers want nothing to do with any sort of like domestic deployment, you know, it's just not their thing. Yeah, that makes sense. And so, I guess the other question then here is, we've seen in other countries, and this is something in the United States that previously  play out in today's society? And is that something that you think kind of soldiers are even aware of the historical precedence that's been set in other countries and some of the importance there? I mean, I don't know how aware the average soldier is of some of those things. You know, like I was having a conversation with a former French foreign Legionnaire about the Algeria campaign and how they were going to launch a coup in Paris because they weren't  that they need to get in there and dominate the battle space. And it was so upsetting to so many people to hear the Secretary of Defense talk about American cities like that. And I agree with the criticisms, but I think at the same time, we have to look at that comment in context now, based on what we know. President Trump was threatening to deploy active duty soldiers into American cities. And Mark Esper was trying to convince the states to call up more National Guard.  In some ways you could argue trying to sabotage the White House's policy. Yeah, I mean, look, I was having a conversation with a friend recently and we started going through it. It was after General Mattis's letter, right? And we started to look through, if you go all the way back to, I think it was a Navy commander who around the coronavirus stuff basically kind of broke command, it seems like, and ended up being reprimanded for it and ultimately stripped of control of the ship. If you look at the situation  my opinion of like people stepping out of what is normal behavior in order to either voice an opinion, you know, I mean, literally to write a memo is a pretty big deal, being based on who it came from, what it said, who it was written to. Like those things just seem abnormal compared to what we've seen over the last 20 years, even while we're a country that's engaged in multiple wars. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I think you're right. And I would argue that what you're seeing is the individual leaders  they'll get it done. But when you have a confused state, when you're getting conflicting orders, and what we saw this last week with the 82nd is a perfect example. It's a case study that'll make a great thesis paper, or someone's PhD dissertation. Who's in charge? What's going on? Where are orders coming from? How are they being received? And when soldiers are in that kind of confused state, they're gonna start freelancing, and they're gonna start figuring out what the mission is for themselves, because they have to.  And as a squad leader or a platoon sergeant, you will never leave your soldiers out there hanging without any means to defend themselves. You'll never do that because it's morally and ethically wrong, right? Because that's your job as a leader is to take care of those boys. Now, and again, I do not agree with these sorts of deployments. I don't think that it should have happened in the first place. But when you have soldiers in a very confused environment, you will never be able to do that.  Has some overlap when we're at peacetime or at wartime But when we're at wartime, you know as you described kind of the special forces training These were people who had just come from combat who are here to train you to make sure you survive and thrive in the environment They just came from and so what ends up happening is in my opinion You almost get soldiers who they're used to going out on missions, right? Or they're being prepped for missions in a combat zone The idea of going anywhere without live rounds is so foreign to them right that they say hey well, what is the one?  But literally, there is a gun turret that I can stand out of. He goes, you tell me how many people can kind of switch context like that, even though they're still carrying a gun. And now it's a protected and served mission versus more of a kind of an offensive, you know, combat oriented mission. Yeah, and it gets even more convoluted than that, because we train soldiers for war, but then we've deployed them to counterinsurgency missions in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, where their role is like somewhere between being a soldier and a police officer.  South Korean leftists were saying this, but there's the Gwangju uprising in the 1980s in South Korea. It was horrible what happened there. But the point I was trying to make was that the South Korean government deployed the military and South Korean special forces to deal with the student protesters. And one of my sources told me that the special forces soldiers were told that these people are North Korean communist infiltrators. You cannot tell special forces  all of this terminology that gets kind of thrown around in the political sphere, does it really matter? Because it's just words at that point. When it gets actually implemented on the ground, though, the difference between, hey, we're going to kind of preside over and protect the community during a peaceful protest versus there is Antifa, which is supposedly now a domestic terrorist organization. And you get into this whole world, you're like, wait a second, like, those are two very different situations. And it's all based on how you  and putting them down. There was a platoon of American military police and somebody decided that the gravel in these camps, the gravel would be like fist-sized rocks. And these guys were MPs armed with like batons and riot shields and they were like modern day Spartans like forming a phalanx and they got hammered. So then that night the MPs went in with some guys from 2nd Ranger Battalion and delivered an unholy ass whooping on those prisoners.  is horrible and it's only going to get worse. The other is, hey, we live in the safest, most prosperous time in human history. And like, yeah, things may be a little uncertain here or there, but like, generally we're trending in the right direction. How do you kind of balance those two scenarios? And then like, if you're the average citizen who doesn't have the military training and things like that, like what's your kind of advice to them, I guess? Yeah, this is a, you know, an age of uncertainty and a rationality and that paradox absolutely exists. And I think solving it is kind of like the  push for meaningful change in those one or two things. I think that because of social media and the 24 hour news cycle, our attention is pulled in a million different directions. In my case, I know the military and I know this sort of stuff and I have the context. So I write works of journalism that hopefully enlightens people or illuminates them to certain things that are happening. And I would encourage others to look at it that way.  in regards to police brutality, it has to coalesce around policy reforms. Otherwise it just becomes this outpouring of emotion that doesn't go anywhere. So that would be, if I got to play king for a day, that would be my suggestion to people. Yeah, it's one of these things, and I forget who I saw it on, it might actually even been you. Somebody just said, look, asking for justice sounds great. It's really hard to measure success  I actually forget what they called it, but it was like, there's eight key points around, uh, I was called police reform, right? And it was everything from, uh, kind of demilitarizing to some stuff with the unions or whatever, but it was the first time I had seen like, okay, here's eight bullet points. Like literally it's in a bullet point, you know, format. Uh, and maybe you can't get them to kind of negotiate all eight of them, right? Uh, you can't get the police to agree to certain things, whatever, but like, at least you got a starting point now, right? And if you can get half of it, it's good. Exactly. Here's our demand list.  work at the Washington Post, talk to me a little bit just how you think of your job and how it's evolved over time and the tools and kind of where you think media in general is going outside of those large organizations. Well, I've had somewhat of a regular experience, to say the least. For better or worse, I mean, I pole vaulted over some of the things that other journalists have to do. I started off my career in that world working for a small  what we mean by media. This is media. You know, reruns of friends is media. But we're probably talking more about the press, right? Specifically the press. And the biggest problem I think it has right now, I mean, is that everyone's kind of chasing web traffic. And this was something that Andrew Yang brought up actually pretty prominently. It was pretty funny to see during his campaign is that, you know, everyone's chasing clicks, and it's all about clicks. And, you know, and people also  that is emotionally engaging and gets them angry and gets people riled up. So there's a certain amount of individual responsibility on the other hand is that as consumers of media, readers of the news, consumers of news media, you know, we have an obligation to ourselves and our family and our friends to, you know, sort the garbage out and focus on, you know, good reporting. So I tell people that they get mad at me when I say that because it kind of interrupts, you know, the  and you have to be writing every day and when you write every day you're really not an expert on anything because you're just spread too thin so there's a lot of problems i don't know how we come out of it i mean honestly i don't know if you know the the boomers out there they're already watching