 Alright guys, bang bang the legends here Peter. What's up, man? What's up? All right. Further than like two people who are listening to this. You don't know who you are. What's your background? Let's see. I'm down here in LA living in the dream by the beach. I am a I run a small fund in LA called science. It's a $75 million dollar  Everything from things you've maybe heard of, Dollar Shave Club was one of the first big breakouts, Dog Vacay, which became Rover, Liquid Death, and many other companies. Many failed, some succeeded, and some are on its way. You're being incredibly humble because you guys have probably one of, if not the most successful startup studio, right? So a lot of accelerators and kind of all these other things that fund and help, but the idea of actually being  to do well, looking at, you know, what's next on your mobile phone, like what else are you going to be entertained at other than looking at Instagram and Snapchat. And then the other is, you know, what is the behavior post pandemic, right? What is the, how are we going to behave? What kind of products and services are we going to use? From there, it's just finding the idea that resonates. For me, particularly, it's kind of like music, right? So one of the things is I love to dance. First of all, dance floor is like part of my bio.  That's what I'm looking for. So it's a Look, I'm I'm an all-in type of person like you get to know me when I'm not when I'm in I'm a hundred and ten percent all-in which means I kind of wanted to feel like I'm a part of it. And so if I'm not authentically just Loving it. I'm just gonna pass not to say it's an indictment on you or the startup or the idea It's just I just don't see myself waking up and thinking about a 24 hours a day. So It's a little convoluted. But for me, it's a little bit more gut  the first time they heard about it was this wild video that the CEO is featured in to all of a sudden within a number of years, it's a billion dollar exit. Like how does that happen? And what's going on behind the scenes that you guys are doing to help kind of really help that team become that successful? You know, that is always going to be the vision and the genius of Michael Dewan, right? He is when I met him the first time I just thought to myself, this is one of the most  Another example, Uber works because everyone loved to hate taxis. Like you could just walk up to somebody like taxis, what a pain they ask. Like, don't you hate it? Yes. Razor blades at the time, Gillette, it's like you had to shave, you had to buy their $30 razor blades and you could walk up to anybody and say, can you believe they're ripping us off? Don't you kind of hate it? Yes. So there's, that's part of it. Then it's how you approach it and market with that and use that virality. It was funny. It was the first kind of opening  tactics that you can have reach with people and understanding that word of mouth. It's like this thing that we've been hurt, you know, ever since college, like you would hear about word of mouth, but eight years ago, it was the first time when you knew that a hundred people could be heard by a thousand to 10,000 to a million people all through Facebook, all through YouTube. So that was a big part of it. So you go from that, which is, uh, many people will say that's great, Peter, but, uh, that kind of window of  Right. I don't know what it is. Whatever. We ended up putting a very small check in alongside you guys kind of taking this really what it sounds like was an idea and a brand and now scaling it out to what it's become. So like how do you recreate the magic of Dollar Shave Club with a different product, different brand? Is there a formula to it or is it just kind of again moment in time, different tactics? Same strategy, different kind of platform. So  that's been about June, so about 14 months in or so when we launched, but I saw it a year and a half ago. At that time, we just banned plastic straws. And I thought, huh, plastic straws, the social spread of how we are becoming a little bit more aware of the environment, how the whale is washing ashore with 90 pounds of plastic in its belly, right? And people are starting to talk about plastic, plastic, plastic. I thought, well,  kind of the cigarette butt of our generation. Like you see somebody smoking a cigarette, you're like really? It's not as culturally okay these days. And then I don't drink, I'm actually allergic to alcohol. And for a very long time I would always like holding, this feels just natural. And then lastly, it's content. If we've noticed during this pandemic, are you opening up Instagram as often? It's kind of boring it turns out.  Again, that goes back to the universally, we all love to hate plastic water bottles, right? And in a lot of cases, drinking alcohol is a peer pressure environment. And this kind of eases that environment and gives you some of the top. So it's a lot of conversation. And so it's going back to what you're saying. You're using the same tactics. Give something for somebody to talk about. Dollar Shave Club, funny, viral video. Like, I can't believe that they charge 30 bucks. This is six bucks. What a deal.  And now you're saying, well, we have almost a hundred thousand Instagram fans. What's the content? 25 people got tattoos. Someone just got married with it. Like we made a, a heavy metal album with it. It's content and people just want to talk about it. So it's all about marketing. Ultimately. Part of what cracks me up too, specifically around liquid death is, uh, the haters marketed as well. Right. They're literally like, I remember when the articles came out about the fundraise, like people were like, this is the dumbest thing I've ever heard.  and idiots. DUMB. Whatever name calling you can possibly hurl at it. That made everybody else say, you know what? I'm not dumb. I'm not a dumb consumer. Like screw you. I'm all in. And this goes to if you look at politics today, when you a one end, you just call blatantly anybody who disagrees with you and idiots. It turns out it emboldens and it takes all the people who are moderate to pick a side. And generally when you're in the middle of a  Like here's the best hateful comments and which makes people just laugh right and you actually see like Jeff Bezos right now is Embracing this as well. He's taking customer emails who are Backlash against him supported Black Lives Matter and he's posting them on Instagram and being like you're a customer I'm happy to lose right and people almost kind of gravitate towards that because you're because fans of it Who can identify just like you you've made lifelong fans right and that look there's the big  It is what it is. I don't live my life to seek approvals from everybody else. If you did that, that's a sad life. Do good things, celebrate your wins, and ignore the haters. That's what they say. I can back up the fact that you saying that you are the first on the dance floor is actually a fact. I have literally been with Peter when he has been like, hey, nobody's on the dance floor. I will be the first. And within 20 minutes, there's a dance party every single time.  No judgment, but if one person does it all of a sudden it's like well should I should I and I think dancing is one of those liberating moments where you can kind of let go of what you're thinking about work disappears out of your mind there's a little bit of freedom there's this endorphin hit of just joy and happiness like you'll never see a dance far going off where there's sadness like it is just and so to me it's a challenge to walk into a wedding a party a businessman and just get the dance for it's for me it's a challenge because  And they said, man, Peter's really drunk. And they didn't know who you were, right? They just they were just like, oh, this guy's like hammered. I was like, no, no, no, Peter doesn't drink. Like, that's him 24 seven. Like, he's just a happy dude, right? And he's gonna get the dance party started. And I almost looked at it as like, it was such a compliment, right? They didn't realize that. But it was like a thing where, oh, somebody who would have to get drunk to kind of let down their inhibitions in order to have that much enjoyment. And I was like, no, like, he makes a conscious choice.  It's like it's great feeling. So I just naturally was just done it my entire life. One of the the latest companies that you guys have done that I think a lot of people are paying attention to is PlayVS and maybe talk a little bit about kind of how that came together with Delane and how you guys have built it so quickly. I think I think a lot of people are sitting there saying like great idea Delane is obviously speaks for himself in terms of how he's been as an  is just serendipitally running into people, meeting people. I'm one of those people. I go to every conference. I'm looking to meet people. And a couple of years back at South by Southwest during, there's a side event called Culture House that's put on by just amazing black entrepreneurs and investors. And it's really kind of this side event that says, look, South by is mostly white. And years ago, they said, let's put together this event and Culture House. And so they were serving brisket.  and  If you kind of think about fantasy football, right, which would be interesting if we had that this year, but fantasy football is spread across CBS, Yahoo, NFL.com, ESPN, pro fantasy sports, all, imagine if there's one service that service all fantasy football. That's what Play versus is. And so the scale of that, the reason I think people are surprised at the speed is globally it's big US, not so much, but, you know, one of the things in my back of my head was thinking  where you can play League of Legends, you can play video games essentially that are esports globally in high school, get a letter, win a state championship. And we raised almost $100 million in the first 18 months. And to me, look at the time, this is, you know, Delane wrote, raised the most money any black founder has ever raised for a consumer internet company in that short amount of time. And this is, you know,  is worse. And so but I grew up with a father he didn't. That to me is, you know, a lot of it is him. He is grown as an individual. He is the CEO of a company that is going to be most likely the biggest investment and biggest company that we've ever been a part of for sure. And so why did it grow so fast? He's an animal. He's just just lights out. He won't press anybody to market timing. And then it turns out in this pandemic,  scholarship to play chess in college. They would be so proud. When you think about esports, five on five, it's the strategy is unbelievable. You are thinking five, 10, 20 steps ahead. You have to react instantaneously while communicating with four other players on your team. It's actually next level, three dimensional offense defense planning strategically. What do we do in life, in real life as jobs,  Right. I mean, he is the real deal. When I asked people for questions for you before we recorded, the number one question was how the hell does Peter Pham raise so much money over and over and over again for the companies that he works with? I think you will be the first to say it really comes down to the founders and their vision and kind of what they're building outside of that. Right. So don't spend a lot of time on that outside of that. What makes a good fundraise and a bad fund raise  It's over a decade or so. And a lot of that is, it turns out to me that's numbers. So in every round, no matter what, I'm talking to 70, I'm talking 70 to 100 people. So lots of no's. We're talking. So I'm somewhere in the 7,000 no range. Like no's are soft no's, quick no's. And I'm going for the no. I'm trying to find the person where time and space just align. Like I am looking for that investment.  store in a different way that will be more compelling. You have to remember this investor, I think I can empathize, which is they want to be part of the journey. Like what's the hook to make them feel like they're almost an employee of the company? Like where they want to be excited to work for this company. That is the missing link. The other is what we called FOMO, right? Fear of missing out. What are the things where it's obvious things are happening and the momentum starting  before Google maps, right? What exists now that allows what you're doing, what's changed essentially? So if you look at Dollar Shave Club, well, what changed was like subscription, I can mail things, right? Using media postal service mail for like $2, I could ship everything gold all over the United States for very inexpensively. I can now create and get things from Asia here much, much cheaper, it's just easier, right?  advantage of that and what's the world gonna look like? That's kind of like the story hierarchy of any startup. And I think if you just thought through that a little bit and get to the story quickly, right, I call it cocktail conversations. Whoever you're telling the story to, whether or not the decision-making are saying yes, they have to articulate that very quickly in a sound bite, in a memory, and something memorable to somebody. It could be their spouse, it could be  seed ABCD. I can't even talk. I rarely don't talk about this publicly. Okay. For the 30 days, for the 90 days leading up to the fundraise, okay, kind of go backwards for the next 30 days as a founder and CEO, you have 20, 40, 50 things you're trying to get accomplished. Focus everything down to three things that you know, you can move the needle and make it go up.  right? Were you efficient with that capital? Because when I come into invest, I kind of want to, in a way, feel like, well, the last, I'm taking advantage of the last investor, like, they put in all the hard money. Mine's the easy money, right? So you have to prove that the money that you took, here's what I did. Here's what I learned. And this is, it's starting to happen. These things are really like, we, we learned a lot. We took the last investor's money, learned a ton and now  Right? Are more logging in or the more sharing it essentially velocity velocity velocity you want to find things where you're seeing an uptick in a percentage uptake because Top-line revenue to me can be bought in any startup Give me 10 million. I'll buy 10 million dollars revenue. That's very inefficient What you want to show this for every dollar that comes in I'm making things Faster pretty more efficiency in the product  We're seeing acceleration every week, week over week, more and more cases being sold. So then if I extrapolate that out as an investor, say, well, okay, so if I give you money and there's more discretion, you're gonna keep going. So it's all about storytelling, right? But when you look at the details of the data, pick three things that you're gonna focus on as a founder and CEO and drive those things and tell a story of why there's correlation and causation, that these things  or Amazon Prime members, but how many renewed? Are they spending more month after month after month? Is it worth launching this other thing? Well, yes, if they spend more money, right? Velocity, velocity, velocity. I'm sure that as like most people, the number of boxes shown up at your front desk door is increasing, not decreasing in time. So that means they're doing better. Take that same example and take it to your startup. There's always something that's getting better. If it's not,  perspective, right? Of like what they can actually drive. You mentioned the kind of 90 days pre actually going out for the fundraise. That's about 30 days of focus. What are you doing the other 60 days? Well, the next 30 days is the 30 days of focus, 30 days of it actualizing, right? It's, it's working. Things are going up into the right. The last 30 days is during the fundraise. During the fundraise, it's continuing to go up. It's something, if I talk to you today on Monday, when you check back  Hey, we're growing one customer a month or one million a month. So it's June. So in December you'll be six more million, right? And then the year from now, I'll be 12 or a million, two years from now. Well, I can just wait, pay more later, but de-risk, de-risk by 95, 90 plus percent of my dollar risk, right? Because risk as an investor,  or first 30 days focus. Next 30 days, it's starting to happen. The next 30 days, it continues to happen so that in those investor conversations, you're honest about it. You look at the data, but there's something to talk about continuously and it keeps going up. And hey, investor, if you give me money, I can make this even go faster. That's to me kind of like the 90 day program. It is about focus because as a founder and CEO, there's so many things  Like you can be great at one thing. Like until you have scale against one thing, don't do the second and third idea. Like Uber took a long time before they do Uber Eats. Like a long time, right? So that's after like billions in the coffers. Most startups before you raise 100 million, you're doing one thing for a very long time. And so a lot of this exercise is just saying as a CEO, you have 20 ideas and people working on this thing.  And I think that's the thing that I think is really important. I think that's the thing that I think is really important. I think that's the thing that I think is really important. I think that's the thing that I think is really important. I think that's the thing that I think is really important. I think that's the thing that I think is really important. I think that's the thing that I think is really important. I think that's the thing that I think is really important. I think that's the thing that I think is really important.  We always say data, data, data. It's just not, it's not about just showing graphs, right? It's about articulating why, like why do you think that's happening? And can you, can you replicate that over and over and over and their defensibility ultimately as a, as a company, everything can be replicated. Like there will be clones everywhere, but those that understand the why always win, right? The why the secret sauce is the thing people invest in.  his head and how he creates the culture and how he thinks about his fan base and how he thinks the next thing he's going to do that emboldens and really grows that passion with those users to use that voice. And so you have to understand the why and how to replicate that over and over again and spend the time on the data to see it and looking at it in different perspectives. And so, yeah, there's every startup you want to be either number one or number two in the market. There's number number three.  Airbnb Home Away was first. Then Airbnb, Airbnb actually understood the customer better, the younger demographic, the millennial, whatever you want to call it, and the flexibility, and they pulled away. So to me, understanding the insights in the human psychology of why people talk about things, why people share on Instagram and Twitter and Facebook, and the tools that you give them to,  And like made it different, made it personal, made it individualism to some degree. Today, you have to allow that. Like you have to allow people to express themselves and feel like they own part of that idea. Otherwise you'll fail. So, you know, I think about consumers. Enterprise is much different. I did enterprise for a very long time. That one's fascinating. I enjoy consumer stuff. What are the areas in consumer that you're most excited about right now or that you guys are most excited about?  We went premium, like the highest end camping gear, but we ship it to you nationwide. Pandemic hits, everything shuts down. We're like, but guess what? The last couple of weeks. What does everyone want to do? Camping, parks. We have the exclusive with almost every state park, national park. So you can go to arrive outdoors right now. We'll send you clean plans, sterilized like camping equipment for you to use. When you're done,  aren't going to break down behind things that are the nicest materials that keep you warm. And now it's just interesting. We got timings, everything, right? Like we also are hitting this time where everyone wants to be outdoors. That's the types of behaviors. Lambs is another one. It's interesting, like I think universally most people would not want to hold their phone against their head all day, right? Now, whether you believe it  We have this thing called the snapback glove. It's a silver line glove that you can slide in your hand to open up doors, you don't touch it. But the brand is really about like protective clothing that, you know, it's nice. It works. It's comfortable. Why wouldn't you wear this underwear if you're trying to get pregnant or you actually think, you know, maybe it does cause cancer. So, so the new stuff, you know, we're launching a cereal. I don't know if I'm supposed to say that yet, but we're launching a cereal.  For everybody who's got kids on Zoom, what's the product that they might be linking? That means we're incubating something around that. We're doing music. I mean, we have a record label and we're hip-hop and trap music. So, you know, there's, to me, entertainment is still a big part of what we think about wanting to do. And Wishbone and Yarn are two top 200 apps in the App Store, right? That's us. And that's just people wanting to be entertained,  service, why, and how does it scale. And then third, entertainment, if it's an app or if it's like e-sports, Play versus or Prey.com, like that to me is something to do on your mobile device. That's not Instagram, that's not Facebook, that's not Snapchat. So what is that thing? Right now it's, we have Wishbone, Yarn, Prey.com, Play versus. So it's a lot of these ideas for us are,  of creating digital assets. And RealBlocks is looking at taking real world big bank assets, REITs, securities, and taking that whole automation of back the end of it, the idea of putting that in digital form and making it globally accessible. It's going to happen, whether it's today, tomorrow. There's no doubt there isn't a rational personal world  that was ever created. And to us, that was a tremendous learning of how hard it is, right, to do. And so, you know, we're still working on a bunch of crazy ideas, right? We have Protego launching soon, which is a custody and a trust company. And we're one of the only things that exists  to tell you that story that in a year people were going to rent a lot of camping gear wasn't a stretch. You know plastic bottles people should don't drink we've banned plastic straws to think that watering a can might take money isn't too big of a stretch and so I'm much more the that that's been my skill as an investor 12 to 18 months maybe two years. 10 years we can have opinions on I don't want to wait that long to know if I'm right. That's my skill and I want to have fun I want to love to  probably better than anyone I've ever seen is you practice. I've heard you literally pitch liquid death probably 500 times while I'm with you as you're handing the can. And it was all before that the big last fundraise, right? And so like all of that repetition every time wasn't exactly the same, but it went from, Hey, there's this water in this can that, you know, it was kind of what I would assume most people would start at to by the time the 500th time I heard you say it, I was like,  And I just adjust adjust up. So when I say 7000 no's, those 7000 no's got to a couple hundred yes's just because every time I'm just watching the reaction, I'm listening to the reaction, what do they have questions about? How can I essentially in advance answer the question in the pitch? So part of pitching is repetition. You can call it practice, but talking it out loud to people, normal people like Jen Pop, who aren't investors, do they understand what you're doing?  you pitch in a way by kind of answering those questions along, you don't waste that 30 minutes you have with an investor. I always think even though people say it's an hour, you really have, in my opinion, you have about 15 minutes, like, you know, maybe less. So you got to capture them inside the first few minutes, 15 minutes. A meeting that goes longer than one hour, you have them. The last thing I'll say is there's a 24 hour rule out.  cut it so they can move on. Like they need to move on, they need to move on. And so if you're an entrepreneur out there and you're pitching people, if they haven't gotten back to you in a week, don't, Bob, like don't waste energy hoping, right? And you're not a teacher. You are not, as an entrepreneur, built to educate everybody. So just because an ambassador asked the question does not mean you have to answer. It is not truth serum. Like it is  be a part of this, right? Would you like the privilege to invest? Like make it feel like it's a privilege. Like they have to sell you a little bit. And it's a really mental thing. It's in the back of your head. If anybody out there who's raised money before the moment you get somebody, you get a term sheet, all of a sudden you are so much more confident to the next investor. Nothing actually changed, right? Except your confidence into that next pitch. And all of a sudden like the momentum  Um, but don't just the desperation thing never works. It's a really interesting Dynamic in a psychology thing when raising money that Your shares and equity of the company is very very valuable treat it like so because if you treat it like it's not why would investor Want to give you money if you don't even think it's valuable. So it's a subtleties. It's a lot of subconsciousness around that Every great entrepreneur knows that the investor needs them in order to to make a return on the fund  I definitely, my PR firm tells me I shouldn't be tweeting so much about things, but Twitter, it's my true self. I really don't look for validation. I am who I am. I have confidence in what I'm doing. And so Twitter is the best. Hit me up. My DMs are open. I read everything. If I don't reply, sometimes it does get buried. Email as well, but science-inc.com, info at, we read everything. All the partners open up their email.  And it just has to resonate. We don't ever take offense to investors that don't, you know, that say, no, it's just not, it's just timing. Sandipity is so much of this. How many investments have you done where it was Sandipity meeting? Most of them. I don't know the exact percentage, but definitely most of them in the sense of, and some of it too is, if you look back, some of it is,  Not every