 All right guys, bang bang I've got Darrell here. Thanks for doing this, sir. Thanks for having me on, I appreciate it. For sure. For the very few people listening who don't know who you are, let's just start with your background and how do you get to be the general manager of the Houston Rockets? I'll tell the quick, least boring version. Probably the easiest way to think about it is I worked in baseball,  Moneyball revolution came. I got fortunate to get a job with the Celtics initially working with Danny Ainge and then the prior runner of the Rockets wanted to make a change. The GM was retiring, wanted to go in sort of a data Moneyball direction. And I got my shot down here in Houston in 06 and I've been doing it ever since, which somehow I've made it this far. So. 14 years means you got to be doing something right.  the NBA and kind of like what's the plan as of right now? We'll caveat the whole thing with it could change. It feels like at any moment, but just kind of what's the plan to finish the season? Yeah, I can't say too much publicly until it's been officially announced, but I think people are seeing the news and we're all excited for the restart. It does look likely that that will happen. And I think the plan is as good as it can be, given all the constraints that have been thrown at the teams and league office and the players.  or data's driving a lot of the decision making in a regular season, now you kind of have this outside force that has completely changed what a season looks like, players kind of being in the rhythm of the season, all of these existential factors. How do you think about data playing into that? Yeah, so first off, all those outside factors, if you're not one of the favorites, they generally are going to favor you. They just add more variance. So that's a good thing.  It's like two orders of magnitude bigger than you do on a regular season game. We're not like football where you have a week between games. We generally have a tight window and things change with players being in and out. So you can't overly prepare for each regular season game and they have less meaning than each NFL game. But the playoff games are different. The amount of data and analysis broken down to a very minute level is massive for a playoff series. And then the adjustment.  So a lot of times it's trying not to over adjust in a playoff series. Yeah. And for those that have seen Moneyball, obviously there, you know, Billy Bean and the other characters are literally calculating this stuff with like hand calculators and pieces of paper. I'm assuming you guys aren't doing that. Maybe kind of help us understand how much technology and what we would consider more cutting edge analytics is going into the crunching of all those data points versus what's shown in a movie like that.  position of the players in three dimensions, the ball in three dimensions, even the refs in three dimensions. And you can imagine that fire hose of data that all gets flowed into analyzing, you know, what plays you pick, what shots you take, how you run your defense, all that. And, you know, literally the job of myself and our group and the coach and even the players ultimately on the floor is how do you boil that data down into  to every stadium and both teams get that or is it on a stadium by stadium basis or do you guys travel with equipment? Like how does that work? Yeah, you're making a big good point and that you don't really get an edge unless you have differential data. I mean, you got better analysis, but differential data is the best. We used to at a time have differential data where we had some of that overhead data other teams did and that was a huge edge. The NBA right or wrong and you could easily argue right has given that technology to every team. So every team  I'm assuming they watch film, right? And then they're kind of aware of what I would consider, you know, that type of data. How much are they digging into actual analytics and understanding, you know, on this spot on the floor, this person shoots this percentage, and I've got to push them here to a different spot on the floor. Do they get kind of that level of granularity or is it more of they're aware of more, you know, higher level trends and don't worry so much about the actual analytics? It's a spectrum. So on one extreme, you can read Michael Lewis's article on Shane  instructions on where to put your elbow and shift your weight and everything. And if you go up there thinking about thinking about all the Sorry, I'm gonna kill that. If you go up there thinking about all the things you need to think about to hit that golf shot, you're gonna you're not gonna do very well. Like you need to on the actual time to actually hit the ball and play you need to you need to think about only you know getting into  playing in a way that works with coach D'Antoni and how he wants to play. So we sort of make it happen that way versus fire hosing the players with the information that is generally the way we do it. Got it. And I'm assuming a lot of that maybe filter mechanism is at the coaching level where they're the ones calling the plays and trying to put people in positions. So they're probably much more aware of what the analytics are telling them. Yeah, they're always aware of whatever they need. And they ask a lot of questions, which you know, where you can do  using a lot of this data and kind of seeking it out. How do you use it specifically around like contract negotiations, right? So everyone knows that, okay, hey, look, it's great to go get the players that best fit your system and you can use analytics to kind of pick who you want. The next step is really just how do you actually pay these players and what kind of analytics goes into that in that contract negotiation? Well, yeah, and I think as people sell with Moneyball, that is the job. You basically have a budget set by the collective bargaining agreement of what you can spend  And so that is the core challenge. And yeah, for sure we do a lot of analysis to find these undervalued players, right? And what would surprise a lot of people, but anyone who's like into a deal, like anyone who is like an M&A guy or deal guy or even a real estate broker, right? The data underpins everything, but what sets the market is really surprising.  So no matter what you think that guy's worth, his price is probably going to get driven up. Just like if you buy a house and you do all the comparables, it doesn't matter when 10 people show up and are all bidding. So you have to be willing to dynamically adjust in the moment, and you have to keep those fundamentals in mind. But if you only are driven off what the spreadsheet tells you or whatever, you're not going to end up actually getting to an optimal answer.  it's irrelevant. It would be as irrelevant if I gave them a book of our analysis, right? At the end of the day, do they have two or more people interested in their services or not? If it's just one, you know, then they're probably in a not a great situation. If it's multiple, then they've got they've got the teams in a better situation. It, you know, as you know, it always comes down to supply and demand. It's not really about the analysis going in the analysis sets, like maybe your own limits. And when you walk away for both sides,  I think this is why he gets a little bit, I don't think the media is super fair with him, but people say that all the time. So you can take that for what it is, but I really don't. And, but I think part of it is he has a tight circle of people that he trusts and with those people who he knows have his best interest at heart and he's had a history with,  and I couldn't have a better partner to try and win a title with. And in fact, most days I wake up saying, I've let him down because I haven't gotten him, got him the right players to win a title. I love that. When you do win a title, any idea what you will do the next day? Well, I'm pretty sure just so I know myself, I'm probably not going to enjoy it as much as I should. I'll probably just be, because actually the NBA schedule and anyone who's won knows this because I know it because you  there's less variance, the favorites have a much bigger edge because you know we on it's a funny thing on an individual game basis an NBA game is generally the most predictable of all the major sports MLB NFL whatever and just to make sure the right team wins we play seven times like we should be one and done and the NFL should play seven times for example if you wanted to try and balance out the the general variance and we in my opinion we should have shorter series so there's  Yeah. Obviously the world is chaotic. That's part of the reason why the NBA is not playing right now. You have an owner that has this amazing business that just happens to be in a sector that's been hit the hardest around hospitality, all of that. How has that been just as an organization, kind of knowing that the owner of the teams got other things going on and has to deal with trying to take care of thousands of other employees outside of your organization?  I focus on what helps me in terms of like how he's been impacted. It's obviously been material and he's had his own comments on that, but I never feel it. To his credit, he's come in and his history is like, look, I'm gonna be successful no matter what I do. And often that means having to change out leadership and things like that. He did a lot of research coming in and that research, again, as far as I know, it sure seems like a given  Yeah, that's awesome. And you know, sign of a great leader, right, who can kind of shield people if they don't need to be impacted by it. Maybe kind of share thoughts on just like the world is different right now. And obviously there's everything from the coronavirus to the economic crisis to now the the protests around police brutality. And how do you outside of your day job just think about, you know, what the world's going through or we're experiencing right now? Yeah, I was thinking about the fact that I've  that it shows the challenge that everyone is probably facing right now, how to get your bearings on all these very important things that are happening at once. And so I think if our players and myself and others are having issues, then I think everyone's having issues. And in terms of using the platform, I've always used it very heavily from a civil liberties perspective. I think one of the reasons I'm on this is because  but you can try to get to as fair fairness of people to be who they want to be, right? And clearly that's never going to be fair, but you can try to create systems and structures and paths for people to make it as fair as you can. And I think free speech is big for that. And I think even freedom of money, which maybe we'll get into.  There's no like certified, you know, what you voted for. You could have hit the wrong buttons. You wouldn't even know, right? You don't know how it's recorded. They're super hackable. So as a computer science major, so I'm really obviously someone who has a lot of interest in technology. That was where I came from prior to basketball. And these are super hackable machines. And so, you know, I've given a lot of money to the ACLU to help fix those machines, but it takes political action.  in the world that we live in today with social media platforms and kind of access to information, we get to see maybe it's not as kind of open and free and democratic as we like to think of ourselves, right? Yeah, absolutely. And I thought our rocket statement was really good and it ended with Martin Luther King's quote, which I think is maybe one of the best ever, which isn't justice anywhere, it's a threat to justice everywhere.  And obviously for you, it's a little bit of a weird situation, right? In the sense of you can speak for Daryl, you can speak for the Rockets, and then there's the NBA stuff. And obviously there was the tweet that you had and kind of all of the chaos, I think, around that. How did that experience change the way you think now about when you speak out on things, especially in the United States and you donate money, which is to me always like that's the ultimate act of support, right? It's like-  that you think about voicing the things that you care about really? Yeah, I mean, in terms of like the issues I care about, those haven't changed. And I do know lots of people around the world haven't graduated from MIT where like 40% of my classes is overseas and in a lot of key places and financial centers and places like that. So it does give you a big worldview. Plus with my job, I'm very fortunate to travel to a massive number  But then obviously recently one made a big impact and you know, I think there's just a general awareness of you know, that the potential for impact is even bigger than I understood. Yeah, that's part of the beauty and the curse of the social platforms, right? Yeah, I think it's mostly a beauty, but it can be a curse if used poorly. I think there's some very prominent  you there's because like bad info does spread faster. I mean, I think, you know, that's been established in the past, but I think people feel it and know it even more now. And people want easy answers. They want like, I don't like what that guy's saying. I want it down. But the ACLU was founded on, you know, making sure that people can say what they mean and let the competition of ideas and that's an oversimplified view. But  realizes a lot of guys, I was in the interest of all guys, always would say is like, look, part of the beauty of free speech is I actually did something so that you have the right to say things I disagree with. Right? Like, like that is the whole point of free speech is that it's not what whether I agree with it or not. It's just that you can say what you want to say. When I try to preserve that culture of the Rockets, I don't think good decisions are made until you have passionate people, hopefully, you know, as smart as  similar in some of these other great companies where I've studied people from there and talked to them. I do think you want very passionate people who come to strong opinions, although weakly held, meaning if they hear something that's better, they'll quickly shift. But you want them coming in, having thought about it, and you get to better answers that way. But if you start to push down dissent by not letting people put out things that are potentially offensive or potentially that don't agree with you, that's  and the basic freedoms are preserved because otherwise you can steer a whole country to ditch pretty quickly. And I think you've seen how that's happened to some countries around the world. For sure. You not only are a big proponent of data and analytics, but also of just technology in general. Two technologies I want to talk about. One is the SpaceX launch just happened and then we'll get to Bitcoin itself. But just I saw you tweeting a bunch about SpaceX and the launch and I didn't know that one of the astronauts up at the ISS is a Rockets fan.  compared to him when I'm around him because he's so amazing. And yeah, he's up in space again. His third time is going to be there for I think about six months. You just welcome the SpaceX crew. He had to launch off Soyuz every time he's been up because we did not have a launch vehicle, which was sort of a bit of a national embarrassment. So credit to SpaceX and Elon Musk for putting that together. It doesn't feel like they're getting enough credit. Honestly, the government got a little bit more abundant with the space  One thing that humans really, really do well and helps us advance as a civilization is having these sort of big, big projects that push technology forward, push hope forward, push dreaming forward. I think that money is very, very well spent, even though it's obviously significant. And you could argue could go to social programs and things like that. Yeah, it's one of these things where, you know, look, we've launched people to space before.  and technology and innovation, like that ultimately is a net positive for not only the United States, but globally for innovation in general. Yeah, this, I'll be frank, like this time period feels like the same. I didn't live in the 60s, but I always asked my dad about it. Because he'd study in history. I was like, Ted, you had like the civil rights movement, the space program, the assassination of a president, Vietnam. You know, like, it seemed like so much was happening in the 60s. I was always like asking him, what was it like being in the middle  really, really bad where like young people die and a high percentage die. And that was a real possibility that something I've worried about and I'm sure many others have worried about. And early on, we didn't know how bad the virus was going to be. So I was like stacking up food thinking we might lose electricity. I was like one of these crazy, I was like, why not? Like it's the precautionary principle. And then when we learned more about it, I was less worried.  I don't have the money to be one of those create like super preppers where they have like a they have like a silo like Hugh Howie's book wall like they have like a silo already picked out and stuff and an island they're gonna get helicopter to but But no, I mean I'm a prepper in that I'm a pretty long-range thinker I've always tried to be a couple moves ahead don't always succeed really try to be So I actually when I was doing the hoarding and my wife was like getting pissed at me because I was bringing home like  I think about this, I'm in Vegas a lot, can we play a lot of basketball there? Vegas to me, if the power went out in Vegas, it would be the zombie apocalypse in like 36 hours. Like the infrastructure, like humans can't live in Vegas really without like so much infrastructure that makes it like this crazy place that we put a whole society. Like the water would go quick, it's too hot, nothing works. None of that infrastructure works.  and then we can get into your deep interest in Bitcoin specifically. Yeah, so I've been fortunate. Like I thought the market was pretty overbought. Like you don't know. So I'm mostly dollar cost averaging in because the reality is the one thing I know is that I don't have no idea. I don't have time to study this. Maybe you do. So I'm mostly like Boggle, just ETF, dollar cost averaging and like don't worry about it because I don't have time. But it hit where I thought it was too expensive. I was just like, you know,  the economic devastation at the ground level was so significant and so severe and obviously the market's looking multiple years out and in an irrational and rational way. It you know right now it looks good but this thing could still go down significantly. I'm not betting in any material way right now. I don't feel like I have any idea. I generally don't sell winners because I don't want the tax impact. Hopefully this isn't super boring but this is like yeah and I'm in a lot of hedge funds  is if you beat the S&P consistently by 5%, everyone loves you. If I beat the S&P average by 5%, I'm like the seven seed and I lose in the first round. So I have to take more risks than basketball, but generally, yeah, just popping off. I don't know if I answered your question. Hopefully I did. No, no. I think people are just fascinated by, especially given your interest so much in data and analytics in sports, right? That perspective on the finance markets are really interesting.  get people to do it. I gave away one like 1.0 Bitcoin back when it was like $4. I don't know. I just thought it was like, why not? It'll be fun and it'll get like I figured the right people who would give us good answers and ideas were probably the people ahead and like looking at things like Bitcoin. So I gave away one Bitcoin in 2011 and when Bitcoin was like 25 grand, I was tweeting like, well, yeah, the idea we got was not worth 25 grand. So yeah, I've been using I've  this and I didn't know until they were hacked that that was actually originally a magic the gathering exchange like I had no idea I didn't know I had just read like hey if you want to trade Bitcoin go to this MTGOX I didn't do any research I mean at the time honestly I'm holding like who knows like I don't remember like 50 to 150 Bitcoin at five dollars like who cares like I didn't really give a shit at the time I was just holding it because why not I wanted to like  that it works at some level. It only works because everyone says it works. That's true of all money, whether it be, you know, government issued money or Bitcoin. It only works because everyone agrees it works. But at any moment that could end, that's true of all money. But if you talk to economists, they had developed so many theories and methods about what it had to be that they couldn't get out of their own headspace, honestly. And I was like, all it is is a technology. And it's a technology that facilitates exchange.  sometimes because sometimes you just do things because you just want to be different. But in this case, I felt pretty good that they were off. Now when you bought Bitcoin in 2010, 2011, did you go tell them that you bought it as kind of like, when this works, I'm going to come back and remind you of this conversation? I thought it in my head, but like, whenever you say that, like the karma, you know, the karma comes back. So I've met, you know, like, Taylor's like a big guy that I've mentioned, he still thinks it's  of the commonest, the lowest common denominator arguments that the older, wealthy clients that you have that are going to watch will immediately just say, yeah, of course that's right. They just kind of buy into that because they haven't heard them dispelled yet, I guess. Right? Well, and I'd almost agree with them that it's probably not the investment for most people. Like you have to know what you're getting into and why. So yeah, no, I would not recommend it for most people. I'd have to ask them their investment goals.  time, put layers on top of it, all those things that people are already doing. And I don't want to pass myself off as a Bitcoin expert, because it's probably clear I'm not even based on how I'm talking. But I am pretty good at like, you know, gambling, I like to put markers down on all future technology, because the history is like everyone writes it off early, and then it improves over time. All the clay Christians and stuff is pretty true with new technology. Yeah. And then I guess the last part of this is there's  I've heard, and I'm curious if you've done more research into this. I've done only the very high level cursory because I want it to happen, but I've never read anything reliable, which is, is that coming? Is it online? Like if we could get an internet that where someone in a failed state could bypass the infrastructure in their country by going to a satellite internet that's more free and open, is that coming?  and they basically were trying to make a record immutable, right? And if I remember all the details correctly, it was like something like there was a sexual assault case at a university. They felt like the government was trying to cover it up. They write it into the blockchain. Anyone in the world can go and read it. So like there's that type of stuff, which is less internet functionality and more of just a way to keep an immutable record of a specific message. Then there's also a number of companies that are doing a lot of work.  decentralized ownership and no one government can step in and take it down. You can imagine that's awesome when you look at it from the civil liberties lens and kind of all of these authoritarian countries and stuff. Obviously on the other side, there's plenty of people who, you know, that scares the hell out of them, right? And they're like, oh my God, every, you know, child pornographer is going to go and use this and, you know, the world's going to end, right? And so, you know, there's, there's probably a weight in both arguments, but at the same time, you know, the internet's been a net positive for the world.  be able to get some ability to flow zeros and ones to a household that is using some electromagnetic spectrum that's unblockable. That's the basic thing you need. And again, I don't know how close we are to that. Because without that, people in failed states that don't have civil liberties can be blocked, can be kept off of  currency and all of that, but there was actually at one point a nationwide shutdown of the electrical grid. And I think it was only for a couple of days, and this is maybe like two years ago, year and a half ago. And somebody basically had a generator at their home. They were able to get their electricity back on through the generator. And then they were able to make a connection. And I can't remember if it was through a mesh network or a satellite, but somehow they were able to get access to the Bitcoin network and they can confirm the transaction, right? They actually were able to do it. And so their whole thing  to that functionality to so many different positions in life, whether you're an authoritarian government or the power grid goes out, or actually you just want accessibility, right? How many currencies fail around the world and people want dollars but can't get them, right? To be able to literally just use an internet connection to get access to a currency is pretty powerful by itself. And so, I'm with you. I think that this is the writings on the wall, like we're headed that direction. The big question is, what technologies win, what companies win, how long does it take?  and 100 years, we're not finishing the game better, we're not doing one free throw like we do at the D-League. Like all these basic changes, for sure they're going to happen. It's just like we just don't know exactly what year, exactly when it'll get approved. But you know for sure, it was like early on when we were at the Rockets, like we already knew that three-pointers were much better to shoot and you know on our D-League team we were shooting like 70 of them. So again, so it's like you knew directionally this was where the league was going to go. It was just like how fast and when you're going to be there. I think that's  You realize that really nobody's very good at it in any time period past like two to three years. But you can say like, look, I know it's going to look like we're going to have robot cars that takes us around. I mean, I'm mad because I Ubered everywhere, right? So I was like Ubers. I didn't have a car. I was Ubers number one client. Probably not going to Uber for a little while. And we knew that the human Ubers were going to get replaced by robot Ubers. You know that was going to happen.  whether it's Bitcoin, whether it's robot Ubers or the way the NBA games end, it's like when you know that that's the foregone conclusion, there is a sense of frustration because it's not here today. But also there's the work that needs to be done, right? And that, in going back to kind of the SpaceX and entrepreneur type stuff, to me at least, it's like, look, I'm glad somebody's working on that stuff, right? Because I'm not going to go build it. You're not going to go build it, but I sure want to ride in one. That's going to be awesome. Yeah. And I think all the time, wasting my time working