 All right guys, bang bang. Super excited to have Matt here. Thank you for doing this, sir. Thank you for having me on the show. It's great to speak to you. Absolutely. For those that don't know you, let's just start with your background. Where'd you grow up and kind of what'd you do before you started writing books? Well, I grew up exactly where I'm sitting right now, which is in the Northeast of England. And I became very keen on that.  seven years ago, I got myself into the House of Lords in the UK. So I'm a part-time politician as well as everything else, but it is very much a part-time job. It's not a full-time thing. For those that are not familiar with the House of Lords, you want to explain a little bit about how it works? Yeah. Well, the UK Parliament has two chambers, just like Congress does. The House of Commons and the House of Lords. The House of Commons is elected and it has the vast majority of the power. It decides what legislation goes through.  So these guys are there to guard the constitution. And I'm one of those, I inherited a title that gave me the chance to run for election to a vacant spot on the House of Lords. So I actually had to win an election. There were 27 candidates and 48 voters. How does that happen? Well, it's a bit like running for dog catcher in a small town in rural America, I guess. Yeah. And I guess like what's your take kind of on  So I was pretty positive about democracy. More and more countries were becoming democratic. The number of autocracies in the world was shrinking, largely because of the retreat of communism, which had created autocracies all over the world in Africa and Latin America and other places. And so more and more people were voting for their leaders. Britain, we pretend, were a monarchy with an appointed House of Lords, but actually were a democracy, the real power  democracies like the United States, the conversation is becoming extremely polarized, extremely angry, and an awful lot of power is accruing to the officials appointed by democratic politicians rather than the democratic politicians themselves. And I think a lot of this has to do with the technology of communication. That is to say, just as printing kicked off all sorts of  in the grand scheme of human history, that's nothing, right? And so do you think that that is actually something that can be reversed the last 10 years, or do you feel like once you kind of have that transition or shift, it usually becomes a slippery slope and it's hard to get back on track, if you will? I think it's very hard to tell when you're in a historical period, whether it's heading in one direction or is a temporary blip that will be reversed. And actually people are terrible at understanding the future, particularly in  Democratic but it's still pretended it was communist now. It's going back. So in the grand sweep of history, I do not see the idea of Kings Emperors if you like coming back Even if there are individuals who managed to achieve that within certain countries like China and Russia For a short period of time, so I'm hopeful but I'm not as hopeful as I was a few years ago You're right about that and when I think back  obviously that has become a global bestseller. I've read it and the main takeaway from it was just, hey, like you can actually benefit from being positive on the future of the world. So it's interesting to hear maybe not pessimism from you, but a lower degree of optimism when it comes to some of the political stuff. Maybe talk a little bit about like that framework applied to today's society.  and medical and other prosperities that we are experiencing and have been experiencing. And the processes that have been producing those improvements in our lifespan, our health, our income, our escape from poverty, all these kinds of things are continuing. There's no reason to see any diminution. In fact, it has been a spectacular decade in that respect. So compared with 10 years  during the Great Recession of the financial crisis of 2008 to 10. And that felt like a possible end of the good times and the beginning of a bad times. And a lot of people told me it was. But I said, no, I think we will get the show back on the road. I think we will be able to improve people's living standards in the years ahead. And then along came the Euro crisis, the war in Ukraine, the war in Syria, the Ebola epidemic,  in the last 20 years has the percentage of the world population that lives in extreme poverty, that's a dollar 90 a day or less, doubled, halved or stayed the same in those 20 years. And in the US, 65% of people said it has doubled, 5% said it had halved, the 5% were right, the 65% were wrong. That's pretty striking. But what Rosling then did was he said,  We're absolutely convinced of things that actually are not true. And that seems to me a growing problem that largely because of media coverage of negative events, which is always happened, but is becoming more extreme all the time. That's because of that, we end up with a strong impression that things are going wrong in the world. And we don't know that they're going right. Interestingly, when we look at our own lives, we're quite optimistic.  that, oh, this must be everyone else's story, right? There's kind of a divergence there in my opinion of like, some of it is very intentional, that leads to what this thought process you're talking about. And then some of it feels like they're just telling the story of the person that's in extreme poverty. And because that's the only story they tell and they don't balance it with the story of the person who got out of extreme poverty, we then think, oh, everyone, you know, maybe that way. Does that make sense? Yeah, no, I think it's largely a matter  So, you know, I'm afraid bad news does sell. Good news is no news. If it bleeds, it leads, as they say in the journalism industry. So it's largely a matter of the fact that, you know, just think about, you know, a war-torn country that is in the news for year after year after year, Angola, say, or Mozambique in my youth, you know, yet another report.  And when you notice that, go and look up what's happening in Angola. And it's usually because actually the peace treaty did stick. Economic growth is occurring. The number of people in extreme poverty is declining. Hunger is on the retreat. So it really is the fact that the news focus moves away as soon as things start going right. And that seems a pity. Every now and then you get a colour piece saying, you know, actually life's looking up for the average Angolan.  number we've ever had in recorded history and none of those are happening in the Western Hemisphere. There's not one going on in Latin America, which there was until a few years ago. So that's never happened before. We've never had a whole hemisphere with no war in it. So let's appreciate that things aren't as bad as we'd like to think. For sure. And I think part of being like this rational optimist is you kind of have to believe that things will continue to improve, right? That the trend is your friend and  how innovation works. I tackle this question of where innovation happens and why it happens in certain parts of the world and not others. And basically innovation, which is the cause of prosperity, only happens because, not only, but mostly happens where people are already prosperous and ambitious and rich enough to invest in new ideas. It doesn't happen where people are desperate, where people are frantically in need of innovation to save their children's lives or something like that.  and anything you do is futile because we're all doomed. And I speak from personal experience here. When I was young, the environmental movement was just getting going. A lot of pessimism was doing the rounds about the future of the human race. The population explosion was unstoppable. Famine was inevitable. Lifespan was going to shorten because of all the pesticides in the environment. The deserts were advancing. The rainforest was reaching. The ice age was coming back. The ozone layer was shrinking.  book. To realise this wasn't true. People were getting richer and lots of species were being saved from extinction and air was getting cleaner and water was getting cleaner and oil spills were being driven extinct and famine had virtually vanished from the face of the earth in the last decade or two. So partly I'm on an evangelical mission to tell people, young people out there who are hearing from Greta to  Thesis is that during economic crisis, innovation actually gains market share, right? There's kind of a deflationary or compressionary aspect there. But can you help us define the difference between invention and innovation? Because I think that's a key piece of the book and also a key aspect that people need to understand is that those two things are not the same. Yeah. I think Cathy Woods is dead right, actually, that something happens in bad times to sort of  something that is practical, usable and affordable and available to people on a large scale. Now that might seem like the boring bit, innovation coming up with the bright new idea is the exciting bit and that's often the way we think about it. But actually I think that's wrong. I think the really interesting and difficult stuff is often turning a bright idea into something practical and affordable and useful. And most of the great inventors were actually innovators  commercial activity, online retail and things like that. It's not the invention of the possibility of that, but it's the work of someone like Jeff Bezos making a huge number of mistakes, but in the end, making getting a huge number of things right as well, who is in the end, the great innovator. Amazon is not an invention, but it is an extraordinarily useful innovation that we all use.  and we talked about politics earlier, where there's kind of this belief that you can have a tops down plan society and that will somehow lead to progress. But actually, I think you make the argument of the opposite. So maybe kind of explain that a little bit as to how that bottoms up approach has led to innovation over the course of history. Yeah, I mean, this is a very important point. Innovation is an evolutionary phenomenon. It emerges from the interactions of ordinary people.  of bottom-up way solutions to the problem and it's very incremental, it's very social, it's very evolutionary. So I'm trying to get away from the focus on brilliant individuals who plan the result, even when you can say this is the person who did it. Quite often there's an element of serendipity, that is to say the person set out to do something and ended up doing something completely different. So the ability to change your mind is  probably one of the most useful inventions of my lifetime. I use them pretty well every day. I've certainly used it today to look up something. And we can't imagine the internet without them. So go back to the 1980s and say, look, we're about to develop this thing called the internet. Search is gonna be the key thing. And that's how people are gonna make money out of it. And that's how people are gonna navigate it, et cetera, et cetera. Did people say that? No.  clever people impose on the world. And this is part of one of my really big bugbears, which I explored in my book, The Evolution of Everything, which is that we're much too creationist, much too top down in the way we think about the world. We think that the president runs the country. We think that God tells you whether to be moral or not. We just don't think of these things as emerging. The famous example, which Frederick Bastiat used to use, was how do you feed a city? How do you make sure there's enough  right, who's been involved in various capacities and a number of innovative things, some of which he was the founder, right, or kind of the equivalent of the inventor, and then some of which, like a Tesla, where somebody else actually came up with the idea he stepped in, yes, he has the title of founder, but really he helped kind of commercialize and scale the technology. What I'm interested in for somebody like that is you can do it once and kind of back into something, you know, get lucky,  and they show an ability to learn from their experience that is absolutely vital. I mean, someone like Thomas Edison did this again and again and again. He set up an innovation factory, the job of which was to produce innovations. And he made lots of people work for him and work very hard. And he told them to do lots of trial and error experiments and he got results.  of failure, ability to learn from their mistakes. Elon Musk has certainly made mistakes. His solar companies got into trouble, et cetera. It's not the jury's still out on Tesla. I mean, it's hugely dependent on government grants and things like that. And I say in my book that I think his ideas of the Hyperloop are probably extremely impractical. So, it's not the case that everything they do is brilliant.  So in a sense, I'm trying to demystify these godlike figures. Now I do it by telling stories in my book. I tell a lot of stories about how innovations came to be. And I often focus on the key individual who was involved, but I'm not trying to make them into the author of it. I'm trying to make them into the subject of it almost, the person to whom this phenomenon happened. And I'm also trying to put them in the social context.  is more just trial and error and go try to solve problems and it'll come to you as you kind of put those hours in. Well, I don't really know the answer to that question because I'm not in the business of training people in anything and probably would be very bad at it if I was. And I'm not much of an innovator myself, unless you call a book an innovation. But I think one thing that it might be worth passing on is the growth of something called free innovation.  parents to monitor the sugar status of their diabetic kids in school. And essentially it's about the real time data being uploaded to a network where parents can keep an eye on it. And this was entirely built by two or three parents, one of whom did one part of it, one of whom did another part of it, third added a third layer and so on and changed the name.  but surfboards and feeds these back to the manufacturers. So I think it's, and by the way, there's, obviously patents can get in the way of this kind of thing, but shouldn't, because actually the law is if you do this and you change something and it's your own creation, then you can't be stopped from doing it. So it's quite important, I think, to think about the fact that you, in the way you adjust  How do you see innovation kind of changing if that lack of optimism ends up being warranted? So if we head towards a less democratic world, do you think that there is a negative impact on innovation or are those two things hopefully insulated from each other over this short period of time? Well, authoritarian regimes generally have a poor track record in producing innovations. This is true of, if you think about Nazi Germany,  doesn't give the innovator, the entrepreneur the freedom to try new things. And so the Ming emperors kill the goose that's been laying golden eggs for the Chinese economy, which developed in a much more fragmented time under the Song emperors by imposing truly draconian rules on what a merchant must do and how often he must report back to the center and whether he's allowed to leave his own village and all this kind of thing.  taking strides into the future, not just catching up with the West in the present. And the answer to that, I think, is because for most of the last few decades, China has been a surprisingly free place for entrepreneurs and innovators, so long as they're not trying to do anything in the way of democratic innovation, like start a new political party, for example. So in other words, as long as you don't annoy the Communist Party, you can set up a business to do something  and eggs. And I guess part of that is if in China they have this kind of communist authoritarian political regime, but they do have, let's call it lack of regulation when it comes to innovation, technology, and building companies, you could actually argue in the United States to some degree, we have a free democratic political regime, but actually a pretty high degree of regulation. And so we do  to which they are stifling innovation, partly with regulation and bureaucracy, as you say, partly also with intellectual property and things like that, and partly with corporate lobbying against, for subsidies and for regulations, against insurgent innovators. This is becoming an increasing problem. It always has been there as a problem, but I think it's getting worse and worse. And in my view, the real problem that regulators bring is delay.  are so uncertain and take so long to get. I mean, I detail an extraordinary case of a blight resistant potato developed by a German company with genetic modification who applied for a permit. It got approved by the scientific committee then turned down by the European commission, et cetera, et cetera, went to the courts, et cetera, et cetera. After eight years of this,  of it does come from government bureaucracies. Some of it also comes from pressure groups from the likes of Friends of the Earth and Greenpeace, who are well known to be opposed to many kinds of innovation. So there's an unholy trinity of big companies not wanting competitors in their space, big governments not wanting to give permissions for things, and big pressure groups  we get to a pandemic and we find that we don't have point of care, portable, instant DNA tests for viruses, something we could have invented 10 years ago, frankly. And they're not there because we've over-regulated it and driven them out. So in the physical world, that's very hard to kind of get around because there's actually physical items. In the software world though, much easier to kind of do this  Right. So we've seen that with things like Bitcoin where it's a decentralized system. There's no leader to call into in front of Congress or call and arrest or do things like that. And so one of the frameworks I've been very interested in is Facebook came out and said, hey, look, we're going to do a digital currency. And immediately Congress freaked out in the United States and called in a bunch of executives and pretty much took them to task and said, no, you're not going to do this. And why would you do this and all of that?  of physical items and things like that are much harder. But in software specifically, maybe that is kind of the way that people and innovators can fight back a little bit to continue to post the pace. I think that's a really interesting idea and I think it's a very important concept. And I think blockchain generally enables us to move the next phase of innovation from California or China or wherever things are not being looked after right in terms of regulations into the cloud,  And I think the jealousy of states with respect to currencies is as nothing to the way the lawyers are gonna react when we say we're gonna have a completely different legal system that is not tethered to any territory but is in the sky and it's done through blockchain. The monopolies don't like you doing end runs around them and they fight like tigers to re-impose their monopolies.  innovation was Amara's law, which I mentioned in the book, which is this guy called Roy Amara, who was a computer scientist and futurologist in California in the 1960s. And he said, we underestimate the impact of a new technology in the long run, but we overestimate it in the short run. And this feels to me spot on, you know, when the internet is just starting, we start to have wild ideas about e-commerce replacing  you know, all the blockchain ideas, all the crypto ideas, they kind of came to nothing. 10 years after that, we might be having a different conversation saying actually it worked. Yeah. And to me, it's very interesting when, you know, there's the decentralization kind of from an ownership model. So if you and I want to build something that maybe regulatory is not possible, they just don't know who to call in to get in trouble, right? Or who to shut down, if you will.  When you start to do this in other areas of innovation in company building, right? Is there a world that you see where actually people say, look, I'm not going to incorporate in England or in Delaware. I'm going to create this thing that exists basically in the ether, right? It's just a software business and it operates outside of the existing legal frameworks. You know, like you said, governments are going to fight that, but kind of how does that work?  sense very much like that. And to some extent, this has always been true. The knowledge of how to run the world has existed in a cloud, not sort of down here on Earth. And I do think that we will head more and more in that direction. And I sort of hope we do, because I think that there are really exciting possibilities there about getting people in different nations. And why should you be tied to  you know, Charles V tried it, Napoleon tried it, Augustus tried it, Hitler tried it, and they never pulled it off for very long. And it's got islands offshore which can act as aircraft carriers for your enemy, Britain being the best example of that. So it's very hard to unify Europe. It remains fragmented politically. There's another attempt going on at the moment to unify it under one kind of rules called the European Union. That has resulted in a rebellion  find a regime that was congenial for him to develop printing. So that's a sort of down to earth example of the kind of thing that I think we can create virtually with the help of technologies like crypto and so on. And as you say, to decentralize these things, to move away from the myth that there's a headquarters and there's one person in charge. One parallel with this, I think, is the idea  It's basically a collective of self-employed people, as it were. It can be done. So I think if I don't sound too much like a sort of piece of love hippie in saying so, I think there's a future there. Yeah. And I guess as part of that, when you start to decentralize the corporation, you start to decentralize the processes, ultimately what you really are doing is you're almost taking the governor off of  And to me, it sounds like kind of that's your whole argument here, right? It doesn't have to be just freedom from a political sense. It's actually the freedom to experiment, the freedom to be in it. That's what leads to innovation. And it's so important, I think, to always switch your focus to the consumer, not the producer, because that's the person who's really in charge. The decision as to whether or not a technology is a good technology is taken by consumers. It's not taken by producers or governments.  quite right, but they used so much less electricity that we would like you, the government, to ban our competition so that people have to buy our light bulbs. That's essentially what happened. And all around the world, the governments did this at the behest of corporate lobbying, and they basically banned incandescent light bulbs and forced us all to go out and buy compact fluorescent bulbs.