 All right, guys, bang bang. Super excited to have Alex here. Thanks for doing this, man. Thank you for having me, Pomp. I'm excited to be on. I've listened to a bunch of your interviews and they're terrific and glad to be in the hot seat. For sure. Well, the big news, obviously, is you recently left your job and have struck out on your own to go build a dominant one-man media company for now. So we'll get to that in a second.  And I took a marketing job and I went in house as a media buyer at New York City's economic development corporation and came in and they were doing a lot of print advertising. And I was like, we can reach the same readers for less money on the internet and we can target them better. And we don't only have to buy on publications, we can buy on Google AdWords, we can use Facebook and we could use LinkedIn. And they said, really? And I said, oh yeah, this is all possible.  And at a certain point, I was like, I'm done hearing him talk about it. I want to go do it. And I was like, just get me to a tech company, any tech company. And so I signed on as a lead development representative at an ad tech company, uh, that sold order management software to publishers. It's about the most boring type of tech company you could possibly be at. Maybe like a neck of blood. And I was like, I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this.  I chose the second path, went to advertising age, started writing about ad tech as a journalist. It was my first full-time staff job. And then, you know, change you've been a part of, right? I saw all the money moving from independent ad tech out to Silicon Valley. And all of a sudden it wasn't like the two moguls and the yumis that were the power players in the industry. It was Facebook and Google and Twitter and Snapchat. And I said I could stay in New York and, you know, write obituaries or I can move to Silicon Valley.  on top of it, maybe talk a little bit about some of the stories that you wrote about and the process that goes into really how you built your reputation covering those large technology companies. Right. So I showed up here. I showed up here in San Francisco in May 2015. So almost exactly five years ago. And I had been this ad trade reporter. And so I said, let me make it a point to try to cover everything I possibly can, sink my teeth into these companies in every direction.  in the beginning and just cover whatever I could. And then I started zeroing in on the things that I thought were interesting. And so to me, like the idea was to stop covering the symptoms as much as to cover the physiology, look at the product decisions, look at the culture of these companies and by deeply understanding and conveying the repercussions and the results that these systems produce, people could better understand exactly what's going on inside the company. So instead of, for instance, saying,  these products spit out the type of communication that they do. And then B, the thing that motivated the book was it was kind of astonishing to me that as these companies got bigger, they actually grew stronger. You were used to companies getting big and getting bureaucratic and starting to batten down the houches and protect an asset and milk that asset until there's nothing left and then they become Xerox. But these companies are doing something very differently.  happening to be able to write in depth a full length book. You did that for multiple companies, right? And so there's this element of almost it's a more difficult challenge when you're trying to cover so many different businesses. So what are some of those takeaways that that you had from writing the book? Yeah, and I think this is the first book that Amazon, Facebook, Google and Microsoft have all participated in together. So those are typical, typically rivals and  to be successful. And the more I dug into it, the more I saw there were some real parallels in the way these companies operate. One of the things that they all do is that they have this view of work. And you might have seen this, you know, in your various steps, but they view work as you're either going to be spending your time creating something new, or you're going to be spending your time supporting something that exists. And what they've done is minimize the time people spent supporting what exists  decision maker with incredible speed. So at Facebook you probably saw if you have an idea you could bring it right to Zuck or maybe somebody who's going to tell Zuck about it. And it's a cool company. You tell your boss when you have an idea and then your boss laughs at you and then maybe they'll bring it to their boss and their boss will laugh and they'll bring it to their boss. And if anybody along the chain says no your idea is gone and a startup across the street who is now operating with the lowest startup costs in history who is now operating with the fastest time to create a company.  somebody who would have brought it to Zuck and the response was not a, I like that idea, I don't like that idea. It was something to the effect of like, well, if you're an engineer, like why don't you prototype it? Or if you're not an engineer, like why don't you go try to find somebody who will prototype it with you? And then let's talk about does this work, does it not? Once something's actually built, right? Kind of this idea of like code wins arguments. And to your point, like it's just all about speed, right? This and the speed really leads to that innovation, which is pretty interesting.  stories and I have an idea of how stories came to be. You know, again, this is part of the feedback culture. People telling him that you need to do this or else your products are going to die. And I knew that he was using Snapchat and he alluded to like, you know, watching stories and I was like, so you did it on Snapchat? And he goes, well, and Instagram, I was like, but you use Snapchat. And he goes, yeah, but I use all of our competitors products. And then he said, he said, he was, when Facebook  dinner with her the next night. So anyway, it's kind of one of those stories where I'm like, okay, I'm sitting here next to Zuckerberg and he's telling me he's using dating apps to meet his wife's friends. That's interesting. Yeah, I mean, and look, I think part of that is like, it's funny, right? And, and, you know, one of those are great stories, but two is, it also shows the level of maybe obsession  Right. And just the ability to kind of go up and down. And one time somebody said to me, who'd been in the company a long time, they said, look, you got to remember that Mark has more context than anybody else who works here. He's been working on it longer than everybody. So he has the story behind every single one of these products. He's seen them all get developed and all this. And if you kind of go across all the major tech companies, that is one thing that remains constant is most of them are still run by their founders or the founders are still in some sort of influential position, which I'm assuming that you kind of saw as one of those  and simplify. And the idea is, you know, you invent and then you build systems to make sure you're not spending too much time supporting that existing product. But they say explicitly, you know, we don't have this dedication to building, to using stuff only invented here. If something was invented elsewhere, we'll use it. And we're going with best of breed. You contrast that with Microsoft. When Steve Ballmer was running Microsoft, you couldn't bring Apple product into the campus. You know, Steve Ballmer once pretended to throw an iPhone.  and look and protect your asset and think that that's the only thing that matters in the world and that all your competitors don't have a chance in the world, that arrogance ends up leading to bad business outcomes. For sure. And since you are the go-to expert on these big tech companies, what's your assessment of kind of their role in the world right now? Obviously, there's everything from the coronavirus to the economic crisis to now we've got kind of social unrest in the United States and in this debate.  Facebook's impact in the US, we have to talk about Fox News and MSNBC and CNN. We talk about Twitter's impact in the world. We also have to talk about the way the president uses it, not just the product. But they're all self-reinforcing systems. I mean, we know they're definitely changing the way people in society see information. I mean, the anti-vax movement is a good example, right? I mean, I don't think this is surprising, which is sad, but the anti-vax groups on Facebook are growing.  to play in the way that information gets to people. Now, when I was, I was coming from the ad world, I was mostly interested in what publications they were going to support. But it turns out that they, you know, they've, you know, not surprisingly, played a role everywhere. And like, my only thought on this is they got to slow it down a little bit. Like they're too fast. And the share button and the retweet button just enable like, quick, unthinking dissemination of bad information. And if those buttons even had like,  I think they've now extended that to other government accounts that are tweeting similar things or the same things. They've also gone and done to other politicians. Facebook instead has taken the position that for the most part, they're going to be a kind of free open platform. They don't want to make decisions on labeling things and not labeling them. They're obviously under heat for that. Kind of walk me through a little bit like your understanding based on Zuck and Jack's point.  going on inside your platforms that are making them turn into what some people have really accurately referred to as anger video games. And where like the points are retweets and the points are shares and the points are reach. And why is the most incendiary content from the most fringe actors being amplified this way on these platforms? I mean, they've created status games. So people who have mainstream status are not actually going in and playing in them.  and they don't want us to be successful. But of course, that's not the case. They've just been successful by nature of the fact that they've rode the systems themselves and become pretty popular on the platforms and in the world because of it. So I'd like to see that fixed. And I'd like to see more discussion about that because until we really get into that discussion, we're kind of talking about window dressing. Now, as far as the labels go,  Jack has been more willing to act than Mark. And so this sort of ends up following that type of pattern. But I know this is sort of unsatisfying, but I think that neither of them are in the right until they start to examine the fundamentals of what their platforms are doing and start to fix them. Yeah, and it's really interesting because I do think that most people are focused on this idea of like, are the platforms becoming publishers?  a post and everyone starts writing congratulations in the comments, it explodes, right? Because obviously if everyone's writing congratulations, it must be this like super engaging awesome thing for this person. And everyone then gets this dopamine hit and it's like this self-fulfilling, you know, cycle. But that's kind of an editorial decision as well, right? Like what goes behind the algorithm? Exactly. That's exactly it. Like they are, they've been editors. They are editors. They will be editors. And whether they put a label on a tweet or send you to a fact  the calls, right? And, and they definitely don't, uh, yeah, they don't say, Hey, I'm trying to call Alex, but because we're going to talk politics, like I'm not going to connect the call, right? Or I'm going to cut you short at five minutes rather than give you 30 minutes because we're going to talk about something in the conversation. So it's not quite an apples to apples comparison, but what is the solution, right? And so when you talk about like examining the actual, um, kind of belly of the beast, like they, let's say that they say, okay, you know what, we have this problem. We're going to go ahead and be very introspective.  three things on the share button. One is if you remove share and retweet completely. Two is if you put a 10 or 15 second timer, you know, on that retweet. So you have to wait 15 seconds after you've seen it before you can hit it. And three is if you have to click the link before, before you can hit that button. And we know research shows if you don't hesitate, you're much more likely to share fake and sensationalized news. And I would say probably outrage as well.  some negative effects, right? Because we might not be able to tell someone who's pretty influential from about so it will put their, you know, opinion down. You're kind of on the same plane, which has been an issue. So I'm not sure this is an issue, but I'd like to actually see what it looks like. And then maybe you could just do tears, right? Because think about it, Twitter counts up every single follower that you have, you can see it. And and you know, anybody on Twitter knows that that's freaking addicting and hard not to check. What if  I mean, it's pretty good for engagement. It keeps people checking these things more than they should. But if we're thinking about the way that society is impacted by these platforms, these are some of the fixes I'd like to see. Yeah, and I guess one of the things, and I'm kind of thinking out loud here, but really, if you think about following people without the follower accounts, email lists have basically done that, right? So like, hey, I subscribed to an email list. A lot of times I don't know how many subscribers they have. I may have a good sense of it's big,  incentives teach us to. And again, like, you know, it's not like this is the first time society is fraying like we had a Holocaust before Twitter and Facebook. So I don't think they're the cause of all evil. But I do think that the public discourse that we have is important. And it does lead to, you know, a lot of outcomes in real life. And so if we can find ways to improve it, versus say, Oh, this is just the way it is, it's just going to be better for all of us. And we can maybe  how many people are now connected and all that stuff. Now there's bad things that came with it. I think they would be the first ones to admit that there's challenges and they've got to try to solve them. But I think that these are really important conversations and really what we're asking every large tech company to do is do the impossible, right? Give us all the benefits without any of the downsides. But some of the downsides are definitely worth focusing on and addressing in the short term. What's going on with Google and Amazon and some of the non-social media large tech companies?  then it really became a browser extension on Internet Explorer. I don't know if many people remember, but the primary way that people used to access Google was through Google toolbar, which is an extension you would install onto Internet Explorer, and it would show up in the browser's Chrome. Chrome is everything that's not part of the browsing window. And you would type your searches in and it would show up in the browser. Actually, more than 60% of Google search went through toolbar at a certain time. So Google was an extension.  I remember seeing ads for Chrome and being like, why is Google building a browser? Why is the search engine so intent on the browser? But Chrome saved the company. And without building its own successful browser where you can type your searches in the address bar, you know, we might be binging today. Like that might be the verb. And so that's obviously, Chrome worked out really well for them. So Google safe. But then we moved from desktop to mobile. All of a sudden, they need to reinvent again. And they do that.  the Google Assistant, Sundar brings the whole company together and said, he puts this big slide up in front of the company and it's all Google's products. And there's like this squiggly line and it points to Assistant and said, the number one thing that we're doing in this company is turning what we have into one cohesive Assistant, the Google Assistant. And I think that like, this is gonna be Google's future is whether it can make that Assistant overtake the echo  which has very few units sold as Apple's HomePod. So Apple is totally letting this revolution slip by it. In terms of Amazon, Amazon's like this invention factory. Its culture, I talked a little bit about working on ideas versus working on execution. And its culture has baked in like incredible technology that allow its employees to focus on invention. And that's why Amazon's been able to go  is a way that Amazon used machine learning to automate a good amount of tasks in its retail organization. So it's retail employees, we're on the phone with brands like Tide and saying, we need this many detergent units and this many fulfillment centers at this time for this price. And Amazon looked at itself and was like, we got two decades worth of retail purchase data. Why are we having people do this? We can just have software. And then slowly but surely over the last few years, they've worked to automate  He goes and spends like a year and a half under Bezos taking meetings that he, that Bezos was taking as his technical advisor. By the time he's done pricing and promotions is totally automated. So we can't go back to this division. So he gets together with a bunch of people from Amazon's retail organization that are feeling displaced to need to do something new. And they say, why don't we use technology to solve the most annoying part of shopping in real life, which is checkout. And that is the team that developed Amazon go, which you can just walk in and  I think that company is you know, really good shape from a business standpoint. The only caveat I'll make with Amazon is the company needs more empathy. You can tell by the way that they've engaged in this coronavirus moment that they've fired their whistleblowers. They've tried to run a nasty PR campaign targeting somebody in their fulfillment center that spoke up saying he was inarticulate and they wanted to make him the face of you know, worker resistance.  Yeah, that's a fantastic overview. It's fascinating how the use of technology across these companies, this idea of not spending time supporting things that have been built and just constantly innovating, constantly inventing, you know, it's kind of that layer of commonality across all of them. In terms of also inventing or building something, you recently made the jump to leave your job and go it alone.  in the middle of a pandemic, which is, you know, if I write a second book, I'll make sure to not release in a pandemic because it adds an element of challenge to the whole system that that isn't great. And I basically kind of looked at my what's going to happen to me in my life over the next handful of years and said, you know, I could stay here and stay in the staff job, hopefully, and try to write out what's going on in this pandemic and keep reporting on these companies  you know, totally, you know, you've been early and ahead of this for a long time is that I think we're seeing a movement of reporters, people with perspective, you know, people with something to say, to do it without a filter, to do it with as a direct relationship with readers and listeners. And, you know, I've been writing about this for a while and seeing it take place.  starting this new newsletter called Big Technology on Substech. And it's not entirely new, like I've been writing a newsletter for BuzzFeed called the Tech Giant Update. But again, trying to do that in between stories, now I'm gonna make the newsletter my main focus. And I'm sure, like, you know, you've done this, right? You know, you know when you send a newsletter and you have people that reply and then you can start having a conversation with them. That's so rewarding, so much more rewarding than putting it on a website. So I'm really looking forward to that back and forth interaction.  a partnership with a media company. I've had a couple of good conversations so far where like we would do like a sort of an audience for revenue, yeah, audience for content trade and then a revenue split. Essentially saying, you know, I think I have a pretty good idea of how to make this content. You know, you have an established audience, you know, I want to start big. And so the idea would be to do this partnership. You know, they help drive listeners and I'll, you know, go out there and make sure to make great audio.  the best ways to deliver content, right? You have that relationship directly with the reader. Recently, I've had two separate people say, yes, but don't forget that Google of all companies could put you in the promotions tab, right? And there can be a little bit of filtering there as well. And so how have you just thought about, you know, there's the content creation, but then there's the delivery. And so it sounds like you're pursuing still written and audio. So kind of two different channels there.  something that I found really amazing about email is just that like, when you go and inbox is a pretty sacred space for people. People get mad if they see a bad email. Yeah, they're okay if they see a bad tweet. So even if it's in the promotions tab. So there's a lot of trust coming in. And you have to, I think from my perspective, when I'm gonna send an email, I'll make sure that it's gonna be worth somebody opening it if they do decide to make that click.  If you ask me, would you rather send an email or send a tweet? An email is much, much better way to do it. I mean, I'll do both. But I just think the two way communication on emails is so great. And there's something else is nice about it. I don't know if you found this with sending your email, but the privacy is cool. Where people feel that comfortable to share thoughts they wouldn't share like as a reply on Twitter, you know, like a reply on Twitter, you know, typically you'll get  and raise full time. So to be able to combine that is something I'm stoked for. Yeah, I could definitely vouch for the idea that the feedback is much, much more thoughtful via email. Sometimes literally people write back like paragraphs and paragraphs and I'm like, wow, you really care, right? Like, like you really were listening and thoughtful about this. So definitely agree there. How do you think that this affects, right? Like going from working on a large publication where when you reach out to sources  cover some of this stuff.  on the phone and sometimes sources are just like, okay, but BuzzFeed, or they were like, I'll speak to anyone. That's what I love. Oh, okay, you're for the BuzzFeed, I'll speak to anyone. Which was literally what happened to me. People were like, oh, I thought this was for ad age. Now people would much rather speak to BuzzFeed than ad age, I think. And so yeah, we had to work hard and we had to punch hard and we couldn't go into it with an ego or a narrative.  going out on your own, right, for journalists that I've seen do this, is, hey, look, I gotta write the stories that I wanna write, right? And it's not to say that they couldn't always do that, but there's definitely editors and kind of other things at play when you're writing stories. And so that's an attractive component to it. But what you lose is those editors, you lose some of the support staff, you lose some of the resources. So kind of how have you thought about the pros and cons of those large organizations, right?  and it was a way for me to sort of make mistakes in real time. Now, like I feel like I have an idea, you know, of what I'm doing, and I feel confident that I'll be able to find the stories that are going to cut through. And like, you know, with my newsletter beforehand, I think that watching the type of stuff that I would write and how it would resonate with people was like a good chance for me to sort of give this a shot, experiment a little bit, and see if it could be something more broad  and  You know, didn't you know wouldn't have as many of and you know My approach to this is to admit that that's gonna happen to ask my readers to trust me To admit when I mess up because I will and to learn and grow from it Yeah, I look you already know this but I'd be remiss if I didn't tell you the whole key is the persistence of just doing it in a very disciplined manner, right? Hey, I'm gonna write every Monday write every Monday and make the mistakes and stuff, but I think I've been writing  Now you do have that trust of the reader, right? They're subscribing to hear from you. You think that that leads to more opinionated pieces? Do you want to write more opinion? Like, talk a little bit about how you kind of balance the opinion component, given that now it's less, hey, I'm just reading this on BuzzFeed and maybe I don't know or I haven't paid attention to who the writer is. To now, no, I'm specifically getting this because I've chosen to get content.  readers and who does that? Yeah, what type of good does that do? I'm not into it. So yeah, I think the readers of this newsletter will hear what I think for real. There might be surprise, like I talked about narratives, like oftentimes coverage goes in narratives, people say, what's the big story? And then they all try to advance. And I'm just kind of skeptical of that a lot of the time. People will not hear after reading a story in the New York Times,