 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Andrew here with me. Super excited to do this. So thanks so much for doing it. Yeah, thanks so much for having me. Alright, let's start with with your background. You've covered it in a number of other podcasts. Maybe just give us kind of the two minutes for those that don't know you or Tiny and I'm kind of what you did in the past and what Tiny is. Yeah, so I'm kind of a  to my surprise, I ended up landing a whole bunch of work. And so that ended up growing like crazy. I got a network in Silicon Valley. I started working with companies and ended up working with companies like Slack and Coinbase and Shopify and all sorts of amazing businesses early on. And because I was based in Canada, you know, I had pretty good margins and usually agencies don't. And so suddenly I'd look at my bank account and I'd see cash piling up and I didn't really know what to do with it. And so  in their theme store and app store and ended up building, I think the largest or one of the largest partner businesses in that ecosystem. And so it just kept starting more and more businesses, all sorts of dumb stuff that failed that we don't need to talk about. But by about 2013, I owned about five businesses. They were all profitable and cash flowing and growing, but I hadn't really scaled out my executive team. I was still running all of them as CEO and it was a nightmare.  And to me, like stocks for these boring, weird things in the newspaper with charts and wasn't really something I was that interested in. But I picked up a book about Warren Buffett. And when I read about Buffett, I was like, holy crap, this is mind blowing. You know, he's the fourth wealthiest man in the world. And yet he and he owns like 70 companies. And yet he just sits on his butt reading all day and doesn't have a calendar. And I thought, wow, if he can do it, I'm sure I can do it. And I'm like, oh, I'm going to do it.  in their culture and take the thing that they had built and probably mess with it. And so we would do these super quick, simple deals and promise to hold the business for long-term, keep the culture intact and not mess with it. And because I was a founder and I had been through conversations of private equity, we knew all the things we could do to make it more interesting. And so I've been doing that for about seven years now. We're up to about 25 businesses. And it's pretty cool. I mean, I get to wake up every day  Obviously, there's a lot of people who look at what you've built and they're one fascinated by it, but two, they want to understand kind of the operational details. And what I mean by that is I really look at it as two components. One is how you spend your time every day and you alluded to some of that, but we can go deeper on that in a second. The second thing is when you go in and you buy these companies, how much integration is happening with kind of the family of companies you already own? And then what does that kind of first 90 days post  Typically, it's a founder who wants to sell and usually, not always, but usually the founder wants to transition out. And so what we typically do is for a month or two beforehand, we're kind of identifying the opportunities, we're learning the business and how it works and stuff. And then we're identifying a new leader to come in and transition in as CEO. And so that's the big thing, but the commitment is that the culture of the business doesn't change. We're not gonna radically change anything day to day for the employees.  integration, any kind of group conversation, every business, if it was to separate from tiny tomorrow would be able to operate fully. So they have their own accounting team, their own CFO, if they're big enough, um, all their own, you know, hiring and stuff. We don't synergize at all. And that's a learning from Berkshire. Um, it's, you know, the decentralized model works really well for them because CEO's want to work for them and they're not slamming these businesses together unnecessarily. I think if you look at like,  And so I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question.  Yeah, that's awesome. And then you mentioned that a lot of times when you buy these companies, the founders are looking to go do something else. Either they've just been at it a long time or they have other interests. How do you think about identifying and recruiting new leadership talent, right? So the actual CEOs are going to come in and kind of replace those founders. Obviously, a lot of companies, the culture is set by the founder, the vision is set by the founder. And so that would be, in many ways,  for. Like I always say, if you're going to build a deck in your backyard, you're going to hire a red silk carpenter. You're not going to hire some kid from down the street. And so we are really looking for people who have already done it and they've done it bigger. So if we're buying a business that has 30 million of revenue, I'm actually looking for the person who's run a $60 million business and scaled it. In terms of the risk, you know, I think hiring a new CEO is brain surgery, right? And you don't want to do it too many times. Otherwise, you know, the patient will not do well.  he probably could have pulled a bunch of levers and grown it a bunch, but we would have ruined the culture. And so when we recruited for that business, we recruited this guy, Zach Ganesco, who'd run Creative Market, which is a very similar business for the big design community. And we're very cautious about making sure that we're aligned on the goals and the high level and that he understood the culture and that we could protect the things that made the business special, but then remove some of the restraints that would allow it to grow more quickly and give them extra resources.  there's really three buckets. There's mental health, right? As a challenge of just, you know, people suffer from burnout or something like that. And then there's skillset. So putting the wrong person into the wrong seat. And then, um, you know, the third is just bad people, right? People who are dishonest or are, you know, sociopathic or whatever. And we've been really, really lucky. I mean, we've hired probably 15 plus senior leaders and GMs and all that kind of stuff.  leadership role where they had to be strategic and creative and it just wasn't the right fit and we had to make a change there. And then, you know, we've had a few situations where people get a little burnt out and they need to take time off or transition out or whatever. But we've been very lucky for the most part. So for you personally, you obviously have the benefit of the curse of spending your time as you see fit. And for people who have done that before, they know that it's really rewarding, but also you can waste a bunch of time and not be super productive as well.  And I'm incredibly impatient. Like if I come up with a business idea, I want action on it within 24 hours. I'm buying a domain. I'm designing a site. I'm pulling together a team, but after about 15 to 20 days, I'm onto the next thing. And so I used to beat myself up when I was running companies. I was a horrible CEO in many ways because I started an initiative and then I'd lose focus and I'd move onto the next thing. And so what I've realized about myself is instead of whipping myself and trying to become a CEO that I'm not, I'm much better  So I need to have that incredible group of CEOs and executors to help me achieve those things. Yeah. And I saw, um, speaking of kind of the problems and that velocity of action, if you will, um, I saw you tweeting one time about, uh, the furniture business that you guys started, right? You had a friend who basically created some pretty cool furniture and it sounds like you guys had a, uh, a meeting or some sort of meal together and you say, Hey, you should do this at scale. And it was like within weeks there was a business started and out and selling.  last seven years since I started buying businesses, I realized that I'm a lot better at buying something that's already good and making it even better versus starting something from zero and then having to scale it up. I get frustrated. I want to get, I want to skip ahead to year five or whatever. And so I really have tried my best to not start any new businesses. And this year I started a couple mostly kind of by accident, right? So the, the 10, the one you're thinking of was a furniture business. I was playing tennis with this guy who was a  the other business that I started this year was a podcasting business called Supercast. And that was one where we were helping a podcaster friend build some software to help him monetize his podcast. And we ended up kind of building this software and going, Hey, more people should use this. And this is a huge opportunity. So we ended up raising money for it. But again, like it's not my goal to start businesses. I want to be buying businesses. Yeah. And it feels like, uh, if we were talking about doing this 10 or 15 years ago,  high pace. I love seeing stuff happen quickly. And so I used to get really frustrated. I'm originally a designer. I would design something in Photoshop and I'd hand it off to a front end developer to do it in HTML or start building a web app or whatever. And I get so frustrated because it would always take a day or two to do it. And I didn't know enough. I didn't know JavaScript. I couldn't get in there and tweak it and stuff. And so when I started using Webflow about four or five years ago, I was like, holy crap, this is amazing. I don't have to worry about hosting  you could build a complex form or something like that where you're piecing together all these different services and basically making a web app without coding, I think is very powerful because you can test an idea, you can come up with an idea for an MVP and you can see if you can get revenue and validate the idea before you go out and raise money and hire a whole bunch of people and go through that. And so it shortens the cycle to get to product market fit and to get to  of your restaurant, you don't need a web developer, I think the same thing is going to happen with web apps and pretty soon mobile apps. And I'm super excited about that from just the idea of testing MVPs. What I'm really interested in is the idea of, you know, right now it's not worth anyone owning a business that requires developers and coding that does say a hundred or $200,000 a year simply because there's no way to employ  of venture capitalists and private equity folks who would look and say, you know, what is the moat and the, uh, I only invest in infrastructure businesses and they kind of have this cookie cutter, um, approach to, uh, to what they'll invest in or buy with you. You actually appear to be willing to go kind of the full stacks, everything from marketplaces like the dribbles of the world, et cetera, all the way to a furniture business, which is really just an e-commerce store, right? And you're selling, uh, any widget through that, but it happens to be a really nicely done, uh, piece of furniture.  that would be outside their wheelhouse, something like No Code Empowers that to be done quickly though. Is that fair to say? Yeah, I mean, I think No Code Empowers both venture businesses and normal, you know, just run of the mill sustainability, simple $200,000 a year lifestyle businesses. What is interesting is there's a company we invested in called Flightographer, which is a global network of travel photographers. So the idea is, let's say you're in Italy and Venice and you want to remember that trip forever.  you and you know, you want to book and what city are you in and all this kind of stuff. And she actually got to hundreds of thousands or maybe even millions of dollars of revenue off of the Squarespace site before then going out raising money and hiring a bunch of people. And what it enabled her to do was validate the idea, but also she could delay raising money. And by delaying raising money, she increased her potential valuation for her first raise. So she owns way more of the business than she would have if she'd gone out, raised an  We're seeing many, many people who previously may have raised venture capital, not raise money now, right? And kind of go further earlier in the days. Some of them then eventually raised capital, but two specifically that I'm interested in, and I know that one of them you've written about is the Kylie Jenner's and the Joe Rogan's of the world, right? People who end up building these tens of millions, hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue, never raised a dollar, right? And actually have pretty small teams. And it's all because either one, they didn't know that that was a thing that you do,  I think the problem is that there's so much venture money out there now. Then there's this kind of story perpetuated by a lot of, um, I mean, you, you look at like how I built this or some of these shows, it almost always starts with, you know, Oh, I went out and I raised money from a venture capitalist. Maybe not everyone. There's lots of great stories of people who didn't, but typically the story is either I couldn't get venture capital and I tried or, you know, I did. And that's how I got started. And the problem with venture capital is that,  people got very lucky or were very, very, very talented and, you know, were able to pull it off. But the big thing about venture is that it has a 95% failure rate. And so when you sign up for venture, what you're doing is you're putting a gun to your head, right? And you know, it makes perfect sense based on the venture incentives. They're making many, many bets. They're making 20 bets, hoping that one turns into a billion dollar business. But suddenly you're signing up for that. You're saying I'm going to take a dollar and I'm going to turn it into  grown to a good sustainable scale, but they've been overfunded. And you can see that. I mean, if you look at all these businesses funded by soft bank, half of them are going bankrupt now. I mean, zoom pizza, it's insane. They got $200 million or something. And somehow, you know, now they're laying people off and it didn't work. And I do, I always wonder like if they just kept working and slowly evolving that over time with some, you know, a lesser amount of money, what would have happened there? Um, so I always think like,  and then you're going to have to pay for the money. So that's a good thing. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. So that's a good thing. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. So that's a good thing. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. So that's a good thing. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. So that's a good thing. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. So that's a good thing. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. So that's a good thing. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money. And then you're going to have to pay for the money.  which I think is realistic for a reasonable business on the internet, you can become worth hundreds of millions of dollars in a very conservative, boring way. And so I think if you look at Buffett's example of the snowball where he slowly is compounding his capital, it's very different from trying to go out and do something massive and take crazy risk and be that one gazelle. So you've obviously spent a lot of time thinking about subscription podcast and you've  And so when someone like Spotify comes along, they're like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this. And I'm like, Oh, I'm going to do this.  private FM radio listenership of, I think it was like five, 10, 15 million people every day tuned into Listen to Howard. And when he went to Sirius, they fully gated him. So they said, pay us 19 bucks a month and you can listen to Howard Stern. Otherwise you can't. And in doing so, that drove massive revenue. We kind of did some napkin math. We estimate probably between 300 and $400 million a year of Sirius revenue as just people who want to listen to Howard Stern.  that Stern should leave Sirius. He should start a podcast and he should basically have the podcast cut off after 30 minutes, similar to what Sam Harris does or 10 minutes, or maybe it's only for subscribers. Um, and he should rebuild his audience there via subscription and charge the same amount Sirius was charging, except he gets a hundred percent of it. And if you look at his business, he needs a microphone, he needs an internet connection, maybe he needs a talent booker and, uh, you know, maybe an assistant or something.  own deal. He could just say, now you got to pay to listen to me. Let's do that. That doesn't seem like his vibe. So what I'm basically estimating is if he simply just said one episode a week or the last 20 minutes of every episode is subscriber only, there's still going to be ads. And if you subscribe, uh, you get an ad free stream. So the ads editor edited out and you get the extra 20 minutes at the end of every episode or one extra episode a week or something. Um, and maybe some kind of exclusive  advanced technology. It doesn't require crazy business management. It doesn't require a big team. He could easily do that tomorrow. And yet he ended up opting to go to Spotify. And while I don't know the exact terms of his deal from what's been reported in the wall street journal and stuff, it's somewhere in the range of 50 to a hundred million dollars. And it's unclear of exactly how it's structured, whether that's an annual thing or whatever. Now everybody's saying, well, he just licensed it. So he just gave them three years exclusive.  he wants in that feed and it goes directly to the subscribers. He's now given that to Spotify and Spotify is in the middle of that. And what it means is that over the next three years, if his audience doubles, when he leaves Spotify, he loses all those new subscribers. And yeah, maybe they'll go find him once he leaves, but he loses that direct relationship. And so to me, you never want to lose your direct relationship with your customer when you're an influencer to me, it's like, imagine if Kylie Jenner or  And he didn't know how to drill it and he wasn't even aware of it. And so my argument is that should just do it himself, but it's too late for that. Yeah. And I think part of this, like Howard Stern, I actually went deep after I read your piece and went back and it's hard to remember Howard Stern signed that original, you know, a hundred million dollars a year for five year deal in 2004. And so I said, you know, what's he been getting paid since then? And he basically signed a 12 year deal. And the other data point I found is they estimate that he made about $90 million last year. So there's a good chance that he made about $90 million.  very similar to an actor, right? Hey, you select me, I participate in your movie, you pay me a fee and I move on. And that's basically what they were doing with advertisers. But now we're seeing across platforms, whether it's TikTok stars, YouTube podcasters, whatever, they're building real businesses, right? And they're looking at this as I need diversified revenue streams and they understand that the value is in that audience. And so Kylie's probably the best example where she built a billion dollar business off the back of having that audience.  And I think that people will realize that not only is it better to have subscriber support because you get more buy-in, people are more loyal. And you don't really owe anyone anything. You can talk about any brand. You can say anything you want. There's no advertisers to pull their advertising. As long as your audience likes you, they'll keep paying you, but that it's recurring and it's higher margin because you're not going through ad sales or anything like that. And I think for a lot of podcasters, they're anxious.  And if you think about it, there's already all these models already exist in plain sight, right? You look at Ben Thompson at Stratecory has been writing a subscription newsletter that's pay only with a few pieces of content previewed for free publicly since 2014. I think I don't know anything. I think he's making millions of dollars doing that. And now it wasn't until 2019 that sub stack popped up and all these writers started going, Hey, I can go direct consumer. I don't need to go work for New York times. I can write my own newsletter.  I think there's people that are doing it very successfully. And we've helped people with Supercast and with our podcast agency, Double Up, we've helped all sorts of people find the oil underneath their plot of land. I can't name names, but there's multiple people who are like influencers with huge audiences and they were making so little money off it because they're not business people, right? And so we were able to help them build a sustainable business. And that's such a cool thing for us.  Like that's not rocket science that the challenge is just how do you actually do that? And part of what I think you guys have built with the paid podcast platform is the technology previously wasn't there, right? Because part of what I think Sam Harris and others had to do is they had to build one with these like custom platforms that again going back to there's no no code for it, right? You actually had to get a developer and there was just a very big heavy lift. And so now that there's the reduction in friction, I'm assuming that we will see many more people  And then on the other feed, the public feed, you might tease it. Hey, we did an AMA today. Here's the first 15 minutes. If you want to listen to the whole thing, subscribe. And I'm just going crazy. Like I feel like I'm in the upside down and stranger things. And I'm just like screaming at all these people saying like, you're rich, like go and do this. It's so much better. And it appears that people are catching on, right? But you know, you look at, there's been stuff like Tim Ferriss came out and did an experiment with his and  can we go out and do deals with podcasters where we say, look, we'll give you, if the audience is big enough, we'll give you millions of dollars and we'll do a revenue share on whatever your revenue is or something like that. Um, so I think everyone's going to catch on over the next couple of years though. We just need, we need a Joe Rogan or someone like that to do this. Yeah. It's funny how, uh, once you hear that, oh, it worked for somebody that everyone wants to do it. Right. And, and, uh, uh, I think Ben Thompson is a great example on the newsletter side, uh, but it also works against  I'm not really big into note taking. Like I've always been, I use Apple notes. I'll write down, you know, a simple to do list or something like that. Um, but I'm a big to do list person. So I've been using the getting things done framework and OmniFocus and nerding out on that for years and years and years. But note taking was always this thing that I kind of went like, why do people do this? Right? They're writing all their ideas down and then they're like, oh, I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this.  So like any other app, you would go in and you'd write a daily note or, you know, whatever you're thinking about, but you can tag or link different ideas together. So an example is, um, you know, I look at my sleep and I'll write out here. Here's how I slept last night. I've been going through a period where I just haven't been sleeping well and I'm trying to figure out what it is. And so I'll write like a little sleep journal. And as I do it, I might say, I should try intermittent fasting.  that's super valuable, but it is interesting. And I think that there's an opportunity for them to make this into something that's way more extensible with an API where I can just dump my brain in every morning and have it kind of put stuff out to Twitter, send an email, do other stuff. Yeah. At this point, it's more of a curiosity. It's something that's interesting. Yeah. And part of, I think my interest in this type of stuff is, uh, if you think of your brain as a computer, right, we just run into limitations.  If you weren't writing this stuff down in something like Rome, are you the type of person who would normally say, hey, you know what? I've actually slept pretty good this week. Uh, and I kind of tested, intermittent fasting. I think that that's what, what solved it. Or did you feel kind of blind, uh, to a lot of this and that's where the interest in journaling came from? Yeah, I think it's living in a fog, right? Where you kind of forget, I mean, you, you, you could ask like, how was your weekend? And I'd be like, Oh, I don't really know how I, how I felt or how have my weekends been lately?  And so I found this with gang things done, like I use it loosely, but there's people where it's like every single thing in their life. Like if there's a gang, I'm like, oh, I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it  that you were gonna come on. I had a lot of questions around kind of getting started. And a lot of things it seemed like people asking questions around how much money is needed to get started and things that I look at is almost like planning to go into this. It sounds like you were much more kind of backing into it, but any thoughts around if you were gonna restart Tiny and this type of business today, kind of what those foundational components would be to really put yourself  And because you raise venture, there's even more risk, right? I always think that the whole point of entrepreneurship is freedom at its core, right? People want to be able to get up in their day and work on something they're passionate about with people they like, and they don't want people to tell them what to do. That's it. That's what it is for me at least. And so, um, if you think about it, like you really want to tick off your Maslow's hierarchy of needs before anything else. So I want to be able to pay my rent, live a comfortable life, drive a car, go out for dinner,  I use an example, there's a guy I know who found like a, it's a table, a specific table, like a furniture table that's kind of classic, and it's been ripped off and replicated a whole bunch. And so he went out, he bought all the replicas.