 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Shervin here. I'm super excited to have this conversation. So thanks so much for doing it. Of course. Let's start with your background. You were not born in the United States. And you've got a pretty cool story about how you came to the US and eventually got into the technology and business world. So have you just kind of start back from Iran and how you get to the US? Absolutely. So I,  hard experience. He, I found out years later, we were just talking about our dads and they're just, they're the greatest generation that they're so humble about what they've done and they don't really talk about it. But my dad worked for the Shaw and he was head of radio intelligent for part of the country. And so he actually made some brave decisions, put foreign language broadcasts for embassies, for people to know how to get out of the country.  a friend of his from his hometown on the Caspian Sea who was from a poor family, but a religious family. The guy came and had holes in his shoes and asked him for a job, for help. And my dad gave him a job with him. And then a couple of years later, somebody fired the guy without telling my dad. And my dad found out, reinstated him and said, don't touch this guy. He's my guy. And that guy,  to get out of there before he was gonna be killed. So, I mean, life became very real and dramatic, you know, quickly. We didn't see him for two years and then we were on a rock board, started, and then me and my mom and brother's sister got out and that had in Washington DC and started over. We came with nothing. So it's really like an American dream story. I mean, we're so grateful  and they create a lot of jobs and have a huge economic impact. So now that's how we started and they just, my parents really focus on education. And so I just went from English for speakers of other languages. I didn't know any English and then to gifted and talented then to a magnet school where I was lucky to, you know, get access to things like next computers. And my dad worked overnight shifts  And I think that you said in previous interviews that your father started off as a cab driver. Yeah, right. And there's this element of humility that goes along with I have to start over or at least rebuild a life. And I always laugh and kind of tell friends Americans discount that. But Americans don't realize there's very few Americans who would do the opposite, right? Leave America, go somewhere else and kind of be able to start over again. They don't kind of have some of that humility.  if you go back thousands of years, Native Americans came here. They migrated here as well. And so, the American story is an immigrant story from the beginning. It's a story of immigrants and it's a story of bravery and courage. And wherever you look at the first Americans to settle or you look at later generations  bonds the American identity. Everyone still has that. Everyone, whether your family came here 200 years ago, right, or five years ago, that is part of the the ethic of what it means to be an American. So I think that that's really what unites us more than divides us. And that's why I think entrepreneurship, and I wrote about this years ago, I was in  advanced 3D graphics engine and game on the iPhone. And when I was out there, I wrote about entrepreneurship and I realized at the time as I met this young developer that the American story had become global, that entrepreneurship had become global, that Silicon Valley wasn't a physical place anymore. It was a mentality. It was an idea and had gone viral.  by that momentum if we didn't keep up. And that's where entrepreneurs like Travis or Elon and others who are builders, as Mark Andreessen rightly talked about, it's time to build. This is a time for builders. This is a call to arms for builders. We can re-architect, rebuild everything, whether it's our currencies, our financial systems, our health care,  SpaceX is going to launch the first astronauts on their rockets. And that is a momentous achievement. This is a private company that is now building the bridge for us to become an interplanetary species, which is Elon's goal. And that's the ultimate in terms of building, right?  in private, et cetera, maybe help us understand a little bit as you've actually spent time with him, like what are your takeaways and kind of how do you evaluate both him as a person, but also to kind of those ambitions across SpaceX, Tesla, and then maybe we can get into some of the Hyperloop stuff after that. Yeah. Well, my experience has been, you know, incredibly meaningful. We've had some experiences like traveling together  I was like, well, we're thinking about going to Cuba. And there was an American who was in prison for eight years there. And we were like, you know, maybe we can help with that. And so we're basically doing hostage negotiations, as Elon likes to tell it. And, you know, we coordinated coordinated in terms of what we were, what our goals were and said, you know, and also the idea of like, you know, bringing helping to bring Internet to  we, you know, now with Castro's son, like, you know, with artists. And one of the things we said was like, look, you know, you've got to release this American. There's nothing to talk about if you don't. And within a year they released them and then Obama opened up Cuba and Rolling Stones came in for free concert to half a million people. I mean, effective change, right?  was like, you know, he's got five boys, SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity, you know, he's super busy and he didn't have time to do it and he wanted to open source it anyway. So I said, you know, do you mind if I try to, you know, create a company around it? And he was like, no, go ahead. And my idea was I didn't want to just do people transport. I wanted to revolutionize the idea of logistics, cargo and commerce.  reason why you couldn't do people and cargo. So that was that was a business model and I started to to work on it. And one of the things you know to Elon is one he's an absolute genius to he is incredibly loyal. I mean he's a family person. He loves his family. He loves his friend you know close friends and he  something to the advancement of our world. And, you know, there's nothing better than waking up in the morning and realizing all these years of work that you're sending to human beings in the space on a private rocket, like, come on. How cool is that? Look, if you see the kind of hype video, if you will, that NASA and SpaceX released today, I mean, you watch this thing and you're like, again, I tweeted a  starting to see, I think where people say, wait, they actually may pull this off, right? But it's 20 years in the making. Yeah. I mean, I, all everyone is praying for the safe journey of the astronauts. That's incredibly important, obviously, to their to their families and to the movement of humanity expanding beyond, you know, our planet. And  running. And he like put his arms around, you know, supported me to walk to a bench and then ran and got water because I was dehydrated, obviously. And we sat down, we talked and I asked him about, you know, when do you think humans will go on your rocket? And he was so thoughtful. His number one concern was the safety of the astronauts. That's all he was concerned about. He was projecting like 2023, I think, and he beat that.  wanting to put a man on the moon within the decade. And they did it. And they did it with computers with the power of a calculator today. And it's an incredible achievement. But we should also understand that it wasn't just an engineering achievement. It was a financial achievement and decision. I think the numbers I saw once, I wrote about this once about the actual  a private company hasn't done it. Our government, our people did it, but companies have that skill as well. And it's another area where I talk about companies becoming almost like sovereigns, right? I call them mini sovereigns. And Tim Cook of Apple has the power, and Apple has the power and financial power of a nation state, Amazon and Bezos.  to Tesla, to SolarCity and so on. So like you said, I wouldn't bet against that. Yeah. Another founder that you spent a bunch of time with, who I think has very similar qualities is obviously Travis and Uber. Maybe tell the story of when did you first meet Travis and kind of when did you become aware of Uber as a company and start looking at it? Yeah, I got, I became aware of Uber super early when I was  Chase, Uber and a number of other companies that I thought were going to be massive companies like Airbnb and others. And Travis was notoriously hard to get in touch with. He wasn't gonna answer some VCs email, right? So I had to, and he said this, he said this before. He was like, I had to respond to Shervin because  So he did, you know, he finally responded. And I had told another friend of mine who was an investor in Uber that, you know, and on the board, I was like, look, if they ever raise money, let me know or decide to take, you know, raise money. And so he did me a favor in the day of that board meeting. He called me and he said, hey, you know, we're going to raise a new round. And this is when Uber was  I was hustling, was doing everything I can to win. And I got beat by another firm that I respect a lot, but Travis didn't, he called me and he was like, hey homie, that's exactly what he did. He was like, I really like you. I wanted to go with you, but I have to go to this other firm. And I took it real cool. I was like, I totally understand. Cause as an entrepreneur, I get it. Sometimes you have to make that call. And so,  call my cell phone and it was Travis. And luckily the signal was there. I picked up and he was like, Hey, you know, you remember what you told me? I was like, yeah. He's like, is that still on? It was like, absolutely. He was like, can you meet me in Dublin? There was this founders conference. So I got on the next plane, landed, hit the streets of Dublin, had a pint with them in a Irish pub. And as we were walking kind of the cobblestone streets at night, he told me,  or a marketplace that could also expand into many other areas like transportation, food, and so on. And so that night we agreed on a valuation of 290 million and people thought we were crazy. And me and my firm were crazy for giving that valuation, but I went as, I printed it out at the business center in the hotel, went to, knocked at his door,  Grit, like real grit, incredible willpower, just constantly thinking and working. And they're both incredible recruiters. Absolutely. I mean, some of the best recruiters I've ever seen. Travis spends a lot of time recruiting. And you look at what he did with Uber,  And so when you get that phone call, you go to Dublin, how much negotiating is there versus Travis, tell me what you want. And we're in because we believe in you specifically. And, you know, we have this kind of deep seated belief that you're going to build a successful company and the terms today don't matter as much. Like, is it something where you guys are literally sitting down and it's every single term is getting negotiated? Or is it more of, you know, what I call it the Warren Buffett deal where he says, Hey, look, basically, I know if I'm going to do, you know,  if you give your word, keep it. And I'm a person of my word. Like if I give my word, I follow through. And that's why also a key part of why we became so close because we knew like when you're dealing with someone where there's no artifice, right? Elon is exactly the same way. There is no tricks. They don't need to. Tricks are for people who are  open to being convinced that we were wrong and then move on. And I saw that in him, like he might disagree with you violently, you know, or I might disagree violently, but then, you know, after hashing through all the logic, one of us would come out the other side agreeing with the other if we weren't agreeing in the first place. So I think that's, you know, that's part of it. So I think we got lucky  Is he negotiating against me with somebody else, you know, or with the same firm using my offer to like, you know, get a better deal. And but, you know, that whole thing about keeping your word, you know, luckily he came back and before he came back, I remember increasing the offer. I was like, two ninety five because I got nervous. And he was like, no, I mean, that's that's cool. We'll stick to two ninety nine.  But the most common aspect of those three companies is Elon, right? When you look at Travis with Uber, cloud kitchens, Travis. And so how much of these investments and the building of the companies is dependent just on who's driving the company versus picking the right markets or, you know, actually building the right products. Like you've invested in so many companies at this point, you know, there's the argument that some people are founder investors, some are market and some are product.  those things, probably not a good investment. And she looks up at me and she's like, well, I love great America. And it was true. She would go there every weekend. We'd always go for Hollywood Halloween haunts and and and I was like, okay, so you love great America. Like here's what you have to do. You have to go there and interview and do what's called diligence. Interview the employees. Get it, you know, get get insights. And she did that. She came back. She was like, dad, all the employees  That is exactly how I invest. Those are the four quadrants. And if I have any kind of qualitative or quantitative reason not to believe in one of those things, I'm not gonna do the investment. And for whatever reason, that's been working. I'm up about 73x since 2011, which is amazing. First of all, I never thought I was gonna be a venture capitalist investor.  If you're good at both, I think you can go into Pantheon of great investors in terms of track record. And also in terms of just reputation amongst founders. I think what you said about Elon and Travis is absolutely right. Like you look for great founders, right? That are building industries. Like one of the things I say is like build industries, don't just build companies.  investors on your board, on your capital, and it is a nightmare. We've lived through things like that and it can be an absolute nightmare. And so, you know, if you look at like Elon's story, like there were venture capitalists that when he needed the money in December and that 60 Minutes interview where he, you know, had tears talking about that moment where he thought that his companies were going to die.  you know, at the last minute. And Elon like had to rescue the company and I don't think he ever forgot that, right? I don't think he, and he never wanted to be in that position again where his company could get killed. I think Travis is, has gone through similar types of journeys and you know, he's working on his company. I don't think there is a VC on that company.  If you bring someone that schemes against the company for whatever reason, it can kill a company. It can destroy billions of dollars of value and also hold back progress for humanity, especially with these types of founders. So it's an interesting branch of investing in entrepreneurship, which is there aren't that many of these types of founders, right?  40 years. The, you know, people say disruption, but that doesn't really cover what's happening. The speed at which these innovations are coming are getting exponentially faster. Look at, you know, blockchain and Bitcoin and what's happening. These are, to me, systemic bets, long-term systemic bets on the future of humanity. And when you back so much  of a planet, of a new world, of a new civilization. So if you think that big and you think intergenerationally, if you think beyond your own life in terms of your investments, whether you're investing for your family, institution, yourself, and so on, you have to think long-term. And it strikes me that once you see one or two of these work,  close to some of these founders who will go down as the best founders of our lifetime, right? It's kind of where this is headed. And these companies end up being industry defining companies. How has that changed the types of companies that you invest in since you've been close to those people in those companies? That's a great question. As you were saying, asking a question, I was thinking about it almost as 100% that  And this is like going from like nothing to like, whoa, I just sold a company and I got $4 million. Wow. And I had never felt what fuck you money was until that moment. I couldn't understand it. There's no way you understand until you have it. I swear it is a liberation of the soul. Right. And  I called my dad and I was like, dad, this is what it feels like. I didn't know what that felt like. Right. And guess what? I put every dollar that I made into Uber. Right. So that was like that was the right thing to do because, you know, that's another 400 X on top. Right. Like so that was the right bet. But it but I was willing to kind of risk it all, put all the chips on one thing. And it could have gone really badly.  exactly what you're talking about is that if you become attuned to the possibility of a massive bet that you believe in and you're passionate about, that's when you're willing to forget your fear. It gives you kind of antibodies, right? Makes you immune to that fear. And if you're willing to take a big systemic, you know, bet, it could turn out great.  with the venture capital side where everything's illiquid and it doesn't track kind of a stock price. So kind of what was that, you know, for you, like, do you remember what you were doing? And then two, mentally you talk about kind of the unshackling, right? And you almost, it seems like can enter into a different mindset of what can I actually invest in? What do I want to spend my time doing? Maybe talk a little bit about going from nothing to 4 million is kind of, it seems like one level, then going from 4 million  my measure of billions is not what I'm acquiring, but how I'm contributing to the cycle of giving, right? And helping to fund these incredible institutions and nonprofits, pension funds that are the livelihood of humanity, that put bread on the table of people's  switch the unshackling, right, of your mind and the opening up to the possibility that you can do not just the 10 X, but a hundred X, right. And in some cases, thousands of X in terms of impact. And one of my good friends, Peter Diamandis, one of the things he talks about is, you know, the true billionaires is about having an impact on a billion people.  from a policy perspective, you know, and now we're going through similar types of things with other platforms. But we have to get ahead of those things. You have to have managed those products so that you continue to have positive impact at scale. How do you think about that balance for a platform? So take Facebook, right? I worked there in 2014 and 15 and there was always this balance, I think, even internally.  you almost have to accept that there's some negative impact, but it's a net positive. And so we should, you know, kind of continue to encourage these, or do you see it as, Hey, we should work tirelessly to eliminate any negative impact and only focus on promoting the positive aspect. Like, how do you mentally break that down? Well, I think part of it is when you're generating tens of billions of dollars of profit off a platform like that, um, you become trapped,  elections, it can lead to genocides and violence and all these things. And it's unfortunate because in the beginning, the reason why I went to Egypt and Libya in the middle of those revolutions is I was inspired by people like Hemingway who went to the Spanish Civil War and actually he fought. I didn't fight, I went to observe and learn and it was still scary, right? But back then I was like,  So I was an optimist about it. And I think the reason why Chamath and me and others have been persuaded that it's having an overwhelmingly negative impact is that something happened in between at that kind of scale where the moral compass became blurred.  a healthier ecosystem within which to continue to scale. Yeah. And then on these platforms, we've seen a complete rise of what I'll call kind of a new generation of creators, right? And you've tweeted quite a bit about this, what I'll just call the creator class, right? And so a number of tweets that you've had, I just love where you're like, look, you know, Joe Rogan's a billionaire, Kylie's a billionaire.