 All right guys, bang bang. Super excited to have this conversation with Joe here. So thanks so much for coming on and doing this. It's a pleasure Anthony. Great to be here. Yeah. Let's just get started with your background. Obviously you guys are working on some very cutting edge medical and technology related products, but what did you do beforehand to really get started down this path? Well, my background,  anything, but I kind of saw it. And then when it came down to choosing my college course, what I would study, I actually wanted to get out of that. I thought like medicine, I've seen that enough for 19 years of my life. I like it. It's cool, but I don't know what else to learn here. And so I basically decided let's become an economist. I was very interested in business and also economics. And so that led me down a kind of more of a business path went into  And that was in 2014 and I really got sucked into that. I was at that time working on a kind of quantitative venture capital framework with a slight focus also on life sciences on the investment side. But that project kind of really triggered my interest because the deeper I dug into that question, how can you profile DNA, not fragments but whole genomes and kind of DNA from isolated potential tumor cells  very important math statistics question in genomics. And that triggered basically the foundation of the creation of quarantine because I realized, well, if you can solve that problem and no one has solved it, we can detect cancer at early stages in the blood. Because then we had the tools to basically identify specific locations on the genome necessary to detect cancer comprehensively in the blood. And so that's the whole thing.  important to see what cancer detection and cancer is today. It's an enormous problem. 600,000 people die every single year in the United States alone of cancer. 1.6 million get diagnosed with cancer. Each of us has a 40% lifetime chance of getting cancer. That's pretty severe. And the 10, over 10% chance of dying of cancer. So it's probably one of the largest risks each of us has. And early detection of cancer is a huge game  a deal that goes on years and years of chemotherapy and very bad outcomes. So you wanted to detect it early. Now, genomics is something that was not used or is still not really used in cancer detection. It is something where we do hereditary testing more and more, which means we look at your healthy genome, right? So all your cells have a genome, a DNA, and that is kind of the building blocks of life, proteins, and the proteins are encoded in the DNA. So the DNA is being read out.  that we can tell you if you have, for example, BRCA1 variants, specifically once in as a woman, your chance of breast cancer is much, much higher that you get that over a lifetime because something in your cell and metabolism is less likely to protect you. And how do we find those variances? Right. So like we know that now if you have that variance, you have a higher probability of getting breast cancer for a woman, for example. But how are those discovered? You mean how we scientifically  like TP53 and it's being changed, then it's a loss of function effect, for example, then the protein stops working. And if that protein is designed to kill a cell, if it becomes a tumor cell, right? Like a guard that is in the cell waiting for something to go wrong and that guard becomes disabled, then we know, okay, that will probably lead to cancer. There are lots of other examples, like there are tons of things that you can do. That's one way of figuring it out.  We don't know exactly what it does. But you're in that new bucket and we see that people in that bucket have a hundred, 300, a thousand percent more chance of developing a disease. So you should be cautious and be on the watch now. Got it. And really what this gets at is something I find fascinating personally, which is just we really don't understand the human body that well, right? We understand a lot, but it is such a complex machine that we're still learning things every single day.  raping the surface if you're lucky. But in biology, it's especially extreme, I think, when you are in that field. Like every single time you go below the surface and you say, oh, this causes cancer or something. And then you dig deeper into the protein and the protein change. The number of proteins we actually understand what they do in cancer is probably maximum a handful, probably more one or three like K-res or, you know,  that's kind of artificially created by humans, we have a much better understanding of. If you build a computer or a rocket, you have a pretty comprehensive understanding because you build it. Everything that's naturally occurring, you have just no clue. Like when you look at the body view, if you're lucky, you know, like 0.01% of what's actually going on. And it's very clear, you know, the deeper you dig, they're just vast areas of unknowns. Yeah. And so would it be fair to say that in a lot of the work you  in the technologies that we have? Absolutely. And I think there is a huge paradigm shift going on in medicine right now, very slowly going on. So that's why we created a company to accelerate that. But the paradigm shift is the medicine of the past and the current medicine, the way of doing medicine is very static, right? You go to med school, you learn a bunch of things and you think you know something, which is a big mistake. And I think the new paradigm in medicine that serenity  for blood tests, PSA for example, for prostate specific antigen, you get one number and it says, oh, seven. And then say, oh, it's above the threshold. I might have a problem, maybe not. When we run a test on you, especially the somatic mutation test for cancer detection, which we didn't get into yet, that's a different thing. We're not looking at your healthy genome. We get six billion data points. So we get six billion individual nuclei  And it's operated on a different medical paradigm. And the medical paradigm is more data is always better and more intelligence. And maybe you as someone who's in tech and business, you think like, why is that like a thing? Like, isn't that obvious? I would cause more data. But in medicine, you know, the majority of physicians would say, no, that's not true. More data is always often bad because more data means I may have to make more data. And I think that's a good thing.  Like, no, that's a young patient, don't do their tests. Because if it comes back positive, I have to do all these things and that would be wrong to do because it's a young patient. And then you would argue, but if you know it's wrong to do, why do you do it? It's like, well, because it's standard procedure and I don't want to get into trouble. So let's just not measure anything. It's absolutely wild how the healthcare system works. It is wild and it's especially wild because you meet so many dedicated people who are high IQ, super trained and knowledgeable.  And so let's talk a little bit about deep genomic sequencing, right? Because I think that's a term that, at least genomic sequencing, people have heard before, everything from high level, just like what that is, all the way to they get to things around genomic editing and kind of all the scary stuff in most people's minds. So maybe you can just start off with just like, what is deep genomic sequencing? And then we can start to talk about like, once that's done, all of the different applications of that information.  So what does it mean? It means if you have a DNA strand and you have a specific location, you want to take 10 DNAs and look at specifically that location. And then you build an average and say it's a TTTT GAT, right? So on the same location across 10 of these. And then you say, well, an average is a T. So you have a T, right? So it accounts for some sequencing errors. So you do have a T.  technology that can do the following. If you have a blood sample and you have, let's say, 2000 copies of DNA in that blood sample, of cell-free DNA, so 2000 copies that stem from 2000 different cells in your body that died and shed their DNA into the blood. Our technology can make sure with a very high level of confidence that we can investigate every single copy. So instead of picking 30 randomly out,  It is something where the body cell that you have is mutated, has changed. Very different from a hereditary variant. So it might be that if you have blue eyes or green eyes or something, you have a G where other people have a T on that location, but all your cells have that. That's why it's you. We asked what we are doing. We want to identify of all the DNA, cell-free DNA in a sample, is there a single copy that stems from a single tumor cell?  at the blood of an individual, would it be fair to say that you're grabbing the DNA cells out of that blood? And when you're looking, if you're only using a sample, so let's say 10 or 30 or 50 or whatever the number is, you could actually miss one of the mutated cells because it doesn't end up being in your random sample. So by actually sequencing all of them, you're not only one becoming more accurate, but two, it sounds like this  DNA into your blood. If you take 20 milliliters of your blood, that's roughly 0.4% of your blood. So it's not non-trivial. It's nearly half a percent of your entire blood if you take two big foods. And so you can ask the question if you have, let's say, to be conservative, a million of these tumor cells die every single day and shed their DNA into the blood. Of course, it gets digested, so you have to divide it by 24 hours and then see how much is actually  in there if it's at that concentration. So you have to make sure that you look at everything in that tube. And that is something even five years ago that sounded like complete science fiction. We five years ago already anticipated where sequencing will be now, so we knew it's definitely possible. So we started developing everything so we can do it now. But 10 years ago, I think 95% of scientists would have said that's complete science fiction. That's like a warp rock.  or this like you need some quantum leap inside advances in chemistry or in strategy how you sequence. So it was just completely not possible 10 years ago. But then people found some cool things out about how you can actually back hold DNA so to reduce errors in sequencing. That's one important thing that you needed an invention that we couldn't have made like someone came up with it randomly and without that it's not possible. But it's also a quantitative infrastructure  I mean, if you have a PS8 test and it says seven, no, you need a byte, I think for that. So you need one byte and we have 200 gigabyte files. So just that Delta, you need multiple improvements on multiple fronts that are very massive. And so, I mean, even in 2015, when we did the math on that, the costs for one sample based on the sequencing technology back then would have been roughly a million dollars.  or two, can you tell me, hey, you've got a higher probability or you actually have cancer before any other test can identify it? Like, how do you put this into application now that you have the technology to do it? So very different from hereditary testing. It just tells you what your probability is of getting something over your lifetime. Somatic testing tells you if you currently have a tumor, which is of course vastly more actionable. So what it does is it creates very complex  So we see at that specific location, we have 0.1% carry a cancer associated mutation in your blood. At the next location, 0.56% carry something. So that gives you a two-dimensional pattern, right? A deep genomics two-dimensional pattern. And these patterns code for diseases. Of course, the question is for what diseases and how do they go for it? And that's the big statistics and research question. So what we did is we are running very large patient trials.  And we run that against all the other patterns like pancreatic cancer, early stage, late stage colorectal cancer, early stage, late stage, and so on. And control patients, patients that don't have cancer but are smokers, patients that are not smokers, not cancer but are obese. And so we basically run that against all these different cohorts and get a match back. And that match tells us, well, Anthony looks most like X and second most like Y.  And what's very important for us is you have to not just develop technology here, you have to think about medical practice, because you can't just give that to a patient and say, okay, good luck. You have to say, okay, what do we do now? And that creates all kinds of liabilities, regulatory issues, all kinds of things. So what we are building is a system that solves the entire equation for the patient. So we say, well, based on our own, we can't just give that to a patient and say, okay, good luck. You have to say, okay, what do we do now? And that creates all kinds of liabilities, regulatory issues, all kinds of things. So what we are building is a system that solves the entire equation for the patient. So we say, well, based on our own, we can't just give that to a patient and say, okay, good luck.  just collection of the raw material. So you have to actually get the blood or whatever it is. Then there's an actual scientific process that is identifying the cells and kind of having that precision technology or science that you talked about. And now what you're talking about is this third step, which is really just data analytics, right? It's very kind of high level. It's very large data sets, but it sounds like machine learning type problem where  And then you guys almost are going to build like a recommendation engine after that, that then says, you should go get this test or you should go do X, Y, or Z because of the machine learning has matched you to these other people. And that's where we know how to make that recommendation. Do I have that kind of right? Yeah, I think you got very close. There are two more steps that make this whole thing work after that. The next step is clinical algorithms. And that is something you cannot do through machine learning.  get to a consensus among experts, otherwise you're screwed. You need liability out of where you need to implement that. So it is a very different field than just science. The scientists can just say, well, I think this is the best solution because here's my statistics. In clinical reality, you have to say, but who are the people who agree with that? Because it's a much more holistic problem. And then the last step, so for us as clinical algorithms, that this whole thing needs to work with, which is very complex. That's one of the main reasons by smart tech guys  But not in medicine. So, well, we changed that fundamentally, but it gets insanely complicated. How do you convince an insurance bureaucrat that he likes that? And if you show that you save people, like, sorry to be so frank, but they don't care, that's not their job. You have to show them that they save money and you have to show them that you save money immediately or quickly over time. And then,  And then nail the tick and then you're getting somewhere. Yeah, it no it's absolutely nuts and I guess part of that clinical side When I hear the word clinical I think of all sorts of different tests that can be run with this genomic sequencing stuff Is this only being done on humans? Was it previously done on animals and then that's where the technology kind of was perfected and now it's being brought to the human side like like what is the relationship there in some of that testing  So it's very different, the actual sequencing and developing sequencing technologies, you're free to test this on humans because you're not putting anyone at risk, especially if there's no feedback of information. Once it gets into cancer screening, of course the game completely changes and that's the problem. That's what's holding the liquid biopsy industry back. So what we discussed is called liquid biopsy, because it's liquid and kind of a biopsy. And that's where we innovate.  Is that something where, let's say I'm testing for a variation that we believe could lead to a higher propensity for cancer, right? Can I use the advances and the accuracy that we've determined on that test in those machine learning algorithms to then apply to a different type of test? Like, is there some shared knowledge or shared analysis that can be moved from test to test? Or is each one of these tests,  If you want to figure out if a certain real estate offering is likely to increase in value over time, you could build a crazy machine learning thing around it, like how many people look at it, where it's listed, what the current price is, what the stock market does. You could feed all that information. And how does the stock market data relate to that real estate as opposed to other real estate listings around it? Well, no one knows. These are two different tests. You combine these test sets.  But each dataset adds a significant amount of insight and dimension to the problem. I think there are two major challenges in medical datasets. The first one is they are often very heterogeneous. So if you have a thousand or 10,000 patients, the probability that you have the same datasets for these 10,000 is like zero, unless you do a super clean clinical trial that costs you  And just cutting it down to the data dimensions that are comprehensive is kind of stupid because you're losing so much information. So you need much more fuzzy systems that allow you to recognize much more things. And you also need to embrace more man-machine hybrids where you have experts and analysts sitting in front of these things and use the machine learning more as a decision support system and have these mutual interactions. That's very important in medicine.  And in the end you have bad data sets because you missed out on the most important dimension. You see this with a bunch of our peers that just don't have the right data sets. How do you guys make money? What is the business model that you figured out that works? So we made a very bold step that some love and some hate. And we said, I'm an economist by trade, right? So I love to look into a system and understand why is this not working? And medical innovation is simply not working.  socialized medicine which we effectively have or bureaucratized medicine. Which means if I protect you alive, as with a new technology, the value I'm generating is your value because you value your life and your health and your family's health. But you are not the payer, right? Or at least not normally, we change that. So if I have to create value for people but get paid by other people,  They asked me if I give you that test now within three years, can you recoup the test? And of course I can't. It's not possible because you know, if you test 100 people, you detect two cancers for these two, you save a lot of money, maybe, but maybe if you wouldn't detect it, maybe they would have had symptoms only four years down the road. So they're off the table for insurance companies. So, you know, once we address only the payer's interest, the patient is out of the picture.  So what we did develop is like, can we develop something that is affordable for most people, but still provides margins for us that makes us a real business. And so we are like at a roughly $200 a month membership fee for once a year tests. It's 2,400 a year for that deep somatic test. It's an $800 one off fee for the hereditary testing, but that's a once in a life thing you do. Then we have an intelligence layer. Once we do your genetics testing,  over time, but not by raising a billion dollars and do it, you know, do it to a thousand patients study over 10 years. So it's a little controversial to just go for self-pairs, but I will be see two things. The market trend is on our side because a lot of patients understand that you have to do that if you want to get actually advanced medicine. And second, you know, we also see that it's the only way of doing it. Like as, as I said, as an economist,  insurance and so on. Don't think about the bottom line as a little delusional. And once you understand the logics of a, you know, they're all, it's not that they are bad people, but you know how it works. You have to report your quarterly profits. You have to show that you grow your business. Same with pharma. If your business is to sell chemotherapy drugs and you make $161 billion a year as an industry, are you really incentivized to cure cancer with like vitamin C?  this trial for a stage one trial, I mean, you can be guaranteed that no one is going to finance it because it says that that's an absurd proposition to us. Yeah, it's pretty crazy. The other thing around genome sequencing that I think a lot of people have heard of, but they probably don't understand, is when you get into all of the gene editing, right? So whether it's at the individual cell level or kind of this DNA editing, maybe talk a little bit about, it's kind of hard for me to see that world happening.  Hey, I want to change the color of my baby's eyes type stuff. Yeah. Well, I think that the extreme depths of potential knowledge and the lack thereof in biology sounds like a daunting problem, right? So, oh, we don't understand anything. How can be even edit? But I think this immense amount of depth and complexity and the lack of knowledge opens the door also to genius, right? You can be very genius by saying like, maybe we don't have to know all these things. Maybe we can hack it. Like, for example, if you know a mutation,  obnoxious these people, they are overhyping this, but it was just true. I mean, it is changing everything. And CRISPR is very similar because CRISPR allows you to, it's kind of crazy when you think about it, it allows you to, in a very targeted way, take any specific segment of the DNA and replace it with any desired fragment you want to put in there to the nucleotide. You have 3.3 billion nucleotides on your DNA, they can, to the single nucleotide, say, okay, at that specific location,  I even change all kinds of things. So that is extremely freaky. Of course, there's an enormous amount of things that can go wrong. You're probably gonna die if you wanna change your eye card because some stuff is gonna happen that no one was considering. So I wouldn't test it out at home. But in theory, it's only possible. And so we know a lot of things, but compared to what we should know, it's basically zero. But that doesn't mean you can't do  Where do people get, so like let's say I wanna take one of those nucleotides and I wanna replace it, right? So I've identified that that one is a bad one, whatever, for whatever reason. Where do I get the replacement? Is that something that I take from somewhere else in the body? Is that something that's like, quote unquote, lab grown? Where does that replacement one come from in that scenario? So here, and these are great questions because if you go into biotech and you will learn about these things, it's absolutely stunning.  these 24 nucleotide sequence that I want to inject here. You can literally go on the website. I'm not going to promote any specific companies, but you can Google that quickly. Copy, paste your TTACG things in there, take out your credit card, and they send it to you two weeks later. No way. In a little tube. No way. And then you have them. And they are clean. You have a few billion of these little sequences in there, and they're all lead sequence.  if you put that into a mix and do some stuff with it, heat it back up and down and put polymerase in it, this enzyme, then these primers will kneel, like they will align to the complement on the DNA and then start reading that out, like whatever comes after. So you can basically say, I want to read out whatever is on the DNA after that sequence. That's actually sequencing. So you say, okay, if you want to read out that specific part of the DNA, what you have to do is a primer  It's kind of very similar. Yeah, it's the same thing kind of, yeah. Yeah. Before we go to wrap up, you have been a Bitcoin proponent and have a pretty cool story about Chamath, who's obviously coming to the podcast. Maybe tell a little bit just about like how you discovered Bitcoin. I think it was just pretty interesting that... Yeah, you had some very cool people on the podcast. I'm a big fan of Chamath. I think he's, of course,  six years ago. And he gave this very passionate pitch about Bitcoin and how it's going to change everything. And he just totally convinced me to get into Bitcoin just with a little bit of money. So I bought a bunch of Bitcoins at $800 because it's how I do my investing. I analyze stuff, but I'm also really listening to entrepreneurs and smart investors where I  actually forgot the title of the book. It was in German. I'm from Germany. But that book, what was actually the title? I know the cover, it was black and had some weird orange shape on it. I read this when I was 10, 11 or something. And that book was basically taking you on a journey. I forgot you have these, you know, there are these famous guys in the US who do the similar thing. It takes you on the journey, on the evolutionary journey from the Big Bang to us today.  that was so logical, that was shocking how dead stuff turned into life. That basically if you have a bunch of molecules randomly assembled proteins in the soup, the beginning soup thing right in the sea, and you would just put energy and light on it. So they'd start changing. They mutate randomly, not as life, but as just dead matter as proteins like, oh yeah, there's a little light here and it changes like that. At some point randomly,  So viruses are not alive in case people didn't know it's not a life form. And so, you know, that was for me stunning because it was exactly that magic steps like, oh, there's dead stuff, stones, and there's life. When you look at humans and stones, but when you narrow it down to this one thing, what is actually the main trait of life? To understand, well, the only thing that it does, it replicates. And, you know, and that is purely, that's pure math, statistics, chemistry, it really happens.