 All right, guys, bang bang. Super excited to have Jeff here. Thanks for doing this, man. Paul, great to be on your show. Absolutely. Let's start with your background. Obviously, you've spent a bunch of time covering various industries, but kind of where'd you grow up and what'd you do before you got to Fortune? I grew up in Vancouver, Canada. I used to be a lawyer. My joke was I got tired of being unpopular, so I picked the only  open air with stacks of Benjamins. And I went to cover that and that kind of whetted my interest in it. Never since then I've been covering crypto on and off. You know, of course, like, you know, there's the peaks in the valleys, but I've watched the scene the whole time. And I am pleased I recently wrote a book about it called Kings of Crypto that tells the history of of Bitcoin and the crypto industry, but through the vehicle of Coinbase, just how they became players. And the big focus is on how Wall Street and Silicon Valley are coming together. Yeah.  I was working on a pharmaceutical patent trial. This went on for 10 days and it was just like ready to like, you know, shoot myself. It was just so dull. Same thing day in day out. And then with journalism, you get to talk to everyone. I've met everyone in crypto. You get to hear their stories. You get to write something new every day, which is a lot of fun and it feels real rewarding. Yeah, that's awesome. And so then how did you first hear about the Satoshi circle, right? Where people were doing this?  I bought a Bitcoin from Coinbase for like 70 bucks and I plan to expense it. And I'm happy to say I forgot to and it's one of those rare times that turned out well. I don't own any other crypto because I want to keep impartial as a journalist, but that was a bit of good fortune. Yeah. And then so when you got there, what was everyone doing if they weren't selling muffins and t-shirts? Were they just kind of sitting around and talking about Bitcoin or what was it? Yeah, they were. No, there was like Wall Street guys and $5,000  some point in like, you know, May or the summer. And there's just this corner of Union Square in New York that was every Monday, it was called Satoshi Square. I mean, I think similar things popped up elsewhere, but it was kind of cool to, you know, even if I was totally ignorant, it was kind of cool to take it in. Yeah, for sure. And then I guess as part of that, like Coinbase, I think if I remember correctly, 2013, 2014 was it came around. So really, it's almost like they were doing this out of necessity because there wasn't great US based infrastructure to go ahead and buy Bitcoin. Is that generally right?  obstacles to that, both technical ones, but also cultural. And to this day, I think a lot of the crypto community takes pride in how tech savvy they are. But the reality is most people just are not that good at that or that interested in it. So making it easy is what's critical. I think that's how they did what they did. And both then and now it's also got a lot of resentment from real, you know, what so-called real crypto people who, you know, people still taunt Coinbase, not your coins, not your keys. And I get it. But the reality is, you know, 90% of people  reason or another, they decided to play ball. This isn't like an authorized biography. A lot of people talk a lot of shit in the book about Coinbase and I relay it. I report what I found, but I was lucky to have access to Brian, to Fred, Olaf Carlson. We, real character, really knows this crypto. And it was really interesting. At a certain point, any big company is kind of the same, they're big and bureaucratic and so on, but startups are just the energy and the personality is really interesting.  like help us understand what's going on in the early days of Coinbase. Yeah, I guess what struck me is how hard these guys worked. I mean, I guess that's just the world of startups, but I mean, they were really like working 18 hours a day. It was Brian, you know, I mean, there's a bit of intrigue at the start because he was a Y Combinator company. And, you know, Sam Altman, you know, the founder of Y Combinator told me that their model is they want co-founders because building startups too much work on their own. But when at the outset, I mean, Wired reported this years ago, said,  He booted his co-founder with the complicity-wide combinator at the outset, built it up. But the reality is, he needed someone else. And a few months later, Fred Ersin was a Goldman Sachs trader who got disillusioned by how technologically stupid Goldman was, moved to the West Coast, and just met Brian on Reddit. And then the two of them just busted their ass building it. Olaf Carlson-Wee, who of course now runs Polychain, he was a freaking lumberjack.  Yeah, and I guess it's really interesting when you think through not only that small team, but but there's some irony in Brian Armstrong and Fred coming together giving friends background from Wall Street, which is that there's definitely a Ideological divide like you described where not only do you get inside of crypto but but crypto is an ideological divide from the traditional Wall Street, right? And so to see somebody cross over like that so early and go build infrastructure there Did Fred kind of give any insight into?  It's kind of like big athletic dudes who showed each other down in a pit. Whereas all the while, the guys who could build algos were coming in. But Fred was describing how the Goldman people disdained the computerized traders, treated them as CIT staff. And he just saw where the future was going in his words, but obviously he's turned out to be right. And so that led him to leave. And it's funny, so apparently his coworkers were like,  And I remember asking somebody about it and I don't want to say who it is, but they basically were like, yeah, people forget that at one point, Coinbase didn't really take off at first. And there was talk of potentially even like, should they shut it down? Because it actually wasn't working and then it kind of really took off. And so kind of how, when you were writing the book, like, how did you think about the various phases of the company and kind of that, you know, hard work overlaid with just a psychological toll it takes on a founder,  collapsed entirely again. I think that's where it nudged $1,000. In the early, early days, it went from $30 to $2, but in the next uptick, I think it was 2013, hit almost $1,000 and then the floor fell out. And yeah, talking there, they had their venture funding by then so they could write it out. But I do know in the first crypto winter in 2014, people confided me that they drew up a plan to can 40% of their staff because they always wanted to keep a two-year runway.  on do other really impressive things is Adam White. And I know that there's some stories about Adam in the books, maybe kind of share one or two of the really interesting things that Adam went through while working at Coinbase. Yeah, I mean, Adam White's one of the good guys in crypto. You know, he's just a really stand up dude. I think he has no enemies and worked really hard. Interesting story, too. I mean, he was a fighter, you know, he's in the fighter pilot in the in the Air Force. And so he served his country.  publisher is Harvard Business Review. So this sort of shows how far things come. But Adam, yeah, he was basically the sales guy. He buses asked to go and get people to sign up to take merchants. And his challenge was Fred Ersin told him, sign up like $10 billion companies. And he did, which is amazing. But unfortunately, as we learned, that never was Bitcoin's game. Because remember, there was this time where everyone thought, oh, and people are going to pay with Bitcoin. Merchants want Bitcoin.  And he goes to meet, he gets the meeting and he shows up on his own and the CEO of Cantro Fitzgerald comes with like 10 guys and Adam has no tie on. And his title was like general manager. And they start mocking him saying like, what's the general manager? You're gonna get my coffee? And he basically got laughed out of the room, you know? And I think that's less reflection of Adam than it is just the prejudice of Wall Street, not only against crypto, but against West Coast. And I think that's the best way to do it.  to see cash flow and all that fundamental analysis in Silicon Valley, it's very binary. Hey, we know that some high percentage of these companies are going out of business, but the ones that make it are gonna be incredibly valuable. And I see it in a day-to-day, right? I mean, literally you will see kind of the Silicon Valley mindset, but it's overlaid with your building in the financial industry, right? For all intents and purposes. And so there's this undercurrent of the Wall Street way, if you will. And in the book as you're writing it, like I'm assuming you saw that clash over  infrastructure point of view. I'm above my pay grade here, but the tools I use to build it, it's like, what's the famous database saying, I'm on the DB and tools like that that are the kind of go to building blocks for spinning up an app in Silicon Valley just are not strong enough to withstand billions of financial transactions. So the tech stack like in 2017 for Coinbase almost came crumbling down  pivot your experiment, but you know, when you're talking about, you know, Wall Street, you got to build, you know, very deliberately and make it to last. For sure. And I guess it's not only just Silicon Valley versus Wall Street, right? I know another kind of theme of crypto is it's much more global than most industries, right? I've got kind of this mental framework where a lot of companies, especially technology wise, they were built in the United States previously, they would penetrate the US market. And then there was almost like a board meeting. It was like, okay, you know, this year is our global  here and then you go market by market. But when you've got people like CZ who stood up Binance in a few months and he runs circles around Coinbase and that's not entirely Coinbase's fault, but so much of the crypto industry's fate is determined by regulation. And in the US, it's been pretty heavy handed. And so Coinbase had to make a choice to win the US or win the world, but it also made them complacent because I think there is a bit of an American arrogance.  from Malta to Hong Kong to wherever they are now. Last I heard, CZ was planning to go to international waters and run the whole thing from a yacht. I think it's cool, but if you're gonna operate in the US, as much as crypto folks like me and cowboys, you can't blow off the Treasury Department, you can't blow off the IRS. So that could hurt America from a competitive point of view in the long term, but that's reality that startups and crypto companies  with their hands kind of tied behind their back in some regard.  the industry gets more entrenched, their lobbying in Washington shops will get better. I mean, that's what Google and Facebook did. Once upon a time, they refused to go to Washington, now they're there. Again, for better or worse, that's just how the American games played. Yeah, so Coinbase was obviously Bitcoin only for a long time, right? And they started to add other assets. Anything that was memorable as people kind of talked about the strategy evolving from Bitcoin only to other assets, and now they're even doing things around  was consumed in politics and backstabbing and fighting that meanwhile all that was going on in Bitcoin world and then what Vitalik was building, it seemed suddenly very positive, it seemed full of potential. So Fred wrote a sort of a famous blog post saying, hey, this is the future and he left to pursue it and Coinbase just dragged their feet adding Ethereum, adding anything. Part of that was for regulatory reasons to be fair, but part of it was inertia. They got complacent. And then it happened again when Binance started  and easy lift and they're like, well, we don't know about the ROI on that. And so, but that's when they brought Bellagie in and he, Bellagie's turn of asking is pretty famous for a variety of reasons in crypto world. And he really injected some energy and was just like, you know, hellbent on adding tokens. And that's, I think how they managed to get their ass in gear again. Yeah. So maybe talk a little bit more. Bellagie came in through the earn.com acquisition and became the CTO. I recently had him on it for an episode and we spent  Belash is a hard figure to report on. I've only met him a couple times. He's incredibly polarizing and divisive. However, what everyone agrees with is he's a genius. He's one of the sort of smartest people in crypto and in general. So the account of, you know, getting earned.com, you know, some people related to me that it was a dog of a company. And since Andreessen Horowitz had a big stake in that and Coinbase was a way to solve that problem. And a lot of people whispered in my ear that the official price, you know,  I don't take a position on any of this, I don't know Balaji well enough. I do think he's got formidable intelligence, that's for sure. And then ultimately it became a showdown in Coinbase between Asif Herji, their COO and president for a while, who was making the company more corporate. And so, which had to be done, Asif did a lot of good things. He sort of made it into a mature company. But at the same time, the rank and file in Coinbase didn't like him because he wasn't a real crypto guy. And they all worshiped Balaji,  as a CEO and that was a bridge too far. And so that's when, you know, he got pushed out and then Bellagie on his one year vesting period was just TP stuff. That was that. Yeah. Um, uh, obviously, uh, used to run a TD Ameritrade, right? So kind of came from a, a much more kind of wall street type background. And I guess part of this is, um, not even just Coinbase, but the most companies, uh, as they go through what I'll just call growing pains, right? There's positives, negatives, and you're trying to build something that's worth billions and billions of dollars, right? So obviously it's going to  that we actually ended up making.  for just investing in general, but obviously for crypto specifically, how do you think about their impact on Coinbase? I'm assuming Coinbase couldn't become Coinbase without them, but how involved are they or were they? Any kind of insight there as to their involvement? Yeah, I mean, I think they've had a huge hand in guiding it. Mark and Jason, Chris Dixon, Fred Wilson, they're kind of the rabbis behind the scenes. I don't mean to damage credit to Brian and Fred, who  crypto players out there, but you know they if you want to put the face of crypto out there, it's Coinbase and you know if Coinbase went south, I think the ripple effects would be disastrous for the industry. Yeah, and when you say go south, is that from a business model standpoint? Is that more of like a custody security hack type standpoint? Maybe it's both like how do you think about the the downside case or the risk that's associated with a company like Coinbase being as big as it is? Well, I mean, I think they're you know, probably  is here to stay. In terms of moments that could have sunk them, you know, a fatal hack, you know, the industry barely survived Matt Gox, something that that befell Coinbase, because you got to remember most American crypto owners, that's what they know crypto as. I mean, I think people come on your show, the people who are running the funds and building it, they're all like, you know, that's child's play. But for most Americans or, you know, most a lot of other consumers in the world, that's their touchstone, you know, so if there's a disastrous hack at Coinbase, it would sink them, could still happen, I guess. But  who's, you know, Antopolis, Anthopolis, something like that. Andreas Antopolis. Yep. Thank you. Yep. They hired him to go and test their cold storage and to do a complete audit of to make sure every Bitcoin they had was indeed there, you know, because remember what happened with Mt. Gox, you know, Carpolis was sitting there. He thought he had it. And then when I looked, it wasn't there. So, Anthopolis verified it was there. So I think getting by that, I think getting through the IRS audit and, you know, so I think that's and then  if that could have sunk them too. But I think at this point, Coinbase is, they might lose market share, someone else might come along, but I think they've really kind of become the face of the industry. Yeah, and so you mentioned Brian and Jamie Dimon meeting. We recently saw in the news that JP Morgan is now banking both Coinbase and Gemini. Is that part, that meeting kind of leading to that or was there other conversation that you're aware of as part of, I love the word clandestine that you use?  And I think it was a little bit, you know, to come sit at their feet and learn what they have to say. You know, and no doubt that probably was the first step to lay the groundwork for what was reported last week of, you know, JP Morgan taking on Coinbase as a banking customer. Yeah, that's awesome. So let's look forward. Obviously, Coinbase today, and I probably should caveat this entire conversation. We have some exposure to Coinbase financially. We're not direct investors in the company, but basically we've invested in somebody who's a  you know, if life is on hold, you know, but unlike so many other unicorns, I mean, they are, you know, profitable most quarters so they can. And I think you put your finger on it. The question is not, you know, if or when it's how. And I talked to Fred Ursum recently and, you know, asked him this, like, what's it gonna look like? Are you gonna do a blockchain token? And he said, yeah, it'd be pretty boring if we just did a conventional mastic IPO. And I think there's so many people, because they are, you know, a lot of people hate Coinbase, but you know, they're the industry leader, they're the  open for a coin-based token. Yeah, and it's interesting too because I wonder if there's a day where we see a coin-based equity token trading on Coinbase, right? Which kind of leads to the question of they historically have listed assets that are not securities. And I think that's, as you mentioned, kind of part of that underwriting process and really kind of trying to stand the right side of the regulators. Does the company eventually end up listing kind of commodities, currencies,  you know, they see a period where we have, you know, hybrid share listings for a while. But I think no doubt, you know, I, you know, I don't know what your guess is, I'd say maybe within 10 years we'll see that. Yeah, look, I personally, my personal opinion is that we will see stocks, bonds, currencies, and commodities all digitized, right? Kind of the technology layer will be the same. And it just generally makes sense. We're kind of seeing this, right? If you take some of the companies we see that are focused on like millennial investing and things like that, they're trying to put various asset  Who's gonna do it? I don't know will will coinbase morph into become the you know, New York Stock Exchange the future Will they get acquired, you know and then also the other people big in this game is you know Facebook with their Libra token, you know, I think it's know that Apple and Amazon are gonna start tokenizing stuff, too You know, there's and you know government central banks. It's kind of a jump ball out there But I think you're absolutely right all this is gonna happen, but who's gonna pull it off first. I don't know Yeah in I think it was 2017  But I do think that it's happened slower than people have thought, right? It was kind of like in 17 everything looked like it was going to happen, you know, the 24 months now it's probably pushed out a little ways. Well, I mean, if someone's got to build the interface, the problem with it, I don't want to insult the crypto community, but I think they're so in love with their own technology, their own culture. There's been a lag in building, you know, I mean, even with DeFi stuff, I try to cover it. And I mean, this, I theoretically, it's so cool. But I mean, you want me to get it, you know, browser add on and metamask and all the rest of it. And I mean, give me a break. This stuff is God's  And I think you gotta build a plumbing first and that's what's going on. But who's gonna crack the code and make this mainstream accessible? I don't know, could be Coinbase, could be Tesla, could be Amazon, could be Apple, could be Facebook, or some startup out there, who's gonna solve this all? But I can't wait to see how it turns out. Yeah, I mean, look, Coinbase, Gemini, I think part of what's made those companies so successful, right, is they basically made it look very similar to other brokerage type products, right? And so if you're used to kind of buying financial assets on a platform,  cash shop square. I was talking to a VC recently who just described it as a beast and Dorsey's interest in crypto and the infrastructure they're building it's subtle, but I mean, they've got a giant banking network, you know, so they they're ones to watch that would be really neat if they push the crypto ball forward. I could see them doing that for sure. You know, otherwise, I think the thing to watch right now is what comes out of the crisis. We've seen with the, you know, attempts to deliver funds, you know, to to businesses, you know, and within the last  might take this health crisis to get people to stop swiping credit cards. So I'm curious a lot of the innovations in us, the world is going to come into America. And I'm always surprised about how cultural payment is. Just people pay very differently in Northern Europe and in Asia and Canada and America. So obviously crypto is going to have a role to play in that as well. I'm watching Facebook closely because I think that notion of, I know a lot of people hate it because it's centralized, it's not real crypto. That's true.  If you listen to this is scoffing because he would say he's into Bitcoin not crypto But I other than that I definitely agree that they specifically have this unique place in the market where they've got the connectivity to kind of the legacy system and then when you've got the the leader of the company who is so kind of hell-bent on Bitcoin And kind of its future prospects that you know, you just don't see that anywhere else, right? Yeah, what if you strapped it to you know to Twitter? Why not building a payment network and as some  Yeah. And then I guess what are the areas, everything you mentioned on the trend side is very kind of positive looking. What are the areas where you say other than the user experience, these are the big obstacles that crypto has to overcome in the next kind of five to 10 years? I think they got to build something someone needs. I mean, as a reporter, I mean, you know, these pitches I get like these, you know, I don't mean to, you know, pick on some companies, but like Definity raised $100 million for a world computer that's going to change everything. You know, it's like,  flawed. But you know, we'll see what happens. So I think that's going to be a threat to it. And I think there's, you know, just, you know, they've got to, people have got to start speaking plain English, you know, you know, Polkadot and infinity and all this is really interesting theoretically, and I'm in the world, so I kind of appreciate it. But you know, they've got to make this stuff relatable to ordinary people. Yeah, that is a great, great point. Where can people go find the book if they want to read more about it? Well, thanks for asking, Pomp. Yeah, I mean, you know, it's,  Oh, so that's awesome. Before I let you go, I was asking everyone two questions and then you get to ask me one to finish up. What is the most important book you've ever read? Oh my goodness. Um, can you ask me the second one and I'll get back to you on that. Second one's not much easier. Uh, aliens believer or nonbeliever. Uh, that's easy. Nonbeliever. I love astronomy. I love the stars. No aliens out there. No way. Well, you got to explain that. Why no aliens? You're one of,  So I have not read that, but I did read Bill Browder's book. It is read, I'm gonna forget the name now. It is read, I forget. But Bill Browder is the guy who, he's an American investor and he went to Russia and I read notice his name and they issue a red notice for him. And it's this whole kind of crime and drama book and they end up killing his life.  decision, not calling it blue ribbon, right? Something about Nike just sounds better. What, what one question do you have for me to wrap this up? Okay. How about the future of media? It's, it's, it's grim out there. Who's going to save media? The Atlantic just laid a bunch of people off. Buzzfeed's laying people off. You know, how does, how does the media business fix its business model? So we, you know, so we can, we can stay solvent. Yeah. So I think there's two paths that are interesting. I don't know necessarily if they're, these are the magic  So, you know, support me. So we'll see how that plays out. But then the other thing that I'm really interested in is kind of these very small, what I call internet first media companies, right? And so this is people who are doing this right now are people like Tim Poole, or if you look at somebody like David Pakman, or you see people like, what's his name? Ben Rubin, right? And all of these people, what they basically have done is they've recreated what it would be a job to do, right? And so, you know, they're doing this right now.  And I think that's really gonna ultimately depend on who wins and who doesn't. It's just who's awake and who's asleep at the wheel. So it'll be interesting to watch, but I also don't think it's gonna happen overnight. I think a lot of people think like tomorrow all these media companies are gonna fail. I'm like, yeah, maybe, but it's more likely that it's kind of a slow death than it is just, you know, a lot of people think like, oh, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job, I'm gonna get a job,