 All right, guys, bang, bang. Spencer's back for round two. Thanks for doing this, man. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. To start this off, last time we did the rapid fire at the end. Let's start off in the beginning this time. Who's the best scorer in the NBA? Best scorer in the NBA. Kevin Durant. Easy. Best defender in the NBA.  Oh, okay. Yeah, he's actually a really, really, really great three point shooter. And I think people don't necessarily lock in on how good of a three point shooter he is. All right. Hardest worker in the NBA. Oh, Spencer, then with it. All right. Best shit talker in the NBA. That's tough. I mean, I think,  NBA rapper first and then all time. Oh, NBA rapper. I'm going to name a little. All time. I think body of work longevity. You go with Jay Z. All right. That's a solid pick. Great. I like biggie. I like biggie better though. But I would say you have to go with Jay Z. Just all time longevity on that. Okay. Greatest basketball player of all time. Kareem Abdul Jabbar.  the highest score of all time. He's like thinking the top 10 or so in rebounds, like, you know, he's got five rings, like yada, yada, yada, the list goes on and on. You know, a lot of people measure that it's like who had the highest peak, in which case I would say Michael Jordan for sure, the six titles, you know, not losing in the championship, yada, yada, all that stuff. Like I agree, but just spanning a complete career, like to go from, you know, high school to college, like eight years and you only lose two games and then, you know, you got five titles in the league and you had a bit,  All right, so let's get into some of the stuff you've been doing you I feel like you have seized the moment with quarantine it started with proposing the playoff system So maybe just give kind of a quick two seconds Like where did that come from and then what was the reaction from the league or the team or anything like that when when you threw that out there? So really it it all stemmed from obviously quarantine number one and then number two the conversations you had  and just kind of talking, you know? The league actually called me about it and asked me to explain it because they want to incorporate some of the ideas. You know, people thought they might be mad at me, but they actually really enjoyed that part. Yeah. I got to assume that there's some people at the league who they enjoy the banter, the fan engagement and kind of the forward thinking. And then there's some people who are probably more old school, just like, hey, we got it. You know, everyone else stay out of our job. One thousand percent. One thousand percent. I mean, you anytime you're dealing with a legacy system, there's always  playing NBA, why would I try to then like take down the NBA while I'm only six years in and potentially have like another what seven, eight years to play or something like that. You know, this, this has always been about enhancing any, any additional structure. It's been about like engaging the fans because at the end of the day, like the fans, as we see are the most important piece of the ecosystem. If you guys watch, you know, we still have a job. We still have a, you know, a league, a system of being an  You know, with finishing this season and potentially playing obviously these playoffs and trying to get a true end to the 2020 season, there's no way they could do that with fans at such a condensed time. I think 2021, we'll see what that brings. If there's a lot of headway on a vaccine or we just have a lot more knowledge based on, you know, what this virus kind of means and its implications, then I think we will see fans return. I mean, I know that's what the owners are pushing for and what the league collectively is pushing for.  a quest to, you know, try to usurp Jordan as, you know, the the goat or the most dominant or whatever you want to call it. Um, Jordan fans will say, there are no that championship shouldn't count. It was a weird season, you know, the the quarantine stuff and they played a neutral site. And so it wasn't near as tough as Jordan going on the road, beating the jazz and the shot and all that stuff. But then LeBron fans will say, well, because you had to deal with all this stuff and because you had to go through all these things,  Now you get into all the nuances and as me and everyone else knows, that's really what people love to debate is all the kind of nuance. One thousand percent. Now that's what really structures debate because if you really were only basing it upon like one hard fact, then there would be no debate because the one hard fact would tell you, you know what I'm saying? The answer. Yeah. Give us an update on the tokenization. So your original proposal came out. Obviously the NBA wasn't so hot on it. You kind of reworked a little bit. Where are you with that?  But when we kind of started talking to the NBA, it was in September of last year. Obviously, like you said, they weren't too hot on it. We continue to go forward, talk to them, kind of settle on a structure that was more like a pilot. It's a bond obviously, and then attaching a safe to it for the larger business investment as well. But like I said multiple times, I view this as the start of an asset class. It's about unlocking  still gets it done, right? And it's almost like it's more important to get it done than it is to have the most innovative, sexiest structure right out of the gate. Is that fair? Oh, that's 1000% fair. See, and that's why I try to, you know, communicate to people a lot when, you know, they see the things like the GoFundMe, they see the things like the initial kind of spit balling of the offering and what was reported or misreported in some places, you know, they think if you don't do the absolute sexiest thing, that you somehow fail, but in a lot of ways,  and say, you're not gonna do it. And then, you know, those people pack their bags and go home. You have to have enough gumption to, you know, really kind of try it. Yeah. Do you think that there would have been a different approach from the league's perspective if it wasn't so much drawn to the player contract and it had been more like sponsorships or something like that? Or is it just generally the idea of tokenizing a revenue stream from a player and having fans potentially invest in it? That's really what was kind of, they were trying to wrap their heads up.  against it, I can very easily just say, Hey, like this has absolutely nothing to do with you. You know, so, um, that, that's where they had some jurisdiction, but at the same time, um, I don't think they would have liked it regardless. Yeah. And then, uh, you came out with this GoFundMe, which when I saw it, I literally said this dude's either the biggest genius in the world or this is going nowhere. And so tell us kind of what was the, uh, the impetus for even starting it? Uh, and then kind of how did you structure it? Yeah, no.  factors, your family, your friends, all that, right? Well, what if you involve the fans in some of those decision making processes, right? Like the CBA pretty much states that you can't like take a discount or anything like that. So, you know, when I tweeted and then went back and read the CBA, I was like, okay, I have to take out the minimum portion of it, but there's nothing in there that says they can't be factors in your decisions. Quite frankly, if I'm choosing a team based upon, you know, their, their fan base and you know, how big of a,  I literally took and I wrote it. I took 26 25.8 and then multiplied it by the price of Bitcoin, which is probably I think like 9200 at the time or something in that range. And that's how we got the sky high number. And the reason why I said, you know, even if we're a dime short, it all goes to charity. And because it was about the idea and the concept, how can we enhance fan engagement? How can we bring more people in? How can this ecosystem thrive in the middle of COVID? If there are no fans in the  team negotiating, but if that if that was right for him, then he could do that. And if a GoFundMe campaign or another blockchain based, you know, system allowed them to have that kind of voting power in there, then I mean, there's nothing saying that they couldn't do that. So, you know, like I said, it's picked sky high numbers, I know I wouldn't reach it, it would end up in a charity donation, which, you know, I want to do good during COVID as well. But it was all about the concept and the idea. Yeah, my brother texted me, I didn't  the GoFundMe is a hard one to do. It's had a sky high price, but this concept of like the fans having a say, you could imagine somebody building some, you know, kind of auto magic, a governance system, let's say, and now fans can actually act almost as like mini GMs, right? Do you feel like that's closer to a world that will move towards an all sports, not just the NBA? Or do you feel like it's just such a big leap from where we are and owners and teams across the major sports, they just don't want to even get into the  of these people, you know, as much as you possibly can. You look at the Green Bay packs, for example, they have one of the most rabid fan bases. And that's because, you know, a lot of those people own shares and feel like they are really entrenched and on the field with the Packers. That's what you want to create, you know, and like I said, it doesn't necessarily mean that, you know, a fan says, all right, Spencer, we're training you tomorrow. But maybe it does mean that if I come to a free agency decision and I am choosing between Brooklyn and one other team that I say, hey, you know what? Normally, I may  you're going to feel also personally liable for the loss. But if you do win, then you're going to feel like you personally had something to do with the win. And at the end of the day, fan is short for fanatic. You want them to feel entrenched in that environment, in that ecosystem. And so the closer you can bring them into, you know, the bubble, the better. Yeah. And it feels like there's other aspects of sports, right? I mean, literally just if you own a seat license at, let's say, the New York Giants stadium, right? Obviously the value of the seat license goes up.  a moment's notice really as a professional athlete, but then you've got kind of this whole healthcare crisis and lockdown going on. Yeah, that's definitely probably the hardest part to a restart. I think it's the part that people aren't necessarily talking about enough. I know we have concerns about COVID obviously, we have families and people that we take care of that we were worried about, but there's also an injury risk to coming back too quickly if they do decide to do that. I know guys are trying to work out to the best they're good.  from not having played for a couple of weeks, but is there actual like COVID stuff, especially since a couple of players tested positive earlier in the year? Yeah, I mean, I think there is, you know, if you talk around the NBA, everybody is cautious. I won't say scared because we understand the demographic that we're in, you know, being between 20 and 35 and obviously in pretty good shape that we're probably not, you know, like death risk.  has got a ton of attention to documentary on Michael Jordan. What was your general takeaways from from watching it? You really get a glimpse into the mind of who Michael Jordan was and what made him so great. You get to see kind of how the Bulls are almost kind of like the Beatles in a sense, because of the league. That's something that obviously I never really got to experience because I was too young. When they're really on their run, I was four or five years old.  was if you want to know how good Dennis Robin was, he had Michael Jordan chasing around Vegas to get him to come to practice. And then the other one was, you're telling me this man was, you know, a multi-time NBA champion. He basically was doing drugs, drinking, going to WWE matches. Like they laid out everything in the documentary and like, and he still was, you know, not even the best guy on his team. Right. And by the way, like all that happens because there's no social media.  fans going nuts all over social media. Like it'd be a global manhunt to find the player. Oh yeah, well, I mean, he'd be found because he'd be walking through an airport whether it was private or not. And somebody would snap a picture and be like, hey, I'm in Cleveland, Ohio and I just saw Dennis Rodman and everybody be like, what the heck is he doing in Cleveland, Ohio? So yeah, it would be over quick. Yeah, and then what's your take on, I saw like Horace Grant, I think Scottie Pippen, a couple of guys were unhappy.  That's a huge compliment. And then, you know, the other stuff that went down, I mean, a lot of that was Scotty's decision. So, you know, I don't really have too much to say on the Scotty front. On the Horace Grant front, I could see how that was tough. You know, they blamed him for snitching effectively. But, you know, one of the things he said was that for the guy to publish the story, he needed two people at minimum to corroborate the story. So he said, you know, forget the fact that one, I'm denying that I ever said anything.  And it just showed like one, I think, Kerr understanding like, hey, if you stand up and basically back it up, Jordan will respect you. And I think that's kind of like he just saw him over and over. And then two is the security guard with the Jerry curl, man. That's all time. Oh, yeah, no, his George Shrugged was crazy. And like, I guess part of Azure watching like how much of the behind the scenes stuff, right? So literally, we see Jordan like throwing quarters with security guards before the game. I'm assuming that a lot of  You gotta remember like these are 15 highly competitive guys who are about to, you know, kind of go to war in a sense. You know, you don't want to be on all the time. You want to be on, you know, an hour or two hours before the game up until the game ends. But when the game does end, especially after wins, you want to kind of be able to turn off. And, you know, so in those moments, you're definitely going to see more court  The crypto market as well. I mean, if you trade it, you've been able to kind of capture some of the fluctuations both ways. But I don't think anybody could have predicted, obviously, COVID as a whole. I think the scariest part, even though it is seemingly necessary at the moment in terms of like the SBA or the, what do they call it, the $1,200 a month or whatever. Stimulus check. There we go.  it's tough. I don't think this gets better quickly because I don't think people necessarily understand the ramifications. Like if the market goes through a normal cycle, I would assume the US at some point in time has to experience hyperinflation. I mean, it's a lot of money that they're printing and they're not showing signs of slowing down either.  not like, hey, the stock market's down, but the more like structural issues with the longer term impact of this type of stuff, or are they just focused on playing basketball right now and not talking about as much? You know, you actually hear more conversations about like the stock market being down or people getting into BC and things like that. I don't think people really kind of gone deep enough to really talk about like the actual structural issues of the economy, you know, or the way we stopped the O8 kind of artificially stopped the O8 recession with the bailouts, et cetera, et cetera.  on the top on the back end, but this is going to get tough for everybody. You know, if the league wasn't coming back, I mean, you know, they're talking about cutting salaries for, you know, a period of time and it was already an escrow system. So that already holds a portion of the salaries and all that other stuff. So, you know, it's not as easy on us as some may seem. And it's just, it's a tough, it's a tough time for everybody, you know, it just really is. Yeah. And I guess the last thing I want to finish up on is,  What's going on there with Bitcoin and those financial advisors? I don't talk to financial advisors that frequently in terms of like others. But I mean, I definitely have heard a rise in, you know, the frequency of blockchain being brought up amongst those conversations. You know, obviously, everybody knows about 2017. Boom, everybody knows about the crash and kind of its fluctuations now in between. But I think people are really starting to kind of expand their horizons because  the more money they make as well. And I mean, we just had, you know, Tudor Jones not too long ago say, you know, he's now in Bitcoin. So, you know, it's definitely gonna continue, the bug is gonna continue to spread. So I'm excited about that. For sure. To end, I usually ask questions, two questions, but I've already asked them to you. So I got two new ones for you. If you're the NBA commissioner for a day, what's the one rule that you would change in the league?  know. That's a lot. Is there a drone around here? No, man, that's tough. That's tough because obviously we talk about financing is a predominantly financial platform. I mean, you got prison reform, you got all types of things. The president thinks  to me is a wrongdoing because if you can incentivize somebody to do something wrong because you have financial gain, then you're part of the problem. You're pushing them towards that end goal so you can profit, right? So I would say from a personal standpoint, that would be one thing. From a personal gain perspective, I mean, we could start doing something about printing this money.  You're there and you're explaining, you're defending, you're doing all this kind of stuff, which I think is important, right? Because we live in a society where as more and more people become afraid to do that, less innovation happens, right? You need to explore those ideas in order to kind of come up with where we're going next. Exactly. And you got to understand the value of different opinions. Some people obviously go crazy in the comments and just want to be rude. That's one thing. But there are people that ask really thought provoking questions and they make me expand.  in detail too much just because you know, SEC Fenrah, I love you guys. My dog. All right, Spencer, look, I appreciate you doing this. We'll do it again soon. Appreciate you.