 All right, guys, bang, bang. Travis is back. What's up, man? Hello, good, sir. How are we doing? We're great. This is quarantine time now. You got a beard. We're doing it remotely. Ready for round two? Yeah. Round one was quite popular. Don't disappoint.  investing background specifically in the energy industries. I worked at a hedge fund called MagnaTAR Capital for four and a half years doing long short energy equities and non-controlled private equity and debt in the energy space. And then in the middle of 15, I went to 0.72 in New York, Steve Cohen's hedge fund was a portfolio manager there running a long short equities book of energy and materials equities, a little bit of commodity, a little bit of options. Fell down the crypto rabbit  a big part of our investment process. And over the last going on nine months now, starting in September of last year, we evolved our investment strategy into something much more systematic, models driven, and primarily quantitative. So it's kind of started off as something a little bit more qualitative. And now we trade Bitcoin pretty systematically.  quantitative or systematic performance went off the charts. That's all we can say. I know because we're LPs in the hedge fund, which is important to get out of the way. But let's start with, we are just living in a crazy, crazy world. And I think that you've used a number of different frameworks to think through this. But one of them is kind of the great accelerator.  I don't have a view on any of this stuff yet because it's such a tremendous amount of change that's going on in real time right now. And so I think over the course of April, some of these things started, you start getting more clarity around some of the broad directions that these various different things might take. And if you think, you know, maybe there's half a dozen or so big factors that you want to say, okay, what's going to happen  to work off of and then as new stuff comes about you see whether or not you're right or not, right? And so this concept I keep coming back to is Corona as the great accelerator. And there's just on all of these different fronts, it seems like Corona just accelerated things that were already well on their way. And you can think about that at like a very like micro personal level.  of easing, MMT, China, the strong dollar, globalization versus de-globalization, this generational divide. And then those are these big pieces I was talking about. And then it's like, I think we're going to talk a while before we actually start talking about Bitcoin. But I think a Bitcoin is just, it's just the thing that's sitting right in the middle of all that. So.  there was a lot of talk about high valuations, right? We saw WeWork kind of blow up and now all of a sudden there's a lot of companies under pressure. It just feels like this is something, I've used the terminology, like the virus exposed the shams of society. So that's kind of the structural things that were there. No one really wanted to talk about them, but like, bam, now they're there front and center. But I think what you're talking about is more the trends that lay on top of that structure, right? The things that the world was changing  the repo market blew out five months before anybody said coronavirus. The fed funds flipped the overnight offer rate a year ago, a year ago that happened. And so these pieces that were in place, well before any of this coronavirus stuff started happening and specifically like this dollar shortage situation, which you've had a few  dire this dollar shorter situation was before anybody ever said coronavirus. And then you can just look at the magnitude and the ferociousness with which the Fed and the Treasury reacted when this hit. And you know that they knew how tight everything was beforehand. And that's how you got a situation where in the second week of March, you had  What about all the really biggest hedge funds that hadn't gotten involved in the overnight lending market? And the repo was blown out, and the knock-on effects of that, right? And so here comes the Fed with whatever it was, $4 trillion of, essentially infinity, actually. The way to characterize it was infinity, because they said infinity. But it wasn't just that we'll do unlimited amounts of QE. They were also real acute. They started getting, the term that they were talking about  this term, cross the Rubicon, right? We cross the Rubicon so rapidly in terms of the things that were acceptable or deemed unacceptable previously that now we've already done them and nobody cares. Oh, and then a ton of fiscal stuff. Andrew Yang, yo, Andrew Yang was running for the President of the United States on a universal basic income with an  for people who aren't in that seat. And then we can get into kind of some of the knock on effects and why that's put us in the position that we're in today. Okay, um, simplistically, and again, I would say if you want to go deep, go dig in all the macro voices guys, simplistically, dollar shortage, the dollars the world reserve currency. That means a lot of different things, but it means that countries around the world want to transact in dollars,  or reserve.  And the easiest way to think about how big that vacuum was, was that the Fed and the Treasury and the US government announced north of $7 trillion of monetary and fiscal stimulus from over about a six week period of time in kind of March, April. And the Dixie, the dollar index, which is the US dollar weighted against a basket of interest  is it now puts the United States government in a position to basically be shooting against dollar weakness with record levels of stimulus, unprecedented levels of stimulus. I don't know if you saw the statistic, Goldman put this out in their research about three weeks ago. The, hold on, let me make sure I get this.  in these unprecedented times. Whether that's the right thing to do or the wrong thing to do is not what we're talking about right now. And it's almost like less interesting actually. So it's just to identify what they're doing. And that's what they're doing. And as long as the dollar is hanging in around here, in my opinion, it's giving the Fed and the Treasury the green light to keep doing more and keep doing more.  if you talk to somebody like a Dan Tapario, he would say you have to systematically weaken the dollar over time, or you won't be able to drive the actual recovery that you need. Right. And so what they're doing is they start out with, you know, I call it the water gun showing up in the combat zone, right? They literally, it was like a couple hundred billion, just didn't do anything. And then all of a sudden it was, they dropped a monetary stimulus bomb on the battlefield, right? And they literally said, Hey, we're going to drop, you know,  leads to this world of like, okay, so how are they doing that? Or what are they doing with it? You've already mentioned that it started out with easy stuff, right? Let's go buy treasuries, you know, all that kind of stuff. Then they got it more exotic. It ultimately leads to the question of like, do we just get the UBI and MMT where you basically have the politicians directing where the money's going, not the Federal Reserve, et cetera. Yeah. As we sit here today, how do you think through, does that happen or not? And what's the ramifications if it does happen?  an intermediary bank, they use a dealer. And in theory, the dealer is supposed to add some sort of, one, it legally, there's a sort of like legally, I think it's the Federal Reserve Act, I guess, or some offshoot of that. So legally, they got to go through that. And then also, in theory, it's supposed to like, keep a market price on whether it's going on, right? But it's like the dealer, that's not at all the way it's, I can just promise.  And then the only difference between QE and MMT is that okay, we're not even gonna borrow the money anymore. We're just gonna create it literally out of thin air, not even pretend like we're doing this kind of paper, IOU type of thing. And there's not really that much difference between that and what we're doing right now. There's just not that much difference in practicality. So we're kind of already there on MMT. And again, back to this cross the Rubicon kind of thing.  talking about the Fed was on autopilot and the market really didn't like that autopilot, right? And Trump didn't like that autopilot and they did in January of 19, their massive dovish capitulation, again, reframing just how quickly we've come here, but that all these pieces were in place before we got here, right? Because we're just talking about January 19, when January 2019, they did their dovish capitulation. And so walking back to monetary thing is going to be really, really hard.  It's just, they are. So, where does that put us with the pace of quantitative easing? You know a lot about the pension liability problem. You and I have talked about it some, USCO talks about it a lot. That again, the great accelerator, that was a problem before anybody ever said Corona. And the stock market moved  Used to feel like it was a long way away that problem used to feel like a long way now all of a sudden It's not it's not feeling like it's such a long way away and So here comes quantitative easing We were 12 years on into it in the United States We did QE and then tried to do the QT Didn't work started started QE again before anybody ever said corona and then What we know what we think we know about the way QE works  So it doesn't really work that well for that, but what it does do is it makes asset prices go up. And the Fed is dealing with, it is an organization full of people the same age as the people that are having the pension liability problem. So those are the same people. And so the Fed is willing, enabled, and incentivized to put the S&P 500 at 5,000  Five year forwards were at 2% right before anybody ever said corona you dip down to 80 bits in March Five year forward inflation and now you're you're hanging out at one and a half percent one and a half percent inflation for five year forwards and so I'm also the opinion they don't want it to happen too quickly because I think if  amongst that group is New High by 4th of July. They're talking about the S&P 500, getting back to the highs of late Feb by 4th of July, which is would be a disconnect. You're talking about 40 million unemployed S&P 500 at all time highs. That feels too soon to me. And I would have thought before Sunday night that they want it. And I actually think they got QE dialed in well enough. I actually think they've got QE  That was not a man that wanted to wait very long before getting a new all time high in the S&P 500. And so you see these, all these different pieces that are kind of starting to get put into place. So when you get that disconnect, right? Cause I agree with you that there's a massive disconnect right now. And I continue to say that the stock market is not a representation of the economy, just representation of central bank actions at this point, right? And you're talking specifically about using that QE as that lever.  how do you solve the problem over the long run of not having a dislocation? I boil it down to this is the way I simplistically think about that. I say it is a totally reasonable base case to assume that that disconnect will be meaningfully wider than it's ever been ever before. And you just, and so you just kind of, I don't know, use that. I don't run an equity spawn, right? So it's like, I don't, maybe I don't have to have it that dialed in.  you got that going on and then you got J-PAL on 60 minutes. Okay. So that's okay. We'll put that there. We'll put that there. Right. And that's, you know, you just, I think you take it kind of level, level by level from that perspective. So the one thing that, uh, we definitely agree lockstep on is it's very hard to walk back all of the stimulus, right? And, um, if you look at, uh, let's take, uh, the unemployment benefits,  in our latest three stimulus, $3 trillion proposal, Republicans say we're not extending that at all, right? And now you get this political kind of battlefield over who's gonna take it away, right? And who can point who the finger at who because we're not election year. And so how much of that like political really just posturing red or peacocking, if you will, plays into the Federal Reserve decision  But like it's like I try to understand like everybody else but like it's been a little annoying when you get like the hedge fund guy to come on and try and talk epidemiology. It's a little you've seen a lot of that lately. But I think what's been really disappointing to me has been how politicized the response has become. And if you're paying attention, you know that to be the case.  no desire to go into politics. And a lot of people that do have a strong desire to go into politics aren't the guys that you want in making the decisions on how to run the country. And there's definitely exceptions to that. I really want to point that out. But broadly speaking, a lot of times the people that are most attracted to the way the political process is in the United States right now are people that have these specific personality situations that  the magnitude of the fiscal stimulus, honestly, I think is just posturing because you're talking about somewhere in between an unbelievable amount and a completely unbelievable amount. And if the more fiscally conservative side of people, if they go in their direction and it looks like things aren't working out, we'll immediately do a lot more.  really strong deflationary forces that were already, you've been in it forever. Technology, right? Technology is very deflationary, been going on for a long time. Demographics, deflationary, everybody's getting older, deflationary. It's the yuppie to nerd ratio, the ratio of the spenders to the savers. And when you get an elderly population, that's a deflationary, fundamentally deflationary event.  We got a lot of those, right? We got a whole lot of those. Because they have this kind of top line revenue growth or whatever. But if you think about that, you're throwing capital into a hole that isn't functionally producing sort of GDP type of growth, right? Deflationary. And then here comes coronavirus, deeply deflationary. And oil.  and other smart guys have been talking about this, okay? So this Corona event sort of pulled back the curtain on the fact that there's supply chain issues. Number of people have been talking about this already. There's a book written a couple of years ago, China RX or something like that. The book about how vulnerable our prescription supply chain was in America, whatever the stat is, like 90% of all  whatever that microchip company just announced last week, they're now, they brought their manufacturing facility they're building back on shore. And then you can just get creep in terms of other supply chain things, especially you can get creep in terms of other supply chain, bringing it back from China back in the United States, when Larry Kudlow is talking about paying for the costs.  billion on a Thursday the other day because Powell was worried about the unemployment numbers. These are incredible numbers that we're talking about now. So you can definitely find $300 billion to bring the supply chain back from China. Oh, and by the way, oh, we get to create a ton of jobs. Awesome. Oh, and we may be able to get that much, much desperately needed inflation that we can't find. And then the real kicker,  long time to fill that bucket up. They say, hey, you know what? Maybe we should pour a little more water a little faster. And then all of a sudden something like coronavirus happens. Hey, we need the bucket full right now. And they take literally a fire hose. The fear is you have to only fill the bucket. It's overflowing because you shot way too much water and right. Or you shot too many dollars into the system. And so before we get to the fighting communism and kind of the whole China showdown,  And this is the other thing that I've been thinking about a lot recently. There's a separation between the inflation actually happening and just the fear of the inflation happening, right? So if you go back to 0809, gold goes down 30%, you know, somewhere of 0.8. And then they do start doing all this printing and people just, oh my God, here comes inflation. They run into inflation hedge assets. Those things explode, right? Gold hits all time high in 2011, all that kind of stuff. Inflation never actually came, right? But it was the fear of it that drew  the scary levels of inflation that I think people are looking around the room saying, hey, is this thing going to survive? Like where do you think we end up if we get the inflation? Yeah. So first thing you need to make sure we're talking about headlines, CPI inflation and US dollar terms. As soon as you step outside of US dollar terms, you know, people use this, the term, the dollar wrecking ball, you heard, right? Then describing what the dollar does to emerging economies, right? Do the euros in a lot of trouble, man?  what currency are you gonna go to? Everybody's in worse shape than we are. And so that's why they're all such gold bugs, right? And I get that. And sometimes I always have this nagging feeling in my head about gold, where when the entities most incentivized to keep the price of gold from drastically increasing,  because right now, whichever side is right or wrong, I don't know all the details, but literally Venezuela is suing, I think it's Britain, because they won't give them their gold. Basically everyone is admitting, yes, this is Venezuela's gold, but we're not gonna give it to you. And I get it that the sanctions and kind of all that kind of stuff, but it's just, you start to understand that there's things that are happening that everyone is a rational actor and that sometimes leads to irrational things happening  Yeah, you know, I have this weird, I've had this theory again, as a guy that has done plenty of public railing on the Fed and Treasury and all this kind of ridiculousness. And it's a big part of why I do what I do for a living. I've had this like crazy thought that like, what if they were actually way smarter than I'm giving them credit for, and they were setting up all of these dollar denom, you know, allowing all of these  I don't know. I've been giving them a lot of credit, which has not generally been my tendency, but, um, but at the same time, at the same time, it's not out of the realm of possibility. No. Right. All right. So as we see this all happening, let's talk about China. There is, um, a man who's the president of United States who came up with a lot of credit.  questioning very long-term relationships that the United States has both on the diplomatic side, but also things like the World Health Organization, the Climate Accord, all these different things. Whenever there is something very disruptive like that, it's obviously gonna be polarizing. So I don't wanna get into kind of the political polarization that's well-documented. But the one thing that in some weird world we've backed into,  I spent a year in Iraq, a war that was started over WMDs that weren't there. And there's a lot of people I think that question that whole narrative of 18, 20 years later, why are we still at war in the Middle East? This is not a let's go invade the largest population country in the world. This is let's engage in an economic war that 50 plus percent  already making moves on China way before anybody ever said coronavirus. And you had the tariff wars, which were, you know, a year ago, right, that those cranked up and they came to this like pseudo deal. But you knew that like the pseudo deal was really just Trump was like, that's enough for my first term. And like, I'm definitely coming back with these guys in the second term. And a lot of this has been driven for Trump, a lot of this has been driven by Steve Bannon.  a, you know, he really was a globalist and he wanted everybody to get along. He's a big get along guy, right? And, um, that felt, you know, Obama was incredibly presidential, right? It's just, I mean, sometimes politics aside, sometimes I see Trump get on TV and you really miss Obama, right? Regardless of policy decisions, but just like, you know, Obama's a good guy, right? So, so what the,  I have no doubt that the intelligence agencies like, let's be like, how, how much digging do you think the intelligence agencies have been doing over the last couple months? Like let's be honest, let's just frame it like that. And we don't even have to answer the question. Just frame the question. They're going to answer for that. And then you're just starting to see the first things trickle in, right? Like what you said, World Health Organization. Okay. Um, uh, a number of other things.  incredibly intelligent guy, right? Obviously. I left and I said, he really believes what he's saying, right? There was no doubt, there was no kind of anything. I didn't know anything about Steve Bannon before I went down there. We did not talk about Steve Bannon while I was there. Afterwards, I saw on Real Vision that Kyle interviewed Steve Bannon. I watched that episode, yep. And basically, you could sum up my  almost anybody else I've heard talk about it. Right? He may be wrong. He may be right. He may be, you know ill-advised in one area. He may be kind of, you know, waving his hand in other areas, whatever, but the dude is on top of a lot of stuff. And so I have not listened to the podcast, but I just want to put that out there as I was very surprised when I heard him talking on those two fronts. Yeah. So, so the way, the way that my China view has been formed really  or you'd see some announcement, you'd see some move. And he had talked about, he called the pulling the funding from the World Health Organization, he called that a month before it happened. And he was talking about it factually. And so that was the first thing. And then I think in the second week of April, I saw Bill Maher say that we need to call this the China virus.  you start, this is what I meant at the beginning of this conversation where you see how all these things are interconnected, then you start thinking about the inflation thing. And then you start thinking about how the hell are we gonna get, what are we, we need jobs. We really, really need jobs. And then you start thinking about the potential for behind closed doors, politicians on a conservative side rapidly arriving at the view that, you know, the CCP,  of evidence that that is what's going on. And one of the main ways that I realized that it was going to get bipartisan support after you think about inflation, which you need, and the job creation, which you need, was one of the main reasons that progressives were having a hard time getting on this Make America Great anti-ch, is because it feels xenophobic, right?  Chinese Communist Party. We are fighting communism and there is nothing more that Americans love than to fight communism. And when you can reframe it like that is we actually want to free the Chinese people from the communist rule and then you start getting these USSR local likes. And that picture, what Democrats gonna,  it was a little over a month ago that I think I kind of came to this realization and the amount of dominoes that have started falling in this broad direction has given me pretty strong confidence that the United States is about to put the screws to China a bunch of different ways and to a degree that I think just a really short amount of time ago would have thought is being impossible.  jobs, right? All that kind of stuff. Also externally weakening them. That's through the tariffs and all that kind of stuff. Do we go from an economic war to a physical war? Like, does it creep out into something that looks different than what I think the path that you and I see right now? Like, can you see that happening? So I just take the view of experts. Some of the experts that I've read and listened to  It's scary. But I have, again, heard from experts that make a career out of following China, that China does not want that. And that they think that over, again, they have a tendency to think much, much longer term than I think US politics and things like that are able to think on. And they're thinking over a decade, over a decade, over a decade of experience,  Did you have him on? I did. Oh man, I listened to that. He's so good. And he basically, his whole theory for those that don't know is he looks at demographics and he tries to understand how the world will kind of evolve over time based on that demographic information. And he's of the belief that within the next 10 years, there will not be a unified China, right? He believes that basically China is on the precipice of at best breaking up at work