 Alright guys, bang bang. I am super excited about this conversation because I was telling Denise that she has an amazing job. I'm frankly jealous of what she gets to do every day. So thanks for taking the time to do this. Thanks for having me. For sure. For those that don't know you and your work, maybe let's just start kind of what did you do,  and thought I was gonna climb the corporate ladder and was doing great and having big accounts and getting awards. And then I thought, oh my gosh, if I wake up at 40 and I'm selling computers, like. So I ditched an opportunity to go to business school on a way of actions and then niggled my way into a program at the University of Chicago, a master's program where you can kind of design your own. And that was in what, the time was called biopsychology, which is like,  So it's a wacky story, really. And so what exactly do you spend all day doing? Right? I think when people hear things like psychoanalysts and all of kind of the cool sexy terminology, they say, I know that's important and I don't want to talk to that person because they're going to analyze me. But what are you doing on a day to day basis? So like I literally just got off the phone with a small  really believes in what he wants to do. And this is a call that I didn't really feel like I did much other than listen and provide a few sort of observations. And he was like, oh, Denise, this is so helpful. But it's like, because you don't get the time to just sit back and talk to someone about like everything that's going on in your business and have that person understand and reflect and ask some good questions.  helping the person really just understand themselves better and get clarity. I mean, sometimes I psychoanalyze, but like I had another client private equity guy. He's always saying to me, Denise, what's your psychoanalysis with me? What do you really think of me? Well, I have yet to tell him because it won't help him for me to tell him. In those situations, right? How much of it is when they are just listening to you or you're just listening  I say I never give advice. Now that's less true than it used to be. It's been particularly less true during this crazy market period. But I think of it in terms of I create my own analysis of what that person's going through, what's really happening for them, like where they're conflicted, what they're confident in, that they probably can't see for themselves.  what they think and getting out of their heads, you know, and understanding what their intuition is, what their experiential pattern recognition is, you know, or like, or where they're conflicted, like, like I had a guy, another client, well, this is the one that I go on psychoanalysis. I don't want to tell him what my psychoanalysis of him is. Which by the way, I'm not even allowed to do psychoanalysis. That's all other problems.  I could see that they were in conflict, right? And I bet you can see they're in conflict as I explained it to you. But it wasn't until he wrote them down in paper, he's like, wow, I can't have this if I've got that. I didn't tell him that. I often give, you know, little pieces of homework, you know, make a list of write down this versus that to help people come to realizations. Yeah, it makes a ton of sense. And I guess you've done this for a while.  there's always a good reason for why the person feels the way they do, like in their circumstances, in their situation. So it has like ultimate respect and it gives ultimate respect for whatever the person's experience of their world is. That's different than a lot of methods that might have like a cognitive bias, you're making this thinking mistake. We're not like that. We've sort of assumed that  And where the unconscious one is getting in the way of whatever they want consciously. But it's very, you know, it's very empathetic. It's very respectful. It's very, it makes so like we know it makes sense. It's just figuring out what's unconscious and what's in conflict and then leading them to it. And in the process that what you find is some people want to know everything like tell me tell me  Yeah, and I guess part of this is you have the pleasure of talking to what I'll call the full stack, right? Everyone from somebody who is a young person who wants to become a leader in an organization to somebody who is kind of, we'll call it middle management or middle of their career and maybe happy where they are and just want to get some better performance or may not be happy and kind of want to accelerate. But then you also talk to the absolute best in the world.  game that there's no like absolute, then it's really just perception. Like in its waves in the ocean of perception changing. And so they're they're trading against other people's perception and whatever, you know, however they analyze it, whether they use technical analysis and charts or fundamentals and you know, value. That's just like a clue to how people's perception is changing. So they just  like, you know, another investment didn't go well, or the IRS showed up, or... Like, in my mind, they're using their brain the way the human brain is really designed, which is something I think neuroscientists really just starting to reveal to us, and kind of the assumptions we've had about it centuries have gone wrong, but they like intuitively come to that. Like, they...  It feels like that's a little bit less of a pressure situation than if I said to you, you're going to be right or wrong on a daily basis. Is that direct? Yeah, I think that's true because it's not like you have to find a secret answer that's lurking out there, you know, behind the clouds. You have less of a feeling that you're searching for the holy grail and more of a feeling that you're surfing. And so it's like,  that people have a strategy that they know at once, they want to look at it this way, this way, and this way, and checks this box, checks this box, checks this box. Now they also understand that they're predicting an unknowable future, because that's what it is, right? None of us know what's going to happen in half an hour, let alone tomorrow. And by the way, the brain works on a prediction mechanism.  Well, it's how you understand, it's like knowing through what lens does the market make sense to you? Like all often, like on Twitter, I'll put on tell people figure out what your philosophy of the market is and what your philosophy of stops are. And like, you'll be like, what's she talking about? Well, you know, first of all, we do everything based on past experience and like the scaffolding of beliefs. So it helps to know what you believe because like,  How does the market make sense to you? Like, what's your analogy for it? Like does surfing do it? Because it's not a sport like football or baseball. And then how do you learn to stick with it? And how do you understand when you're confident in what you're seeing and when you're not? How do you learn to make choices when you're reasonably confident but not too confident, not overconfident?  an incredible ally to sticking with something and ends up working. But obviously if you are convicted in something and ends up being wrong, then people look back and say, no, you were just almost religious about that, whether it was investment or trade or whatever, and it ended up leading to your demise. How does that break down mentally in terms of, it's the same conviction, right? But it's almost driven somewhat in hindsight by what the outcome ends up being. How do you think through that?  overconfident, you know, overly-curricular, if you will, like you're referring to, and always know where you are on your scale. And you're going to move, you know, you're going to move from, let's say, a six to a three, but you want to be able to have a word for a degree of or an intensity of, and you want to be able to have a word so that number one, you're ranking it for yourself, and you're getting to know literally your own  I must be missing something because it can't be this easy. And being able to have both of those feelings at the same time where the confident one isn't energized. Is it like do, do, do, do, do? It's just like, I just know, there's no, but I must be missing something because it feels too easy. How can I know this? Time and time and time and time again, clients tell me their best trades come out of that combination of feelings. So we try to figure out where that is.  Self-awareness is everything. So I think of it in terms of leading people to that and then giving them tools to develop it, like mechanisms to develop it and track it. Bias to me is a slightly different thing because I think the more truly self-aware you are, the less you're subject to the typical cognitive biases.  time where every decision, every action feels like it just has more weight on it. And there's a lot of uncertainty in the air. So the first skill is just to be able to sit with it. It's literally just to be able to tolerate the uncertainty and go, you know what? I can't make what I think is a good prediction or a good bet.  just being intolerant. Then there's like making lists of okay, what do we know? What's not knowable? What can we maybe find out a little bit more about? And when do we really have to make this decision? Like I know someone, you know, startup company, New York thinks that they've heard me talk about like, do I really have to make the decision? And for what period of time?  There's this idea that people default to inaction. I think it's generally the other way around. People want to do something to make the feelings go away. Just live with the feelings you'll figure out a better thing to do as time unfolds. I've always thought of it, whether it's right or not, as people want to feel in control. And the way that you feel in control is that you do something. I can impact the situation, whether it ends up being a good impact or not.  You put stock in dividend reinvestment programs and just you would have known how to sell. Yeah, it probably wasn't a bad strategy. I guess the aspect of kind of uncertainty and especially right now I think is a time where people are thinking about this is fear, right? So uncertainty to me feels like, again, if you plot a scale, it's not on the easy end, but it's not on the most extreme of the hard decision making.  when they are fearful. Yeah, so a superpower question to be able to answer is what am I feeling and why am I feeling? So I try to get them to put that fear into words. And I oftentimes try to get them to really get to why. And so I've asked more in the past two months than I've asked in one time, what's the worst that can happen? So again, this is something I  I mean, this is a long time ago, but I went to someone tell me, and my kids are drug dealers and prostitutes. Like, it's sort of a natural human tendency to down deeper there, you have this catastrophe scenario. And you don't realize it because you're not going down the rabbit hole because you're told not to, by the way. But it's that catastrophe prediction that's like, just barely, that's influencing you. And what happens is when you look at it, you go, oh, wait.  something else or they could be put off or so it's like sorting through the spaghetti bowl of beer. When it's using this research that says emotion differentiation or motion granularity, meaning like fear, panic, nervousness, worried out, like all the different intensities, being able to sort through that shows you act on it less.  I know somebody listening to this will ask is, are the absolute best in the world ever scared? Or do they have the emotional control to avoid fear and maybe just sit with the uncertainty? Or does it ever get to that point? Well, I haven't talked to every last single one of them. So maybe there's somebody out there that's less human than the next one.  What are you scared of when you go to work every day?  the hospital situation in New York City was really horrifying and sad. There were a few days there where I didn't sleep that well and I could tell I was agitated. And obviously like I knew, you know, like there's ambulances and like this is a horrible situation and people are dying, but still I couldn't like, and then I realized, I was brushing my teeth and I'm like, what am I feeling? Why am I feeling it? And I'm like, what if I have to go to the emergency room?  And I did it with, when Kavanaugh was being confirmed, but it ends up probably not being for public consumption. But same thing, I was really agitated by it and got right down to the real reason that it was, I mean, obviously it was gonna be agitating to me as a woman and, but I'm like, why is this distracting me and preventing me from working and focusing? And then I drilled down and what it really was. And the end result was not,  go away, but like you said, the intensity is mitigated to some degree because there's the awareness of it. So sometimes all you need is the awareness of it. And then the agitation goes away. Like in that situation, there wasn't really much I could do. I mean, like I just, I mean, I'll be personal. I have like a condition in my esophagus that it's narrow at the bottom. So sometimes if I own a shoe, really  because you think it's one thing and it's another. But sometimes just knowing, I mean, like I have one portfolio manager that, you know, keeps a zillion positions on and trades a lot. And I'd go to his office and we'd go for a walk in New York and literally we'd start walking and be like, I have this thing and then this currency is in gold. And, you know, I was worried about blah blah blah and I'll ask a question. And the next thing I know he's on his phone going sell such and such.  And then, you know, I don't need to do anything about that right now. Yeah, it's super interesting. Is that normally how you interact with clients? Like you go physically in person, and whether it's in the office or go for a walk, is there kind of a method behind that madness? Actually, my preferred method is to be on the telephone. And it's to be on the telephone because it's kind of like being on the couch in psychoanalysts office, where you're not looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking at the person, you're looking  feel comfortable if they can't see me. So I go into their office in New York and there's only one that's really ever insisted we take a walk on a regular basis. I actually left shoes in their office because I'm like walking shoes are different from the shoes I show up in. How do you make sure that they're not looking at their screens while they're talking to you? Well I can't if it's on the phone you know. I mean I can usually tell by their cadence  What are the keys to good listening? No judgment. No just hearing what they're saying in a perfect world and we use this and this is my time contradictory to no judgment. But like the feeling it gives us. So there's a phenomenon where someone's not in touch with the feeling but someone like  So no judgment, seeing what feelings it gives you, that's what we call it. Hearing what's not being said, hearing the conflict, like they'll say, I think this, and they'll go on as if it's coherent, but if you're listening, you realize they just said two things that are in conflict, and they don't realize it's a conflict.  information is what it sounds like. Yeah. I, like I could hear when someone's not telling me something, like when they're thinking something, but not telling me. And then I'll think, cause like, I know this, say everything, getting someone to say everything with no embarrassment and shame on their part helps them, but they need help to do it oftentimes cause they will judge themselves. They'll think they're things they shouldn't say.  in a reasonable period of time. I don't get that many. They just don't do it. I've had a few. The group of people that do it more are the athletes. But even then, they don't. I'm not going to say that because as soon as I say it, it'll happen. What's the big difference between the athletes and the investment professionals?  You know, the game ends. You either won or lost. Like, it's clear, you know, the ball goes backwards. It's not good. In investing, the game ever ends. The ball goes backwards. I don't know. Is it, should you get out or is an opportunity? Like, the level of ambiguity in investing is, you know, orders of magnitude greater than it is in sports, which makes the best sense.  or, you know, that's, I mean, well, she's racing for other people and she does actually think a lot about other people and how she's, and even like a pitcher I've been working with, you know, that's thinking about other people. You know, I think I'm, in some ways, I'm like everyone's human and everyone's brain works like human being and I'm, the risk of sounding whatever, they're all the same to me.  That's what I want to know because I want to help them sort through that so they're able to operate out of the feelings that are helping them and giving them information and able to avoid the ones that aren't Yeah, it's pretty crazy before we go to wrap this up. I want to talk about routines, right? I played sports growing up obviously You've listened to people whether they are the best in the world at running a business  like meditating and imagery, but they use it, you know, there's not a consensus as to how people use it. I mean, I try to get them in the habit of what am I feeling and why am I feeling it all the time? And then picking the action that gets them the thing that they want, like making sure they get re-centered in what they want frequently, you know,  You know, some people have a very like step by step, I'm going to do this every day, you know, and other people just don't operate like that, you know, and I'm totally about let's figure out what works for you, like in your situation and don't feel guilty that someone else does X, Y, and Z. Yeah, that makes sense. There's a lot of people who wish that they could hire you and spend time with you and kind of  the way you do and you think and do the things you do. So stop judging, try to understand, figure out why it is. You know, some of it's going to be like if you perceive it as self-destructive, it's going to like there was a reason that developed over your life for some reason to keep you safe. Just figure out what it is and then figure out what you want and work with it. So what this means is  what we want. We're choosing how we want to feel. So lots of times people choose a short term feeling to take away an uncomfortable feeling. But to get the long term feeling, they have to do something different. Like they have to go work out today or whatever, you know, or you have to stay in a trade. What are you feeling in life? Learn how to answer that question and just don't criticize yourself.  It's a crazy book, like this is going to be the craziest answer we have had. I think it's, it's called the Red Book. Well, it's the nickname for it is the Red Book. But literally it's like the actual title is something like modern psychoanalysis and the schizophrenic patient or something. I'm going to say this because this matters. There's a group of psychoanalysts, they're called moderns. They're different than Freudians. They don't worry about like,  But it's so hard to do because we live in a culture where anger is terrible and no one's supposed to be angry and don't be angry, you know, and get so criticized for it and blah, blah, blah, blah. The modern psychoanalysts get amazing results with really severe mental issues through understanding how to work with anger. And we've gotten some amazing results through helping people understand they're angry about something  So it almost feels like if people read that book, they will get a different perspective on a lot of this work. Is that fair? Yeah, but the average, I mean, that book's hard for even me to read. Like it's written by a psychoanalyst in the 1940s or 50s. There's irony in calling it modern if it was written in the 40s or 50s, right?  And he believed that you could do that. But I try to think of one that, oh, here's a great one. The Body Keeps the Score by, I'm gonna get his name on, Vanderkirk or Vanderkirk. The Body Keeps the Score, it's a current book. And it's basically about how things happen to us over our life and we're unable to deal with the emotions and they get subverted into our bodies.  are narcissistic, right? So they think everything revolves around them. So they blame themselves. You know, if I just behave that better, you know, mommy and daddy wouldn't be fighting. When you're a kid, that helps you, because it gives you the sense of power and control in the situation for you. And that helps you. But you're, you know, you need to lose that as you get out of this. What happens to some people don't lose it. So they always blame themselves.  of books out there that are out of the mainstream, kind of what's popular in investing or business or technology or whatever, but they're great books, right? And so it's always fascinating to hear what people choose. I ask every single person one last question and then you get to ask me a question to end it. The question is about aliens. Are you a believer or a non-believer? If the question is yes or no, then I come down on yes.  woman said you got to hear this guy so I go to hear this guy and he's got a speaker with him who does like I guess you call it channeling I don't know what the word for it is but talk to the spirit world and I mean even it's been I don't know how many years but I'm like getting agitated my father spoke to me no uncertain terms through that guy it was yeah it was unbelievable  Why do you believe in aliens? My whole thing is, so one obviously the galaxies on galaxies on galaxies that are out there, you know, it's just this vast, vast world. But I actually think there's two components and I'll call up the bias of, I have the benefit of you are the 300th person I've asked this question to. So I've heard a lot of the various theories  to actually see, right? There's an example, Dave Colom from Cornell was talking about recently, I think it was him, where it's like, look, if you're an ant on a highway, you only know, like, I'm trying to get across this highway, right? There's like this big thing that comes, whatever, but like you don't have the intelligence to understand kind of the vast world outside of your little kingdom of the highway, right? And so if you think about it from that perspective,  intelligence. I don't know if we want to be the inferior one, but I think that's going to be more luck of anything. Yeah, we're powerless to do anything about that. But I really, I did just see an article and I'm not going to be able to remember it, but it was an incredible publication about the FBI's awareness of UFO. And I mean, I'm not the kind of person who's going to go down that rabbit hole, right? But I saw  the, I think it was the Defense Department or whoever it is in the government agency side, they actually released the videos and confirmed their authenticity. And so that's probably what- That is exactly what it was. Yeah. And so it's interesting because they basically say, look, we don't know what this is. They don't nearly go as far as kind of the conspiracy theory world of like, hey, this is aliens or any of that type of stuff. But it's just this video was taken. We do not know what the  I'm sure there's other things that we will discover over time, but there is this allure of scientifically, if we can't explain something, but we can see it happening, like what the hell is that? Right? Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.  of those going on right now for sure. Awesome. Well, thank you so much for doing this. We'll make sure we link to all of that and we'll do this again in the future. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Bye.