 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Dave here. Thanks for doing this. Yeah, my pleasure. You are very well known on Twitter. You are the king of hot takes, which ended up not being so hot and actually end up being more accurate than not. But for those that don't know you, what is your background? How do you get to be a professor at Cornell?  and then decide last minute to do chemistry. So took my bio degree, went to Columbia, became a chemist. Thought I was going to flunk out. Got pretty close actually because they made me take some graduate level physics course and I didn't have calculus, shit like that. And then got lucky in my PhD project, Miracont Ice, 1980 beating the Russians, right? So I got my PhD in about two and a half years and no postdoc and got an unsolicited interview from  realized that they're more screwed up than I thought they were supposed to be. So I was a wild bull in the tech period. And then I started doing valuation analyses, which weren't hard because they had no value. And then it became a bear. And once you go bearish, it's very hard to come back. It's a kind of a one-way street because once you start looking at the world through the sort of the darkness. And so I tried to hedge and flake  market. And so I've been on the sidelines. I've done okay. But I didn't catch the wave. I think I really sincerely someone asked in your question on Twitter, you know, why is he still bearish? I think the markets have literally been screwed up for 10 years. And I think in in 09 they got they reached about fair value and you get well, you know, no, they were dirt cheap. No, they'd fallen countless tens of thousands of  reserve that would have sex with sheep in plain sight to save the system no matter what the cost. And so for the last 10 years, the Federal Reserve, Kevin Worf actually said it's unfortunate they treat it every single day as though we're an emergency. I think that was a pretty good way of putting it. So I missed the last 10 years. Gold's done well lately. And so if I don't screw up, I'll retire a tremendous company.  So, so I have people hammering me saying, you know, you're just an idiot. You know, you're just wrong when you're going to admit it. I think I'm still right, actually. I just think it's taken longer than I could have imagined because it's amazing what, you know, $30 trillion will do. Yeah. One of the things that's very interesting to me is you have a day job that has nothing to do with finance, at least on the surface, teach organic chemistry. What are the overlaps that you see between that and the other?  I really smashed some PhD records. I realized I had to move on. I moved into a field that everyone said was dead. I had so many people say it was dead, right? We know what that's called. That's called the bottom, right? And I kept saying, you know, no one's been in this field for like 20 years. You think it's possible? Maybe there aren't some important questions now to answer. And so I went into it and I barely survived tenure. I mean, maybe it was easy, but it sure as hell was risky as hell for me. I mean, it was just so contrarian.  a family used field, but the people willing to sort of dig in and wrestle with the Python to understand the stuff that barely exist. And so in that sense, I'm not a leader because people didn't follow me. But for 41 years, I survived doing this, getting funding from NIH, even though National Institutes of Health, even though people would say, how do you connect that with health? I go, well, I not only can, but I'm getting phenomenal scores.  It makes total sense. It's just not what anyone thought. And that has been going on for four decades. And I can't even get it right myself. And so I will start a project and I'll think, oh, I've been doing this for four, I now know what's going to happen. And then it won't happen. And so what it taught me, the most important thing is it taught me that experts with massive resumes can all be wrong.  with one exception, they all got it wrong. And on this list were Nobel Prize winner stuff. And so it's one of those things where if you have faith that the experts can be just dead wrong, being a contrarian just isn't an error. So- What was it? What was the idea? Well, the idea for if any chemists are listening, the idea that when you do a reaction of free particles, this is real basic stuff, A and B and C,  And that turns out in scientific terms is to be an entropy problem that says that anytime they say probably going to head clap, I say, enter, you mean? And they go, yeah, turns out the entropy is more favorable for the simultaneous one. It's what's called enthalpy, which is heat. And it's a boring problem. What makes it interesting is that thousands upon thousands upon thousands of chemists would all get it wrong. It's one of these things that no one would ever get wrong.  But I gave the second, I said, it was a half hour talk and I said, if I'm wrong, someone out there tell me and no one was able to correct it. And why a chemist sitting in Ithaca, New York is finding a gigantic pothole in the Roth IRA is beyond me. I don't know why. It's fascinating. Let's talk about the virus. So this thing has decimated the world, both on the healthcare side and the economic side.  And so what caught my attention is the minute they shut down Wuhan, I said, oh my God, we just shattered the supply chains, right? So I started reaching out to friends. I got an email from Einhorn who's been so generous for this time, and Steven Roach who's been so generous for this time. And we started sort of swapping war stories, trying to figure it out. What did it mean? But I was convinced that you can't shut down a major region of China without destroying the global supply chain.  Jim Bianco, he was on it fast and furious and so we're swapping a lot of emails, mostly one direction, mostly him just telling me stuff and me going, I agree. And I think it's been devastating. And it reminds me, it's like someone put a stick of dynamite in a turkey and blew it up and then someone else came along and said, I put it back together now, right? It doesn't work that way. So I think we destroyed the global economy in a very big way.  So I think we're gonna have lots of missing jobs that don't ever come back. You can't run a restaurant at 50% capacity. You can't run a movie theater if everyone has to watch with masks on. And so the only way we come back is everyone just says screw it. Which by the way, I think they've collectively are trying to do, right? One of the questions I've been trying to understand is why about two weeks ago, all of a sudden with no change in the biomedical story, all of a sudden it just became a, now we're gonna open up  that blonde, relatively hot hairstylist who said, I'm not closing. And it could be as hell, yeah, you know, the shot at Lexington and Concord, you know, who knows what, but it just changed, it just changed. And all of a sudden people stopped wearing masks except in logical places. So you see them at the store but not walking down the street. So there's just this sea change that occurred. It was like people just ready. There were a lot of people who were critical saying, that's really self-taught.  You spend all day looking at science and you come from a mindset where there's a hypothesis, you test it and it's either correct or it's not, you move on, you kind of rinse and repeat that process over and over again. What we saw with the virus was a number of people who they put forth these models that I'll call them hypothesis, right? Because no one really knew what was going to happen, but they were trying to predict how bad could this be. And you'd see models that said, you know, worst case, base case and best case case.  a small number compared to what the original predictions were. And do you think that, like the psychology of that plays into people just being like, look, open the damn economy up? Yeah, you lied to us. I think is another way of putting it. I don't know if this is true yet. So one of the things I will be watching for and have been thinking about is, if the shutdown really did heroic things to stop the spread, well, first and foremost, you're going to have to explain why other regions of the world are in a killing field.  former students as biochemists at Harvard now and he and I spent hours on the phone chatting with him about how the virus works and how it you know gets the RNA into the cells and how the incubation this guy's glued to it and he was pretty nervous about the whole thing so I can't say that the serious biochemists weren't nervous about it but I was waiting for the numbers to unequivocally, unambiguously exceed anything  And so, so you don't know how to count. Second of all, I've heard there's over 90 different tests. Now I got tested because I've been feeling crummy for a while. I said, why not? My son had. And so we said, why not? We went and got tested and they did it all wrong. They did it all wrong. They, you know, if you do the, the nasal tests, they're supposed to jam it back there to the point where you feel like an Egyptian mummy in the making, right? And there's a name for when they pull the brains out through your nose and, and they,  they don't yet have a good one. I've gone, really? We're doing a lot of statistical analysis. Then you got that guy, Neil Ferguson, who's out there bullshitting to oppress his 38-year-old girlfriend. But it's even worse than that. Turns out she's a sort of, as I understand it, a professional activist. So she's out there with all these big causes. All of a sudden, oh, Neil. Neil wants serious action out of this chick now.  that now shows lower numbers, but then it came out that he wasn't social distancing. He was basically having an affair with a woman and there's all these kinds of implications to it. But what it ultimately brings us to is this idea of bad data, right? And so from pretty early on, I was in the camp of, hey, this is real, right? You'll love this. I called my father who's in his sixties and I said, hey man, I don't want to have the debate, right? All I'm going to tell you is wash your hands a little bit more. Don't go shaking people's hands.  data has always been wrong. So I took it seriously, but also you can say at the same time, the data has been wrong. And it's because the financial incentives are off, right? All of a sudden, if I'm, if I'm at a hospital and you say to me, Hey, if you just check this box and say this person died of COVID, whether you know that to be true or not, whether they tested positive or not, you're going to get $8,000, $10,000. Or Hey, if you put them on a ventilator, they get, you know, I think it's tens of thousands of dollars. You literally are using financial incentives from the government to change the statistics. And it completely  And so what Chris was picking up on was huge risk. And there's no question there was huge risk. So I think the people who dismiss risk eventually become some Darwinian smudge mark on the road. So I'm a big believer that when you see risk, so I had this funny situation where I was doing podcasts and the markets were going up and the virus is getting crazier and I'm going, this isn't making sense to me. So the markets were just crazy.  And he got Einhorn to do it. Now I've been trying to get Einhorn to do other podcasts like Real Vision. He won't do it. He says, I feel bad saying no, Dave. So in any event, so he got Einhorn, so he got him on the map. And so I did the Jelly Donut podcast. And I talked about the things I've gotten right in the past, the tech stocks and buying gold and all this stuff. And then the other thing I did that was probably the best thing I ever wrote was a 2002 email to a friend at Goldman. And I said that there was a subprime crisis.  precisely wrong, right? But I called it, and then at one point, I think it was Kedrosky, one of the great early bloggers said something in a tweet one night, said, if you're early, you're wrong. And I sent him my 2002 write-up. I said, was I wrong? And by his model, I was wrong. And he said, now you're splendidly correct on that one. So it was a big call. You could be early. So in any event, so I did talk about this,  the subprime crash caused a 50% correction. It was just, it was the cheesy thing that we all see, right? On the Yahoo homepage or something, right? And businesses did this and it took like the day that the podcast got uploaded, the things started tanking down and so I'm going, oh, that's the funniest goddamn thing I've ever seen here. So, but then the Fed has rallied it back. But now I think this rally is going to fail. I'm not a technical guy. So I hate to use terms like  you saw the airline stocks, for example, go from, I think it was United, went from like 80 bucks to $20. And I literally wrote something and I said, just because it fell from 80 to 20 doesn't mean that it's cheap. It actually, you have to remember that, you know, they did, I think it was like $8 billion in revenue last year and the market cap was now five and a half. And everyone was like, look, it's, you know, trading below the revenue last year. And I said, yeah, but they're not doing eight and a half billion dollars revenue this year. Right. This year or the following year or the following year, right?  dump and dump buyback schemes. And that's all they are. People return capital to the shareholders. They don't do that. They don't return capital. Buy a pizza with that capital. Try to do that with that capital, right? They take assets on their balance sheet that have a return and buy shares which have a return. And if you've got a company that's got a 10% return and you take assets that have a 5% return, it's a good buy. But if your assets are returning five and your company's like,  because they could get fantastic rates. So Powell, Powell, Greenspin, the whole enchilada, they took out that model. So what it did is a bad incentive. The incentive for the companies was to minimize the cash on their balance sheet and to maximize the debt, which they could get dirt cheap and buy their shares and pump them up and get their options. The whole thing has been a complete made off scheme. Now, I understand the theory of share buybacks and how they can be good.  But a couple of things. Most of them left. Most of them already left. If the system wasn't so deeply corrupted, then what I would do is I would never let a CEO be chairman of the board. I wouldn't let him load up the board with his friends. I wouldn't let them swap chair positions with each other. If you really want an incentive program, here's a scheme.  I don't know, but you let them work for five years for free as an assistant CEO. Or you say, or you hire a real CEO and you say, here's your shares, you get shares in this company. You can't cash them in, you can't hedge, right? They have right of consciousness, no hedging, you can't catch them for 10 or 15 years. Build us a goddamn company that you know 15 years from now will pay you handsomely for your efforts.  But now there's no adult supervision. Now you got the ETFs and you got the indexing and stuff. And so there's no person that isn't, you know, maybe the head of CalPERS or something maybe cares to stick their noses and say, you crooks shouldn't be given the CEO so much goddamn money and so many options. We're going to sell your shares. The only guy who liked that is Buffett, right? You got the occasional Buffett who might say to a C, to a company,  Right. So I think I threw a grenade into into Twitter one day when I said you want to stop all the bailout nonsense Literally just create a rule that if you're the CEO of a company that gets bailed out You can't operate a publicly traded company for 10 years. Oh, absolutely Something like that, you know, the problem is though I also don't like the idea of getting in there And so I think use the budget model where if you're gonna lend money To companies you charge of a punitive rate  Somewhere out there, lurking is a lot of giveaways. So what happened with Carnival? Well, Carnival, besides being a serial buy-backer on debt and all the crap they do, they're domiciled in the Caymans. And so they don't pay tax. They pay some like 0.8% taxes. When one of their cruise ships hits the rocks, we pay the cost to go yank them off the rocks and save them and stuff. So it's just a disaster. The average pay supposedly,  But something happened. So, so J-Po announces his bailout program. And what was happening at the time was a bunch of hedge funds had gotten together as a consortium and said, we will lend you money at 15%. Now, these guys are swashbuckling highway robbers too, but that's the going rate, right? That's what happens when you, that's the badget model. And then all of a sudden what happened is J-Po shows up and says,  in their goodwill to give kind of a lots of loans. But I think this is part of the problem, right? And a lot of people here, the airlines are going to go bankrupt, right? And they think airlines are going to stop flying. They think that the cruise ships are going to stop. All these companies are going to, you know, basically like literally evaporate, all the jobs go away, etc. And I want to continue to hammer on it. It sounds like you're in the same bucket here is there's an equity and a debt market. That market is made when the buyer  go back to one that really looked like carnage for job loss. That's Arthur Anderson, right? So they get obliterated, but then you sit back and you put your feet up and you ponder and you realize is that the demand for accountants did not drop at all. There were, what, 30,000 accountants in that facility? I don't know, I'm just guessing. And the business that they were doing dissipated other firms and those guys went off and worked at the other firms. And so my brother  And if you look at United, Southwest, all these companies, they're literally two thirds of the money that they were given was a grant. The government got nothing in return. Right. That's a giveaway. That's a giveaway to people who I would like to hang from the neck until then. And that's the problem I'm having with it. Now another one, here, remember when Greece went down the tubes, right? So this drives me crazy. So I can remember years ago when Bush was in the United States, right?  How long did that they take to default? What about six months? So these bailouts are always just to bail out the big money and I'm a capitalist. So this is not Bernie Sanders ranting about the big guys. I'm a big fan of the big guys who create wealth. We gotta have big guys. I want some who can create incredible wealth. I do get a little nervous about the monopolies. They do get big, but usually monopolies protected by government.  And that wasn't the smartest move. We're not paying. And I remember the European bankers were upset about this. But it was the right thing to do. They just defaulted. Greece didn't default. Greece handed over all its assets. You go, why? Why would Greece hand over all its assets? And the answer is because one or two or a small handful of key people in Greece who have the authority to make the call  And so they just handed over, right? The Greek people didn't hand it over. The Greek authorities handed it over. When Germany attacked Czechoslovakia in 1939, the BIS got a request from Czechoslovakia to transfer all the Czech gold to Germany, and they did it. The BIS said the papers were in order. They did it. They got a lot of guff for it.  Oh, that's an awful problem because it's always do it for the children, right? Metaphor. Do it for the children. Well, let's do it for the pensioners. The problem I have with that is that I hate the fact that we're bailing out states that acted so recklessly and irresponsibly for so many years. And so my brain kind of cramps  that it is considered invalid, right? So that the states have a pile of this odious debt. And the problem is how do we make the people whole? Now the problem is, again, places like California, they got firemen who were getting 200,000 a year pensions. I don't feel like I should have to make them whole, right? I don't like that I'm making them whole. I'm paying a ton of taxes in New York State.  time to pay the piper, what happens in that scenario? But who's the you that screwed up, right? That gets back. So, you know, there's so many people in Illinois who themselves are guilty of nothing. So they screwed up by electing idiots. Well, we've all done that. So I just don't, I don't have a good answer to that. And at the same time, I find it so repugnant to also have to bail them. And so, no, I don't have a good answer. I don't mind dissolving a company.  causing cancer, right? Now, I made a fortune on Philip Morris betting that they wouldn't have heard him, but never thought. If the Fed is going to just print and print and print and they're going to divert the money to everyone from the airlines to the states to you and I may get bailed out and not even have an excuse for why we got bailed out. God, I wish I'd get bailed out for something. Does the national debt matter anymore? Like, is it even debt if they'll never pay it back?  The national debt will continue to grow as he said, and people's debts grow with GDP. And so he's kind of nonchalant about that. And in no way am I gonna criticize Cullen because I think he's really smart. But the debts are growing relative to something they should track. So normalized to GDP, normalized to various things, they're growing, right? And that just doesn't work. And dollar values, who cares?  You don't get to keep reserve currency status if you act like idiots. So at some point demographics are gonna kill us. The boomers are all gonna be demanding money. Millennials can't buy the houses, the boomers wanna liquidate. There's this catastrophic mess coming. We're on this the other night on Twitter. The average McMansion not only is way over designed for a fair amount of money,  And I'm replacing windows that are 30 years old and skylights that are 30 years old and roofs and stuff. And it's, you know, it costs a lot of money to own a big house. And so the millennials, the next generation doesn't have that kind of money. There are people who do, but the bell curve is not looking very good. There's a lot of money. And so, you know, I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing.  they've pumped stock prices back up and you don't think that that rally will last, but just how do you think about the actions they've taken and should they have done something differently or do they have another option even though we don't like what they've done? You know, there's a million metaphors out there now, some of which were one point were original. The Fed's actions have not been particularly good in my opinion since Greenspan.  He jumped in. I don't criticize him for the LTCM bailout because it wasn't him. He got the players together and said, you guys got to write some checks. Again, the friend of Goldman, I said, what's going to stop you guys from screwing up again? And he said nothing. And so Greenspan reached a point where he started to believe his own press agent. He got very narcissistic. He really did start to believe he was God.  he went further outside the box and I think anyone could possibly go outside the box. I don't think Bernanke's public presentations of what happened in the Depression are correct. I don't know whether he doesn't understand as I understand it or whether he just is willing to lie. I think it must be the latter, but he blames fed actions in the 30s that caused the Depression. And in my opinion, it was very clearly fed mistakes in the 20s that caused the Depression.  to get my phone to stop ringing. That's one of my buddies. And so Bernanke claims it was the 30s, it was the 20s. There was all sorts of, they lowered reserve requirements, they lowered interest rates, they were one of the claims is they're trying to get gold to shove back to England after World War I and stuff like that. But they blew a gigantic bubble. And it wasn't just an equity bubble, it was a credit bubble, it was a consumer credit bubble.  to evoke or recognize what the system needed. So all these guys are in charge of making sure the banks are fine. That's it. The banks hold all the money. They make all the money. They create all the money. They run the world. There's no alternative model that makes sense to me. You can have presidents of countries. They don't care. They will pick the president if they have to. As who has it said that? Dudley last year said that if we have to, we worry about who's president.  bankers didn't listen to him and so he jammed him back up again. And so he had to show the banking system that he was dead serious. And that seemed to break the fever. So then Volcker set the stage for Greenspan to have a party. So then you go past the point and you jump back to Bernanke and he gets credit for saving the world. He saved the world from a raging inferno that was the creation of the Fed, in my opinion. So at some point,  Ellen sat there treading water, best I can tell. She did a squat. She started hiking race from what