 Alright guys, bang bang. I have Julia here. I'm super excited to do this. Thanks for agreeing to come on and talk for a while. Absolutely. I'm excited to be here. Be fun. Alright, so we've known each other for a while. We are investors in the awesome business that you've built. But before we get to all of that, let's start with  So did move to Austin about four years ago for the business, but ultimately have always kind of been in a Texas area for my career and grew up an only child. And I think that's influenced a lot of my drive and ambition is kind of growing up in that type of environment and ultimately didn't have a significant kind of professional interaction in the healthcare industry. I was really more after college, I went into  to entrepreneurship, but then ultimately didn't get into healthcare until I had the combination of both wanting to start a company and then a personal experience with some really vague medical issues that then caused me to become really passionate about the space and of course specifically about lab testing as we'll talk about. So it was a unique journey for me, one that I think when I talk about being in healthcare sounds a bit like this story  all of the steps that that would take to bring this to life. Yeah. So I think your life kind of path, there's a lot of people who are on the same path, right? They don't know about starting a business. They've never been exposed to it. And there's almost this desire for the safety and stability of go work at a big company or go be a kind of a search professional, make a decent living and have a great family and kind of live your life and be happy. Right. Yeah. What was kind of  So I certainly very much fit that bill in some ways, is just that traditional path. There are other things though that I now look back, realized made me a little bit different. And I think a couple of them, I was very academic, which was not popular throughout both high school and college. And I was very academic because I wanted to be, not because of some kind of false pressure or outside pressure.  to hard work and also for me to kind of do things off the beaten path. It was by myself, it wasn't with my friends, it wasn't with my social kind of network at school and at college. And so I didn't really tie that together at the time, but I think when I was making these choices later in my life and felt super called to and driven towards entrepreneurship, when I made a decision to do this and to walk away from what others externally viewed as success, it was actually pretty easy for me  I was going to regret it. And I did not tie that to the company being successful. I tied it to starting the company and trying, knowing very well that it would likely fail. And so I think that that orientation for me was really helpful. I had really supportive networks. I had supportive parents and supportive partner, but I will say, I mean, my parents were also really worried. I walked away from a VP level job at a public company to do this.  trying and then also kind of say, okay, I appreciate the feedback, but I'm going to go ahead and do this and I'm not going to care too much about what other people think. Yeah. It's interesting too, because you talk about, um, not wanting to go start a specific company, but just start a company in general. And then you went and kind of found the idea, maybe explain like, what is that process like? Like I know that I want to start a company, but I don't necessarily have an idea of what that company is yet.  question of tying a lot of work and sort of pulling the machine forward and driving results in an organization and my frustration level around not being able to drive change was something that I internally just could not live with. And so that came across organizations, across sectors, etc. And you start to see it even in founder CEOs as they scale, right? And things get bigger and they can't be in that  And there are opportunities in every industry at any time, even now. But what really separated it for me was I couldn't find that idea that I both felt was the right time in the market. That's more important than people want to acknowledge. And something passionate enough about where I could make a multi-year potentially decade commitment to. And so all of that work had been underway when I both had the idea for Everly Well and then had an investor who also had  and form me being able to make the decision and actually take that step forward. Yeah. And it's super interesting too that you actually went through the exercise of exploring other ideas, other markets. And I think a lot of people they're sitting at home and they come up with an idea or their friend tells them an idea and they're like, Oh, somebody should go build that business. Right. And it's kind of at the surface level. Sounds like a great idea. As you know, from going through it and many people who've looked at companies, what looks like a good idea on the surface  I mean, I did some, but nowhere near as much detailed work as I had done for all these other industries, which I'm not sure what that says or if that's really something anyone else should go do, but it's the reality. But to your point, before that, I had done a lot of business planning. I had looked at industries. I would take the parent or child and parent and just baby industry. I would take the travel industry. I take the payments industry. I would sit down on whiteboard and brainstorm with a friend interested in the space for days, weeks.  And all of these, frankly, and this gets back a little bit to how much does passion play a role because passion drives resilience for founders, which is perhaps the number one important quality. I would look at travel and I'd be like, gosh, I'm so bored by this, right? And that's for me personally, that's not because it's not a good space. It just didn't speak to me in a way where I could find reasons to not do all of these ideas. And then that would overpower wanting to kind of make the leap.  So look, for context for everyone listening or watching, I went to Harvard Business School, which I think was a unique both moment in time of when I was at Harvard and the cohort that I was surrounded by, as well as a unique opportunity to steep myself in entrepreneurship. And so it was part classroom, but it was vast majority my exposure to incredible founders and entrepreneurs who are friends. And so for kind of the context  beginning, 0809 was the beginning of Harvard Business School shift towards entrepreneurialism versus private equity, venture capital and consulting. Not that that still doesn't play a role, but it's really, I think, become a school known for founders. And so I was surrounded personally by the launches of guilt group, Rent the Runway, Birchbox, I could go on. And then in my class alone, we had Stitch Fix, Katrina Lake,  if they can do it, so can I. And so that was really a turning point for me. It was a confidence booster. I didn't go in particularly confident or self-assured into HBS. And so I certainly think the turning point for me was my business school education, but not so much necessarily because of the education itself, but the environment that it created as a ground for me to get my footing. My favorite part of your story is, mainly because I could see pretty much every parent doing this is,  for whatever reason, I always had this innate work ethic, ambition, and kind of determination that they had to actually pull back. So I was always the kid, like I was a perfectionist, I would run myself into the ground and still do, right? And that's my personal challenge to manage. But I think for their standpoint, it was, look, you've just been running hard for like 10 years straight. You've been running so hard at this job, like,  I had a good corporate salary, we're like, we're just married, it'll be fine. But we went down to a significant income reduction and sold our house that we had owned only for 12 months and moved into a two bedroom apartment. And so it is not, it sounds very dramatic and it was dramatic. These are moves that we both supported and we made. But the reality is of being a founder is you have to also plan out those choices as well.  job, but having your husband quit his job and start a business. What was that? Like I gotta imagine there's an element of like, and that kind of looks fun over there. Yeah. I mean, his, his, his path was tough. He ultimately did have a great exit from that business in 2016. But it, his path was not for the faint of heart. He was also on the road five days a week for that. And so, you know, I think our thought process at the moment we were, it feels like it  us to make all these life changes. It's going to be fantastic, right? And then a year later, this might be some premarital advice for you, but and then a year later to say, actually, now we weren't down to one income, let's go down to drastically reduced from both of our incomes, right? So I think we learned a lot. And I think it was for me, I never viewed it. For me, it was an opportunity for him.  What ultimately kind of, why the healthcare space and why lab testing for you? So did you know when you quit that's exactly what you were going to go do? Or was it, I want to go start a business and you know, I'm serious. I'm just going to go find this idea, but I got to quit. Well, I did quit one job with the situation that you just described and then got picked up for my job at MoneyGram, which ended up being an incredible career experience. I'm so glad I did. But I quit.  I left. But I, that was for sure what I was going to go do. And I knew that I had funding lined up to do it. And, you know, for me, again, I hadn't even explored, I didn't do a huge canvas of the healthcare space. I personally was on great health insurance. I was in my twenties. And I started having what you hear almost every woman talk about at some point, which is brain fog, chronic fatigue, aches and pains. Totally,  around trying to get this going on. Yeah, although, you know, it's interesting. I'm not a hypochondriac and I'm not an overly, I really had really bad symptoms, right? Like nothing I've ever had in my life. And so I think having that experience of where you're like, gosh, you wake up and for days and then months, you're not yourself. I think that is really disconcerting for people.  And so it's just this reaction in the healthcare system, largely because of how the whole complex is set up, that that's how you have to kind of maneuver to try to get to the end goal. But yeah, it was a frustrating experience. And I think one that I did end up Googling all my lab results, right? And trying to figure out what they all meant when I couldn't really get any answers or even anything beyond, oh, it was fine, you're fine. Your levels are fine.  But the processes, I'll use the word broken, you may not use that word. But maybe just talk a little bit about like, what are the issues in the legacy model? And then we can get into kind of what the idea for Everly-Woe was and kind of what you've built. Yeah, I mean, I think why healthcare continues to be broken and yet have so many people try to fix it, to varying degrees, successfully or not successfully, is because there are hundreds of different  are so misaligned, not because any one party is saying, I want to not provide good health care. Right. That is not the goal. I don't believe, I really believe that people's goal is to treat patients in the most effective way possible, but we don't get there because it's so broken. And so for my experience specifically, and I think what I see a lot of, especially in women's health, but even more broadly, is you go to a physician, that physician is either a specialist or a doctor,  from your core physician. So whether that's an MRI or a lab or a surgery, you have all these different services that your insurance is gonna get billed for. You as the patient don't know how they relate. You don't know what they're going to cost even with insurance. And then you ultimately don't have someone coordinating centrally on what all this means for you, unless you are part of concierge medicine, right? Which is again typically reserved for kind of the wealthy and for people  areas where I think I can help and where I think a lot of Americans put particular focus, but those are not the only two issues, right? It's so much broader than that. That's just where I think that I can play a role. For sure. And so after you go through this experience, you're like, all right, this is an interesting area. I think that this can be improved. What was the original idea for Everlywell and then why the move to Austin specifically to like go start and do this?  from maternal testing and more around mother and child, breast milk nutrition testing, hormone testing, things like that. And ultimately, my read on market size was that was gonna be too limiting for an entire business that I wanted to be paradigm shifting. So, however, that's a product perspective. The mission of the company was always to provide access  pharmacy, which is a commodity, Instacart for groceries, again a commodity, mattresses, the list goes on and on. This model has been done in very old school industries that typically had large entrenched players with heavy brick and mortar infrastructures. And being able to use technology, transportation is another great example. So being able to use technology to make a commoditized experience useful for a consumer, I think is something that we were able  of our consumer base. Shift from female to male, shift towards things like cholesterol, heart health, STI testing. And that, I think, really set a path for us to think about our platform as a service for essential health needs versus our platform as a service for people, frankly, like me, who were unable to get the answers that they needed and really pursued health. There's a big difference there in terms of being a core healthcare delivery service  started by we it was me working for my apartment and then until March of 2016. So not a super long timeline, but I will tell you that I decided to go out and raise an equity round of financing pre launch. And I parallel path to angel investors and VCs because I wanted to just have those conversations and start the process of speaking with VCs and unanimously at the time, which this just shifted a bit and I think will continue to shift.  technical founder and a solo founder with no experience in healthcare. So like, not a problem at all. Everyone's always like, gosh, I mean, were you so mad that like VCs are like, no, I want to rejected me. I would have, you know, I'm like, I get it. I totally get it. It takes a lot of a great vote of risk and faith from usually angel investors early on. Right. So, um, you know, I think that framing really caused me though, to take a look at the talent.  there was an entire tech community. And so my husband and I agreed that if I could raise the seed round of funding, which closed February 16th, 2016, then we would move to Austin, which we did March 8th. We rented a townhouse without seeing it and ultimately moved down on the first day of South by Southwest, because we were obviously in neophytes in the Austin scene, not the data movement.  funny, I think about so many moments of just sheer chaos in this journey, right? Sheer chaos, sheer unknowns, situations that you don't know how you're going to solve. And in the moment, and maybe this is part of having to be level headed as a founder, it doesn't feel that chaotic. Reflecting back, it certainly was.  And I wanted to hire the best people that I could. And I also knew I could recruit from California and from New York to Austin, which has very much been the case. And I didn't know that I could do that in Dallas. And so really it just made sense. And it was just, it was kind of a no brainer, no brainer decision to like bring this to like, if I was really going to do this, I had to, I had to be all in. Yeah. So let's talk a little bit about what exactly you're doing today and kind of how the business operates, what areas are bigger than  What is unique about our product is we have a brand and an entire infrastructure where you as an individual can go on our website, order a test. We have an independent physician network that is involved in reviewing the test and then the results. And then you collect your sample at home. And that can be a blood drop, several blood drops, urines, saliva, et cetera. You send it in and you get results that are easily explained, colored,  or someone calls you, you don't really know. And if you're lucky, you maybe get access online and you don't really know how it plays into your health decisions. And for millions of people, that experience just doesn't work. But when we launched, we had three tests. Our first seven months in business in 2016, we launched in beta, like the summer of 2016, we did 700,000 in sales. And in 2019, we did north of 40 million.  with lab testing, needing to get answers with people's doctors. So we had a really good business before this moment. We also are nationally distributed in Target, Kroger, and CVS. And we have a Medicare business where we do at-home health testing for colon cancer, diabetes, and kidney disease. And our marquee partner there is Humana. So we've really diversified the business in a big way and I think found that it's so much more than just  Yeah. So, uh, I can't remember exactly when we invested either 2016 or 2017. And I remember at the end of 2018, you basically sent a, uh, an update out and that update was kinda, you know, Hey, here's how we did this year. And here's our, uh, general goals for 2019. And, uh, I'll never forget the moment I opened the email and I saw the revenue projection for 2019. And I literally picked the phone and I called Jason, uh, partner and I said, Jason, am I reading this right? They really think they're going to do 40 million  just trial by fire, how much of that is like, let's go find the smartest people we can and bring them in. Like, how do you actually do that? Yeah, it's interesting because I couldn't, like if you had asked me in 2015, like envisioning success, I couldn't even visualize a million dollars in sales. I could not even visualize it. And then, you know, I'm sitting here now realizing how much my perspective has changed  So many factors play into this. And I often am asked, how do you do it? How do you scale? And then also, what are the top things that made this happen? And I think there's really maybe three things. One is you have to be in the business 24-7. That doesn't mean working 24-7. But this is your life as a founder for  Personally, maybe that's the role that I've played as a leader. But I think more broadly, I didn't have the benefit of having the reputation or the investors to go hire really great expensive people early on. And those people generally wouldn't have come to work for me. It's not to say we had exceptional early stage employees, but I couldn't bring in a really seasoned executive that had had all this track record because they weren't gonna take the risk on me and on this brand.  on who we need and when in the team. And I think that's made all the difference. I mean, at this point with 80 people and with a really seasoned executive team, it's much more about them than about me. But what I do bring, I think, is just an unwavering commitment to the business no matter what. And I think that that drives a lot of respect from the team. And that is something that as a founder, you have to be ready to do. But it is, I've done every role in the business. I was the growth  because that was my standard. It takes like a year to get traction, right? And I just kept hacking it with the team and we ended up, you know, getting really good traction in the first six months. And again, it has to be a moment in the market. You really have to understand the problem and you just have to be committed to whatever problem you face working around it. And that's really what it takes. But it's, it's also something that if you think it's the idea or if you think it's you, both of those are wrong.  whether it's telemedicine, lab testing, et cetera, like how does that change moving forward? Yeah, so I think let's talk first about Everly Wells environment in general outside of even us providing or working to provide COVID-19 testing because we have suddenly, I've been fighting this battle for five years talking about how people are, how lab testing is broken  And there's all kinds of explanations for it, right? But regardless, the bottom line is you as the individual end up paying that difference, depending on your zip code. And so I have seen this as a problem for so long, understanding that we had a really hard battle of both educating the American public on why this matters, how to do it, and creating a brand around it. Like this is both a category creation as well as a brand creation. And so that takes a lot of effort and it's not something that takes  And then that it takes a long time to ramp and scale capacity in lab testing and you can't just snap your fingers and suddenly have a solution, especially for a novel virus. And so all of a sudden people care about this in a way that they didn't. I believe that testing will become quite a topic and a talk track for the 2020 election. I believe people now have a deep interest in understanding why they can't get a test that should be available.  100%. And so that is a very unique position to be in as well. And it just reflects consumer behavior and it reflects people not wanting to go to doctor's offices. And then even on the Medicare side, we know that colon cancer screenings are down 70% year over year. 82 million Americans need to be screened every year for colon cancer and people just aren't going. And there's a home test for that, right? And that's a lot of the demand that we're seeing both from our enterprise partners.  business model a little bit differently. How do we think about being a product that everyone can afford that is reimbursable, that has a fully integrated supply chain that we can really scale? And I think that you will see behavior around healthcare delivery change permanently from here. And this is our moment to really respond and show the value of what we have. And if we can't do it now, then we shouldn't be here.  Right. And being there, there's a sense of safety or security. They're supposed to know what's going on. I think generally they do. But when you do the test at home, there's more of a removal maybe from that. How do you guys address from the consumer behavior can change, but then, okay, what did the test mean? Right. And kind of what you were talking about earlier, like I get the results, but like, how do I interpret that or how do I change my behavior in order to affect my health?  That's included in the cost. So this is not an additional cost that you pay. You pay one upfront price. And I think that that model is what you're seeing evolve into. And it's one where I think we haven't done a good job as everly well of making it clear that our model is actually comprehensive and end to end. Now, we cannot replace nor can telemedicine replace the value of that physical in-person visit. We also don't aim to replace the value of the doctor.  or may not have told you that we bill for this separately. Who do you call? You call your doctor and you get mad. And so we know from surveying our consumers and talking to them about a quarter of our customers, their doctor referred them to us and said, send me the results because the physician doesn't want to feel those calls. It's not their fault. It's not their fault. What they're saying is, hey, I can run this through your insurance.  And so, you know, I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing. And I think that's a really good thing.  did they get the $11 one or the $1,000 one? Why I guess has this not changed? Is it literally because they're profiting off of the lack of education or are there other components that play into it? It's other components. It has everything to do with, well, it has everything first to do with what is your insurance plan. And even if a physician or a lab is trying to check that where you are in your  are you in the right demographic for this to be covered? So I'll give you my own personal example. Many years ago, maybe in 2014, this was before all my chronic fatigue. I was still feeling fatigued and my OB-GYN said, I always recommend a vitamin D test as one of the first steps. She said, but I have to tell you, because you're not over 40, it will likely not be covered and it'll be probably $400 to $500.  is before kind of 2010-ish era, the last 10 years, people didn't pay much for their healthcare. High deductible plans are a new invention. Healthcare savings and F-F flexible, healthcare savings accounts and flexible spending accounts are a new invention of the last decade-ish. And new meaning in mass. So like something like 60 or 70% of American families are on high deductible healthcare plans. That means there's a lot more costs that then end up either not being covered  And so this is not like a niche problem in healthcare. It may not be a particularly, you know, glamorous vertical, but it is a huge, it's like going to the DMV. Everyone has to do it. Everyone hates it. And it's not a great experience. Yeah, it's absolutely wild to kind of see when you really, you know, pull back the curtain, if you will, and kind of see how a lot of this goes. How much of your success and kind of the consumer behavior change do you think is  And I point to 23andMe a lot. I mean, 10 years ago or 15 years ago, would you ever have put a spit sample in the US mail? Would anyone? Nobody would have put a biological sample in the mail, right? And this was being, you know, home health has been done for decades for certain conditions, but en masse. You would not have a critical mass of Americans doing this.