 Alright guys, bang bang. Super excited to have Scott here. Thanks for doing this man. Yeah, thanks for having me. Let's just jump right into your background before we get into all the fun art stuff. What have you done? Yeah, so my background really is in technology. So starting different technology companies originally beginning with casual gaming, moving into online advertising,  that I love or this market that I think is really interesting and just democratize it and make it available to everyone. Yeah, and what was like the fascination with art or how did you originally get into just maybe not even buying art but just being interested in it? Yeah, I mean, you know, I get that question all the time. So, you know, the real answer is that my mom was just an amateur artist and I grew up with art books, you know, just had it as a kid and started collecting. I think I bought  kind of this really passionate group of small collectors that were really, you know, focused on cultural significance of artists and kind of the history of art more so than the market dynamics today. Got it. So I got to ask then, you are in New York. What is your favorite art gallery or museum then? You know, it's also a funny question. So I always tell people who are out of town,  Yeah, that is a fantastic one. Have you ever been to the JP Morgan Library? Yeah. Yeah, that one's probably for me, but very similar type of thing. All right, so let's first talk maybe about your art collection and kind of how you've built it and was there a rhyme and reason and strategy or was it more of let me just go and collect the art that I actually enjoy looking at and like? Yeah, so you know, I think I mean, obviously that's evolved.  hating in a non-fearative way as artists like Jackson Pollock, Rothko, Clifford Still, Barnett Newman, Lee Krasner, Helen Frankenthaler. Those are a lot of the people that exist in my personal collection. Although those aren't necessarily the artists that we focus on from Masterworks, but that is what I've been collecting personally for a number of years. Got it. And then I guess part of my interest in this entire market is, this is going to be a week, I don't have any  around and I was blown away by not only one how big the market is, but also two, how many people that you don't know participate in it actually are either large art collectors, either from an investment standpoint or just they enjoy it themselves. Yeah, I mean, so to me, the big opportunity around Masterworks is just you have this massive asset class, Deloitte estimates that the total value of the asset class is 1.7 trillion dollars. Now you compare that to gold, five trillion dollars,  How do you, now that you've been collecting for a while and actually building a business in the space, how do you decipher between those two? And kind of do you try to look at those as actually one group of just art collectors or is it pretty separated in the way that they approach actually buying pieces? Yeah, I guess the way I would think about it is, you know, it's certainly, I guess your approach to the art market matters and certainly obviously determines returns.  our prices are we believe that our prices are most likely correlated to global ultra wealth creation. So if you believe that wealthy are getting wealthier, then you tend to believe that our prices are growing up all the time. Yeah, I mean, I guess that's intuitive when you think of it through that lens, right? And obviously that that is definitely happening in the world. It's pretty compelling data on that front. Help me understand how does the legacy art markets before masterwork enters the the kind of landscape, how do these pieces of  The artist makes a painting, goes to a gallery, sells for the first time to a collector. And then that painting gets resold thereafter, particularly as the artist market grows, as that artist becomes more popular. We generally, we really, at MassWorks, only focus on the secondary market today. There's lots of amazing artists in primary market. There's lots of important artists that are definitely investment grade. We haven't focused on it as much just because there's not as much data behind it.  of the various pieces or buyers? Yeah, so this is an interesting stat. If you look at just the top 100 artists, the top 100 artists constitutes 62% of the overall art market, which is $68 billion a year. So if you just think about this from a total probability perspective on being an artist, right, there's, I don't know, probably billions of artists that have existed historically. And there's really a very, very, very few number of people  that's probably different than historically. Historically, I would like to thank, and I think a lot of people in the art market would like to think, that value is correlated to what we call cultural significance. And cultural significance can broadly be defined by artists that institutions collect, artists that appear in other important collectors' collections, artists that appear in shows. With other important artists, there's different ways to measure cultural significance.  that eventually they pass away. And then those pains get donated to institutions over time. So it's one of the few asset classes which declines in terms of volume or supply. And that inherently drives up returns because of scarcity. So that's a really unique characteristic about art that I think is totally appreciated by most people. And we see that with a lot of major artists. If you take an artist from Jackson Pollock, I think today there's something like 23 drip paintings  they've got a now a finite set of work. Is there not an increasing demand because it's just more artists or is it just that individual artist is finite and that's what drives the value of that specific collection? This is one of the first questions that our research team studied a couple of years ago and I think it's a critical thing to understand about the art market. So the example that I like to use with new collectors is if you buy a Rembrandt today, do you think  Rembrandt is now appreciation has totally stopped. Meaning that if you buy a Rembrandt for $10 million today, sell it 20 years from now, you'll probably sell it for $10 million plus inflation. So it is important to collect artists. You know, in today's world, I would say artists that are post-World War II are most compelling and most interesting. There's some exceptions to that. But generally speaking, you know, if the artist, artist in the last 60 years,  Yeah, in those early days, it's really determined by the gallery. So the gallery sets the price and oftentimes that price is even the same for any work by the artist. So independent of the painting, it's $100,000 a painting or whatever the number is. Yeah, it's super interesting. And then I guess the secondary market is more kind of market dynamics, where it's just where do buyer and sellers meet? Yeah, that's right. And the way to think about the secondary market is you have three auction houses in the US, Christie's, Sotheby's and Phillips.  from long periods of time by different segments of the market, periods, et cetera. It's super fascinating. And then I guess, is there any data that you guys have seen in terms of that legacy art market because it's been hard for individuals who are not ultra wealthy to participate, especially at the higher end of the art market? Is it one of these things where the top 1% of art collectors or investors  and say, oh, you know, there's a thousand people that control a $68 billion market. So one way to look at it, the other way to look at it is there's a thousand people that are sort of like many companies on their own that are buying and trading these paintings at scale. So. I'm assuming that the thousand top people are incredibly sophisticated. Do they have teams and they're like very data driven on this or is it a, I walk in, I see a piece I like you tell me it's 30 million. I do a little negotiating and,  and we had a team of 25 interns actually digitize individual paintings, what they're purchased for and then sold for publicly and post that data on our website so investors can access it. And it's just shocking to me that you have a market this big where something has never been digitized, like everything in our world is digitized, but the art market is just kind of behind everything else, I would say. For sure. And then as you kind of got into art and got more into art,  of 53, 54,000 people on the platform. Every offering is filed with the SEC. Our sales team is regulated by FINRA. We're a highly regulated business. So we initially thought of the concept as kind of quick and dirty startup idea, which evolved into something more complicated. That was the genesis. Got it. And then kind of explain today what that value proposition is. So I come in, I create an account. What can I do? And why would I do that?  an S1 for a company going public like Uber, you can read an S1 equivalent, what's called a 1A for painting going public or being securitized with us. So we give you lots of information on the artist, the market, the returns, the risk, and you can make a case-by-case decision on whether you want to invest in those offerings. And then just recently, we were really excited about a trading platform that we announced, I think roughly a month ago,  So just say it's a Picasso, it's $10 million. I put in some amount of money. How do you determine how much money is like the minimum buying? And then is there a maximum in terms of how much of that 10 million piece I can own? Yeah, so we don't really have minimums or maximums. I guess that's not really how we think about it. One of the reasons we'd like to talk to our investors is we're going to understand how they're investing today, what their risk tolerances are, kind of educate them on different segments of the art market, different risk profiles.  piece kind of stored and kind of, you know, is there any other components that people should think through? Today those paintings are stored in art stores. There's lots of high-end art storage facilities throughout the world, but you know we're working with artists foundations now in the States to collaborate with them and kind of have them dictate where they would like the paintings to be displayed long-term. So whether that's a retrospective, one of the offerings we did,  appreciation of the value of the piece of art is where the return is driven from. Yeah, we do have a gallery in Soho that we operate where investors can come to paintings. We do events there obviously in today's world that's not happening right now, but hopefully it will happen again soon. But the way I would think about investing in art is it's really just capital appreciation. There's theoretical ideas on how you can rent paintings out and do different things to generate income.  holding period maybe. Yeah, so we have trading now that's active for one painting next week or rolling out other paintings. So we're definitely seeing a ton of interest around investors setting up trading accounts and really trading shares between each other. It's early so I don't know, we don't exactly know how to think about it long term, but we fundamentally believe that from a product perspective, we need to build out the trading platform to give people  to then go acquire it, like what's the sequential mechanism there? Yeah, so we, you know, based on how the art market works to really get quality, I guess quality paintings that we think have have potential for good returns, we really have to buy those paintings with Valenshi Capital. So we go out, we buy the painting with our own money, we turn around, and we, you know, we put it into an LLC, we file it with the SEC, and then we start selling shares in it. And our management fees are  liquidity crisis right now. Do you guys see better or worse or maybe just the same type of performance in these economic downturns? Yes, we did a research study with Citigroup at the end of 2019 on correlation. So correlation between art and other asset classes. Most investors really care about the correlation between art and the S&P. Generally speaking, art is an uncorrelated asset class, so it's close to zero for all other asset classes.  Specifically, between R and the S&P is, I think we can include it as 0.13, so basically zero. And then if you pressure test that during different financial crises, sort of what you see is during 2000, the R market increase in value, 2008, 2009, it had the highest correlation ever to the S&P, which was roughly 0.4, 0.5, meaning it declined half as much as the S&P declined. Interestingly, in 2016, the R market declined.  kind of price arbitrage based on geographies or you mentioned capital controls obviously would definitely affect it. Like anything else you see on a geography by geography basis? And we definitely see, you know, when you think about the art market for the last 20 years, you definitely see this influx of I guess what I would say is sort of like ultra wealthy countries coming into the art market, right? China today is a huge player in the art market, roughly a quarter of the market overall. Whereas 10 years ago, that was close to zero. You know, Russia came  Obviously you mentioned kind of having a team be able to talk to the customers or the users of the platform and kind of get educated, but there's nothing like that experience. Is there other things that you either see users on the platform doing or things that you guys are doing in terms of just helping people, I guess, get up kind of the learning curve and really just avoid the classic mistakes in the market? Yeah, so we have a feature on the website, which is  investors to learn about the market. I think fundamentally we believe the more data we give people, the more training we give people, the more engaged they become. So that is, that is part of, I guess, how we think about this process. Yeah. And you mentioned earlier, kind of the digitization of art. I think you were specifically talking about a lot of the data and the information, right? But the art still being physical and either a painting, a sculpture, whatever. Have you guys seen any interest from the legacy  piece of the value rather than, you know, you can, I guess, somehow make it 3D on a screen, but it's just not the same thing as being able to, you know, actually enjoy it. Yeah. I mean, I personally believe that, you know, it's, I mean, I could change generationally, right? Like I think 20 years from now, we may be the old ones saying that, but yeah, I agree with that. Got it. And then I guess, what are the lessons learned that you've had since you started the platform, right? So you kind of go into it, you've got this idea of, hey,  for what we would define as mid to late career living artists. So, you know, probably half of our acquisitions now really focus on artists like Banksy or Kause or Cecily Brown or, you know, Alex Katz, some of these people that are really well known names in the art market, but maybe aren't necessarily a Picasso. And I guess just thinking out loud, is some of that driven to take Banksy for example,  of the artist or do you think that that's an overgeneralization? You know, I think it's probably a little bit of an overgeneralization. So we can when you look at a particular offering from us, we give you two things that you focus on. One is historical return and then two is risk category. So for a lot of these blue chip artists that are legacy artists like Picasso, we would risk rate that artist an A, meaning our lowest  are aware of maybe the financialization of the market versus they're just making things that they think are cool or they want to make and are more kind of creative and expressive. Yeah, I mean, we've definitely, you know, I'm friends with a lot of these artists. You know, some of them are aware of Masterworks. I would say they fall into two different camps. One camp doesn't like the idea of our being viewed as this financial asset class. The other camp likes the idea  towards a non-blockchain technology stack and then kind of a more traditional regulatory type framework. And we really just because of the, I guess the regulatory overhead for the business, we really had to move away from blockchain for the time being just because it, you know, we haven't frankly seen acceptance by the SEC, a lot of this blockchain concepts. We were actually, if you look at our very first SEC filing,  But I mean, look, part of it too is there's learning, right? Like they have an incredibly difficult job already and then you start throwing new technology and kind of all these different things. And I think it makes sense, but it sounds like you guys have been able to navigate that without having to use the blockchain technology and can offer that liquidity people. Yeah. And I do think that art is an asset class, which historically has been viewed as a little bit of an insider's game. And I do think kind of SCC qualification of these offerings has added  institutions that have this thesis that a lot of these illiquid asset classes are inherently undervalued just because they're illiquid, they don't have access to institutional capital, et cetera. We tend to share that. So I fundamentally believe that if you can allocate 3% of every investment portfolio to art, it's a game changer, right? I mean, you're dumping trillions and trillions of dollars into the art markets. So we think this is a really interesting opportunity  I think to kind of think through almost in some way that digitization makes it a more market expanding You know, there's market expansion and I guess would you then say it's not only an increase in accessibility for a kind of socioeconomics Basis but also on a geographic basis like like now I don't have to actually have physical access to the piece I can be anywhere in the world and gain financial exposure  I think everyone has worked for me, I always knows this. It's a very traditional book. It's Michael Porter's Competitive Strategy. That's one book that I've taken every business I've ever had and tried to run it through the Five Forces framework. So that's definitely been the most influential. Why does that one stick out to you? I think I started my career really focusing mainly on execution, right? So working really hard,  make it as easy as possible to avoid competition and capture market share over time. And I think a lot of our businesses, I've started a lot of businesses that have worked with it really better from that. That's awesome. I definitely agree. If you're working on the wrong thing, that's probably not a good idea. Where can people go find you online or find out more about Masterworks? If you learn about the team, the business is www.masterworks.io. You know, just create an account.