 Alright guys, bang bang. Super excited to have Robin here. We got a whole bunch of stuff to get through. So thanks for doing this. Great to see you. Absolutely. And I don't have a cap on. So only reason I have one on is because I haven't gotten a haircut in a while. Well, I have it either. I maybe I should I should put the cap on thing. I'll get a haircut next week. I'm scheduled finally to get another one. So perfect. Let's let's  I got a physics undergrad but then I decided to go off and do philosophy of science for grad school. But then after two years I decided oh I'd learned what I needed to know about philosophy of science, the deep questions I answered enough. I switched back to physics to get a master's in physics and a master's philosophy of science. Then I read some stuff about cool stuff happening in Silicon Valley, about artificial intelligence and hypertext publishing they called it the web. That was before there was a web. And so I went out to Silicon Valley, I worked at Lockheed because it's the first job I could  theory. I learned lots of things that I didn't realize social scientists know because physicists don't believe social scientists know anything and even computer scientists I guess don't believe that so much. And I spent you know four years getting a PhD at Caltech in social science. I did a two-year health policy postdoc at UC Berkeley and then I got my job here in 1999 where I've been you know for 21 years here.  and a very narrow specialty. And I didn't do that and I got away with it, luckily. And the thing I'm most known for is prediction markets, betting markets on things, but I'm known for a lot of things. So one of my questions is like, you went down so many different paths, right? And you've got a greater level of expertise or experience on those different paths than most, but you kept seeking out other paths to go down or other disciplines. And so what was really the driving force behind  people who are trying to get PhDs, they still are tempted to spread themselves out pretty broad because it's just really interesting. And so, you know, they people like to be broad intellectually, and they have to learn to be narrow if they want to succeed. So that's the most obvious plausible explanation for me, that I'm like everybody else. And I didn't know it was I didn't do what was good for me. And I sort of skirted by now, I can justify the sense of giving some benefits from it.  people are not sort of surveying widely and choosing the most important interesting things, they're doing whatever they can grab. And the world itself isn't doing that survey, it's basically opportunistically, you know, funding people who seem impressive. I can also say that I think the strategy of looking for combinations of things and intersections that are interesting is a useful intellectual strategy that we're  Yeah, and I forget the name of the book. I think it might have been range where basically talks about this idea of like being a generalist is actually an advantage rather than early in life getting a very specific focus and becoming a deep expert on one thing having that kind of more rounded type approach can serve as a significant advantage later in life. That is a good book and you know, it's it's giving a middle ground. It's saying people often over specialize that they believe they should overspecialize. So humans are relatively  are not flexible enough because they have got stuck in a stable world. I think we're seeing that in the pandemic response. And in many other ways, the longer your world is stable, then the more your institutions and habits are tempted to sort of assume the recent pattern and specialize for that recent pattern. And then when you have a shock and a change, it's much harder to adapt. So for example, in the pandemic, the nations that have been changing the most recently and that have dealt with problems like this more recently,  not only the events that have occurred, but also the responses from various governments. Also, it showed up initially in China. Initially, Chinese repressed news and let it get farther than it should have, but then they switched around and did a strong heroic suppression and managed to keep it suppressed, not only in Wuhan where it struck, but prevented it from spreading to the rest of China substantially. A heroic and strong and expensive effort.  many governments failed to stop it from spreading to the other places. Now, some of the initial places that failed and then, you know, like South Korea, for example, they had an initial problem outside of China, but then they did a heroic strong effort and managed to suppress it there. And some other places in the area did pretty strong efforts of grabbing it initially and stopping it like Hong Kong, Taiwan.  you can sort of isolate them from each other and you know mean that when one hits the maximum the other places don't get affected. So, but so it's a big world that spread around the world and some places did better than others but of course the basic problem is wherever it does worse that makes a lot of cases those people go elsewhere and that spreads and so that's what we've seen so far is that even though many places have done very well the worst places have dominated and now the US is kind of one of the worst places  I guess that's it. This is going to go most everywhere. And that's what I said. I said, shit. I even said it, I thought, as it seemed to be escaping from Wuhan, so I guess I was a little early. I said, look, it's going outside of Wuhan. That's it. And the rest of China did manage. Surprising to me to keep it down, but then it went to the rest of the world. And so public health people said, that's it. I guess we'll have to deal with this going most everywhere. Public health people have a lot of  they screwed up. And so in the United States, the health officials really badly screwed up CDC in terms of preventing testing, preventing masks, a whole bunch of things that you can read about how badly you screwed up for a month there. But then once everybody was, once the elites in the world were concerned about this and talked about the concern, everybody said, no, no, no, we can't give up on this, we must contain. And so ever since then, that was three years ago,  tracing and maybe apps and different, we need to hire more people and we need more rules about isolation and we need more masks and you know people went wild talking about all the things they thought we should do and all the different big things if we did them then that should be enough because hey there's other places that are succeeding but the fact is we haven't actually gone very far in those directions for whatever reasons we haven't. Now you know one way to think about this is to say look policy's complicated  the whole cultural package, all the little pieces and you think you're going to try to be like that. Unfortunately, that's not what people did. They didn't say let's copy South Korea or let's copy Taiwan. They said we here in our different place, we're going to do our our package that makes sense to us. And they all different different packages and now they're all in different places. And even today when we see our packages and we're working so well, we aren't tempted to do a radical let's now go to South Korea  and your own everything. And now if they would all say, no, we need the South Korea package or whatever it is, and all get behind that and say, and here's the budget and we're going to spend a lot and, you know, we're just going to do it, we would all probably go along with it and that might work. But we're not. The elites are not like behind one common package. They're spread across a dozen different like priorities and what things we should be focused on. And there doesn't seem to be much of a movement to change the overall policy.  in the middle doesn't get you anywhere. And in fact, if you spend a lot to hang out in the middle, you're doing worse than going in either direction. For sure. And so I guess that brings to questions, right? One is, do you think what South Korea, Taiwan, and other countries who have done quote unquote a good job, is it sustainable? Can they continue to do that? Or do they kind of expend all their resources and can't continue? That's still an open question. That is, if  them and all the people that they would be open to until some strong treatment is done. So obviously many people are hoping for a strong treatment like a vaccine, but that probably many years away and may never come. And so you have to be prepared to do whatever you're doing for a long time. So we're facing this prospect that say there'll be two kinds of nations in the world. The ones that have contained them, the ones that have been contained  because we have traditionally managed national borders. But within the United States, say, it's really hard to imagine California putting up the borders, so those people from New York dot com, etc. I mean, so then what can California do if California manages to keep cases down and New York doesn't? Unless they can find a way to put up strong borders, then they're going to be vulnerable to the others. And the same is true through the rest of the world. I mean, we've shut down trade a lot and we've shut down a lot of travel, but how long can we do that? We are really doing a lot of work.  we would have just shut down travel from the infected areas. And of course, built up resources, including testing, and not over-regulated these things, which is what hurt us right at the beginning. So, I mean, I think the consensus is pretty clear on what we did wrong and what we could have done with hindsight, but maybe it's not so helpful now. And then you've been a big proponent of kind of this plan B  for a while about the first option, the ability to keep a squash down, at least certainly it's everywhere. So what happens under plan B where it goes almost everywhere? The question is, how can we minimize the damage there? What can we do? Sorry, I'm just gonna. Some reason I'm not gonna stay in my throat. You're fine, we've got all day. You can drink the most water as you need. Anyway, so if it goes most everywhere, how can we minimize the damage? So there's a number of considerations there.  might be some roughly half the population. But why not have it be the young half, the healthy half, rather than the old and sick half? And that's also capable of dramatically reducing the death rate. And then we could try to make sure that people were deliberately infected just so we could control when and where it happened. So most of the lockdown is to prevent a tiny fraction of us from infecting others, the tiny fraction who are at the moment infected.  you know, the control of the isolation resource. But in addition to these advantages, there's apparently a prospect, a very likely prospect that there are big advantages in how someone's infected. So for most viruses we know there is a dose effect. That is the initial dose that you get of the virus matters a lot. So for example, if there's a droplet in the air, how many viruses are in that droplet or how many droplets do you breathe in the first few minutes where you're getting infected?  in particular for smallpox. So for example, in the United States during the Revolutionary War, US troops in Canada were hit by smallpox and devastated. And that's why basically Canada is a separate country because those troops couldn't fight the war there. George Washington was worried about this. And even though Continental Congress had outlawed variolation, intentional infection with low doses, he ordered it for the US troops  even if the science shows that it's effective, we can't get there because there's so much fear and uncertainty in kind of the press, or do you feel like it's actually viable that we could do this? So there's a difference between we all deciding to do it together as a joint policy enforced and some of us deciding to do it because we want to. So we don't, there are many problems with the pandemic  regulations of drugs and medical ethics. So actually the current limitation is that we would just need a hundred or so people to just do a small trial and we can't get medical ethics approval to do those small experiments because the people who run ethics experiments say this is unethical because in their calculation the benefit to society of finding a way to lower our death rate by a factor of 10 it doesn't count. The only thing that counts is these people might by getting infected get sick and get hurt.  budgeting in this crisis.  And so, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in  And so we're in this sad situation where you'd legally be allowed to do the worst thing, but not the better things because, you know, we holding basically these companies and professionals to much higher standards than we hold individuals. Yeah. And this, I think, goes to some of the opening the economy conversation, right? Of like I've for a while now I've been saying, look, if you're sick, old or have pre-existing conditions, stay inside, open up the economy, allow people to go back on a optional basis, protect the people who are in the economy.  with a strategy like that, there's this key choice, how much to isolate the odor? I mean, if you are an old person living with a young, do we make you move out, move somewhere else with only old people? Those are completely reasonable questions. But nevertheless, I think the key point is that that even saying that suggests to them that you have given up on the strategy of containing this, which they are very emotionally committed to. So I like this analogy of the monkey trap. So there are places in the world where people try to  Now, so that's this metaphor for things that are so attractive that by trying to grab onto it and not letting go, you can suffer a lot more damage than you would if you just let go of the nut and say, I'm not going to get it. And so I fear that's what's happening and going to happen here with containing COVID. You know, this hope of containing it is so attractive and so emotionally compelling. And you feel moral right about that. And those people who are doing it seem like evil capitalists who only care about money or whatever,  how do you see institutions, one weathering this storm and then two coming out of it on the other end? Well, so institutions are really pretty stable most of the time and it requires either a big crisis and where people lose faith or some big opportunity and an entrepreneur like pushes for that opportunity in order to change institutions, right? So, I mean, our taxi institutions weren't in a crisis, but Uber still decided to do a revolution  to make that connection. So that's what you should watch out for is people trying. And so that's typically always has an a crisis. People fight enormously over the story of what went wrong and therefore the story of who should be rewarded and what changes should be made for the better. Those stories aren't always correct. You can look at a lot of historical big changes that were made and the stories that were told at the time and you go back and you find out those stories were pretty distorted picture of what was going on.  the weak connection, right? But people will be eager for these stories. And it really brings us to what I think is one of the biggest problems here is those stories are being based on data that are questionable at best, right? So, you know, I continue to ask people how, what percentage of the American population is infected? We don't really know, right? We've got guesses, we've got estimations, but we don't know. Even the death rate, there's people who are arguing it's  If you need to know these level of details this fast and this precisely, you're kind of lost and needing to do institutional changes because you rarely know that much that detail. You're looking for robustness in your institutions. And that's exactly what we should be doing here. We should be not trying to make these institutional choices depend on so much on these details. We want to say, so for example, you know, early on the CDC really screwed up the test. You might say, well, what's this robust solution to that? The robust solution is to not have them so much control over the test.  But I'm not going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that  or more fundamentally we don't all together know they're bad choices. So sometimes we make a choice of making these bad choices. So the fundamental policy problem is how can we collect the information we all have about the consequences of our choices so that we can all pull it together into a form that a  this center, which is the market, include their information in the current market price and then allow that current market price to be information spread everywhere that tells us all what we all know. So we've had many tests where we have had a betting market or speculative market price compared at the same time to other institutions that we often use like committees or expert surveys or all sorts of other mechanisms. And basically we have many dozens of  What they do is they offer a challenge to anybody. They say, look at my price. If you think this is wrong, come fix it and you will make money. And that's not only true with respect to sort of base things you might know about a factory burning down or something else. It's about the patterns like do prices go up on Mondays too much? Do they go down when it rains too much, et cetera. And any pattern you can find where you can see a mistake in the market, you can make money by betting on that pattern.  the deadline. Typically, if you ask people on the project, will we make the deadline, what you get back is a politically correct response of whatever the leader wants you to think, which is typically yes, we'll make the deadline. And if you say something else, you might get punished for, you know, by the person running it for violating their dogma. But if you have betting markets where people can bet anonymously, then you tend to get the accurate forecast. So we consistently see that people get accurate forecasts and more accurate forecasts  So you have a company, you have a CEO, should you keep the CEO or should you fire them? Well, usually a board makes that decision, but that's relatively political and it seems like we make a lot of mistakes there. So the idea is you have a stock market where people trade on stock and then you have a stock market where you let them trade on the stock conditional on whether or not we keep the CEO. We have two prices, the price of the stock if we keep the CEO, the price of the stock if we don't, and the difference of those prices tells us should we keep the CEO. And that would be a straightforward idea.  If he'll make the deadline, he can make a prediction market on the project and that will tell him whether he'll make the deadline. But the person writing the project cares more about having a good excuse if he fails than lowering the chance of failing. And so typically a person with a project deadline, their best excuse if they fail will be to say, well, things were going along fine. And then at the last minute, something came out of left field. No one could see him coming, knocked his flat. It's so rare and strange, it'll never happen again.  consistently and then you can't have this excuse that at the last minute we were knocked by something out of left field. Everybody can say, look, the market told you you were going to fail. You didn't prevent the failure, you're at fault. And that's an example of how in our world, political disruption of prediction markets tends to make people not want to adopt them. That is most people running projects and running organizations care more about defending themselves from blame than they do about making the over-reaction.  So the stock market is a bet on the value of that company, but that's a complicated thing. And so it's hard to apply that insight and information to other things you care about. So the more that we can make betting and speculative markets more directly on the things we care about, including especially the decisions we make, the more useful we can make them. And how does this get applied to government? Obviously that is like the ultimate decision making machine that probably has the widest impact on the market.  companies, small organizations, and slowly show through a long, you know, detailed track record that this works. And in each case, try to entice neighboring organizations and slightly bigger versions to copy what it seems to have worked at a smaller scale. And then eventually we could get government. So as you may know, government isn't usually the initiator of a lot of innovations in society, but it tends to belatedly copy them when something works well enough elsewhere. And so that's probably the best  and in mid ahead of time they wanted that extra money, but they kind of knew. So you can have a betting market on the budget for a project that says, well, eventually how much will this cost? And you can even have that conditional, if we adopt this project, how much will it cost eventually? And now we can get a more honest budget on how much things will cost. And of course, people who are pushing these projects now don't want that to happen because they tend to want to convince us to adopt their project by believing it won't cost as much as it really will. You know, freeways cost more.  presidential election level. We could have betting markets and say there's the two, Republican and Democrat, what are the outcomes you care about? Pandemic deaths, war deaths, GDP, stock market, whatever it is, even international respect, we can have betting markets in each of these things conditional on which candidate is elected. Actually today there are betting markets for which nominee should each party produce  things. Yeah, it feels like there's this very direct conflict between what the math and the scientific approach of prediction markets would tell us works. And then the elite powerful people who have realized that if they can actually prevent the efficiency and things like prediction markets from taking hold, there's  in terms of information and analysis of the consequences of actions. So in all of these contexts, the perceptions of which actions have which consequences is always very political and it's always manipulated in order to help powers that be win over their rivals. And that's just the nature of all the organizations we're part of. So say most CEOs even might present themselves or managers as a scientific agent  And they are very attentive and careful to support information that will support their narrative and to resist information that won't. In all organizations, all people anywhere, if you don't do that, you don't last far along at these levels. Basically, everybody has to be doing that. They all have to be giving lip-serviced information, but in fact, in most organizations, they don't try very hard to collect information and they don't very much want objective information. They want information that they can control. So many organizations for example,  they all know that in their struggle with their rival, if they can just allow some out of control source of information, then they might well lose to the rival. So if they have the upper hand on the sources of information, they very much want to control it. I mean, it's, you know, most dictators say, want to control the news media and they want to control the schools as major sources of information in the population that could threaten them if they were in someone else's control.  powerful people have wanted to control and manage information processes, news processes, credentialing processes, authority processes. If the religion is a source of authority that people rely on for information about what's good, then they want to control religion all the way down the line. Science today also, is that science wants to present itself as neutral and independent from all these authorities, just telling you the truth. And sometimes they do that, but less so than that.  to introduce us and he said to me that you would have fantastic ideas around extraterrestrial life in aliens. And one of the questions that I asked him is if they believe aliens exist or not. So maybe let's start there just on how you think about any sort of intelligent life form outside of Earth. Okay, so if you just go right to basics, the universe is enormous and it's been around for very long.  biggest piece of data is the fact the universe looks empty and dead. Everywhere. Everywhere we've seen. I mean, there's a lot of activity out there, but none of it looks organized, intelligent, purposeful. It's just dead on vast, enormous scales. I mean, there is vast energy wasted. Even quasars are sending out piles and piles of energy that just gets thrown away. And so that is the spectacular fact about the universe.  many billions of years before us, right? It's now 13 billion years since the beginning, 14. And so they were just 4 billion years ago and that's lots of time. So what the hell? Why is it also dead and empty? So we struggled to come up with some stories there, but that's gotta constrain whatever they are, whatever they're doing, apparently they have not reached this massive scale. And you might think, well, they have this rule  to prevent spread and becoming visible on cosmic scales. But that doesn't mean they aren't there somewhere. And it doesn't mean they couldn't come here either. But now if you think, okay, could they be here? Could they be around here? And you say, well, we have to confront again the data point that they're not obvious around here, right?  I mean, you know, the things that might lead you to prevent you from becoming cosmically visible don't necessarily prevent you from being locally visible if you're around. I mean, you could certainly have a little city, a little facility, some mines, some productions, some whatever, right? Maybe you do fight a war every once in a while and you make a big splash where you slap each other. I mean, you know, these things would be visible. So the question is like, well, how do we understand