 All right, guys, bang bang. I have Balaji here with me. Thank you so much for doing this. I'm super excited to talk to you. Cool. Good to be here. For sure. For those that don't know who you are, you've got a lot of relevant experience. And I know that you are not a fan of credentialism, but maybe just give us a couple of data points just on your background and training so that people can understand  I was a venture capitalist, interested in Horowitz, multi-billion dollar venture capital firm, helped boot up what became parts of our bio and crypto funds. I taught a MOOC course with 250,000 students worldwide back in 2013. So, you know, being an educator as well. And then within crypto, I did a bunch of stuff. I'm an investor in lots of crypto companies. I've been a part of the company. I've been a part of the company.  It's on the homepage of Coinbase if you tried it, right? And helped launch USDC, our stable coin, which has done very well, drove all the asset addition and so on there. All of this is obviously with a team of folks and whatnot, brought on billions of dollars in assets for custody and basically just did a bunch of stuff there. And then since last June, I've finally taken the first time off that I've had in more than 10 years or whatever.  and whatnot. And that brings us to the present day. You know, and I can take from here. For sure. Before we get into the fun stuff, what's the biggest surprise or learning you've had from taking time off? Like the thing you didn't expect to walk away with or learn during that time? I think I was surprised at how easy it is to like, like the time passes  that I hadn't realized that. Yeah, that's awesome. You were one of very few early on that identified the potential issues with the coronavirus and were quite vocal about, hey, this is serious, this may come here, here's potential implications. And frankly, we all now know many people, one laughed, two literally disagreed publicly, there was articles written kind of the whole nine yards.  at some point, but act one was and is the virus crisis, which is ongoing. Act two is the financial crash and act three, I think is the crisis of our institutions. And I really think that we are in for some crazy stuff. And I, you know, I think I called some of these aspects actually pretty early on, but I think the new political axis or,  are forming, even if there's some old party labels or things like that. And I think you can identify those two camps as centralization versus decentralization, as modern monetary theory versus BTC, as the state versus the network, as kind of mandatory versus free, and health versus wealth.  And so you have an interest in their health in a way that you just didn't before. Now, in a sense, arguably that's good because, you know, okay, well, I have an interest in their health. I will help them stay healthier and keep myself healthier at the same time. You can make an argument from a skin in the game or a light in the game, but you can make an argument from a skin in the game. And you can make an argument from a skin in the game. And you can make an argument from a skin in the game. And you can make an argument from a skin in the game.  The other side is market anarchy. And this is essentially the polar opposite of that. And this is to caricature an extremist, it is, you know, don't wear a mask, but or I should have the choice as to whether to wear a mask. It is, you know, like the laws are necessarily bad. Everything the state is doing is wrong, et cetera.  banning M&As or whatever over a certain size. Those things have nothing to do with controlling the virus whatsoever and they're things, and of course printing trillions of dollars, right? And so there's legitimate abuses and failures on the side of the total state that the kind of anarchy poll will correct and push against. And I think either of these two polls is probably bad, but what's, and that probably is bad. What's interesting is how many  But they've taken polar opposite policies, you know, where Sweden has basically taken a let it rip policy and New Zealand has controlled the virus. You know, the US and Australia, you might have clustered them and Australia has contained the virus and the US is, you know, not right. But then even more than that, you know, to give some sense of where society ends up, you could have a Chinese authoritarian state, you could have a Taiwanese democratic state that didn't even have a lockdown but has managed to mostly keep the virus under control  The sixth, which I think is emerging in the US, which is the snow crash strategy. And I think this is actually where the US is probably gonna land up, where some combination of snow crash and ready player one, the state has failed. It is actually not capable of doing the blocking and tackling. If it had any tricks up its sleeve, we would have seen them already at this point, right? There's no crack military use.  incompetent. They've done some things right, you know, some of the studies they've done are fine, but they are not actually able to control a disease and they're the center for disease control, right? So where I think we land up is some combination, and I'm not endorsing this by the way, but I think, you know, there's a few possible scenarios where the US lands up. So one is, and these are not mutually exclusive, but let's call it snow crash, ready player one, and then someone else actually said Asimov's like Naked Sun or the  where you basically keep the virus out with multiple layers of defense. Everything, you know, the most extreme would be like negative pressure air rooms, but hand sanitizer, gloves, all that type of stuff. Then, you know, so basically what that is is a corporate, individual, and community-imposed order that controls the virus and keeps it out of your campus, but, you know, the commons are a tragedy, okay? Then second is Ready Player One.  you know, air travel or, well actually air travel is tricky, I'll come back to that. Let's say concerts, events, things of that nature, right? People will slash prices to try to bring folks in. But then you'll get price inflation that things people do want, like masks, hand sanitizer, other types of things, right? And once you get soaring prices, here's where the crypto stuff comes in, or one of the many angles. You have soaring prices for masks for hand sanitizer and, you know,  So then once you have prices soar, many states will impose price controls, which will cause shortages and or they will prevent the sale of some of these things and eBay and other places have actually already prevented the sale, I believe of masks and hand sanitizer. And again, and I'm using as a placeholder for a lot of other things that people would buy. At which point markets go dark and you start to get the crypto economy, you know, things like open bizarre and so on become important because you can't buy  control imposed on the rent or something like that. Two, maybe it'll buy food. And three, it'll pay for internet stuff, which is probably the most, you know, like something like Dropbox is probably gonna have the least problem when, you know, if there's significant inflation, because their margins, their gross margins are so high that the marginal cost of delivering another, you know, Dropbox thing to somebody is not that high, right? But then you have the strategy player one world,  maybe there's some friends who move out there, but it's like more like a rural life, like a lot of people used to live in the 1800s in the US, you know, you just relatively low population density. And you, you know, maybe you put on your VR headset or you, you otherwise connect that way, but you have just, you know, greenery and so on around, it's kind of a beautiful landscape, right? So I'm not saying all of those, I mean, those are not mutually exclusive, all of those could happen at the same time. But we start to get a future that,  that it's a complete blanket in even a country, right? So right now I think most people would say, hey, the East has been very, very good from a centralized standpoint. And part of that is because the population buys into those centralized governments. Here in the West, there's a little bit less of that kind of buy-in. And so people are maybe somewhat wary and also kind of have this democratic view of like the government is one voice, but we also have a voice. And so that has been somewhat of a more decentralized response  implicit value set, right? Which is more, not even implicit, I've been very explicit about it, which is I would rank like a competent centralized state like Singapore. I think that delivers the best quality of life. I know Singapore is trying to get, you know, Corona under control and so on, but a Singapore, a Taiwan, a South Korea, and now this gets to my second point, a New Zealand and Australia, right? They have managed to get the virus under control. So it appears so Slovakia, I think Estonia has, I think Israel has, right?  What's happened is the government is now by not doing a good job of keeping the commons free of this virus. It's like a tax on every transaction that's happening. It's basically like an out of control fire that's burning because the fire department can't put it out because the CDC can't control disease because the FDA has an approved test. We have this viral fire burning that is imposed a tax on every transaction, right? Okay, so then at least allow individuals to pay their taxes.  the US and Canada have actually had some of the worst responses to this, which I can get into. And so when you've got an incompetent centralized state, they're doing things like infinite lockdown with no plan, right? And that's not, that's also, that's stupid, right? Like one way of thinking about it is every country that is doing lockdown, whether they admit it or not, is copying China because China did a fair deal  East Coast had is they still have a time warp model of China from like the 70s as, you know, a primitive country or, oh, it only happened over there, you know, blah, blah, blah. And it's simply not, right? It's a very sophisticated place in many ways. And I'm not saying it's all good, but I'm just saying to appreciate that. Anyway, once it hit Italy, and Italy went into lockdown, then in mid-March, the US copied Italy. And so you're copying a copy without admitting you're copying.  And one mental model is you have this very agile state that is able to execute this kind of lockdown. And then you have this lumbering American or Westerner who tries to follow the same gymnastics and simply can't do it. And so it might, when you're talking about how the Chinese executed lockdown  in a hospital that was built in China had negative pressure rooms. It had telemedicine for doctors to come in remotely. It had drone delivery bots and it was basically set up so that you could remote operate the hospital and the patients weren't exposing doctors to the virus because healthcare workers were dying over there. It was stuff like drones with thermal imaging cameras. It's stuff like mobile CT scanners  copying a copy, you should at least understand what it is you're copying and what it is you're doing. And what happened was in China, the lockdown was executed, and I've tweeted about this also, you can see my tweets in March on this, but in China, the lockdown was a top-down thing that was executed by the technocrats running the Chinese state. In the US, lockdown was like a bottom-up cry from Twitter, from all these academics or engineers or whatever,  Like, you know, and obviously our, you know, whether it's the mayor or the governor or the president, like these folks are not like, they're not doing a great job, right? And so you have something where it's not just the idea, it's execution, right? And the idea is, oh, have people stay at home and then execute all these complicated series of steps to control the virus. Well, you know, we simply,  And what's happened is that the state capacity of the US, since basically the, like Apollo project has just fallen off a cliff and the state capacity of China and actually India and other countries has risen over that period. And now there's like a crossing point, right? There's no way that China in 1968 would have out executed America in 1968. But China 2020,  Apple had out executed them, right? Like, you know, he was famously in denial about this for a long time, you know, and there'd be this sort of corporate nationalism, you know, that would happen in Microsoft where he'd say, oh, you know, I tell my kids, you don't use an iPhone and you don't use Google. And it's a great way of basically blinding yourself to what's happening in the rest of, you know, the industry. Again, not saying that you copy it  and he saw like a NASA control panel or whatever, right? And he was like, we've got rockets in the Soviet Union as well. Not a big deal, but you know what he was really impressed by? What's that? There was a random stop that they made on the trip home to a supermarket. And when he saw like this Randalls supermarket, okay, Randalls was just the name of the chain, he was awestruck.  he realized that even the leaders of the Soviet Union, of which he was one, right, he was a very exceptional person who was allowed during the time of the USSR to travel abroad, not just anywhere, but to America, right? So even the leaders of the Soviet Union had fallen for their own propaganda about how, you know, the capitalist West was behind and so on and so forth. And the leaders of the Soviet Union didn't have the quality of the market experience that a random working person in Texas would have had.  They'd been an isolated society for a long time. And to shorten a longer story, in the mid 1800s, they came into contact with the West, right? And these boats arrived and opened up Japan as a market and so on, it's a famous kind of story. And the Japanese realized they were behind. They had been isolated for so long and here were these Westerners with all of this technology that was like just a level of magic, almost like a UFO landing level  the country strengthen the military. But the, hold on, I want to find the, they have different slogans for different eras. Let's see if I can find it. It was, it's sort of like a mission statement, but for the country, right? I think it was something like  you know, enrich the country, strengthen the military, that's actually very different, right? The first is, you know, a slogan which is about stasis, right? Expelled the barbarians, revered the emperor, right? And the second is a slogan which is about growth, right? You know, enrich the country, you know, strength of the military. And that's a radical shift actually, right? It's a change in mission statement. And so, Japan modernized and they became, you know, that's why  Right. And I, you know, like, that gets into all kinds of historical stuff. But my main main point on this was whether it was Sethia turning around Microsoft, whether it was Yeltsin looking and seeing how behind Russia was, whether it was the Japanese going and doing the Meiji, you know, restoration. This was something where folks who were smart realized they were behind and rather than get all outraged about someone pointing  on Netflix, right? Or Amazon. How do these countries turn around? You read about how companies turn around. How do you turn around a country? That's even harder, right? Much harder. And I think it has a lot of lessons for business and management and so on. Even if, again, you know, like, I'm sure the comments, oh my God, China's evil. Okay, got it, right? Fine. I may agree with you on many of these premises. Just like, you know, the Soviet Union was evil in many ways. And yet we can discuss it in a different way.  like Estonia did extremely well, Poland has done well, and so on. So on net, it's probably, not probably, it is a win. And certainly Japan did well. Okay, so how did Deng Xiaoping turn around China? Well, he had a few things which have become slogans now. The famous one, black cat, white cat, doesn't matter if it catches mice. Another one was, let some people get rich first, which basically said, look, I know that we're gonna go from everybody equally poor to some degree of income and wealth inequality,  on Twitter, I may be butchering that, but he has a good article on this, but the backwards will be beaten basically means that China, it's a proud country and during the Opium Wars and during how the Japanese invaded them during World War II, they were brought low by folks outside with superior technology. And so China itself has a balance between rationalism  and so forth. You know, another place that rationalism and nationalism are in tension that you're actually very familiar with? Where? Crypto. Because every crypto tribe, there's the nationalism of boosting my coin, and there's the rationalism of the technology and the science and the features of other coins that might be worth adopting or thinking about or looking at, you know, obvious example being, let's say privacy, right?  can the the tribalism of crypto is in a sense an extension of Mac versus PC or you know, eMacs versus VI. There's something about it where it's not just a technology but a community and it's a sunk cost and there's something where a community gains value from expanding because if you have a billion people using iOS, it's better for you as an iOS user  Right to say this is the best. I don't care what it says on the screen I don't care what you say. I'm gonna close my ears never gonna sell etc It's actually kind of good to have some of those folks in the community but not too many because if there's too many then you can't improve or React anything you'll never admit flaws of any kind right so All right. Let me pause there because that's that's like a lot of history a lot of stuff Yeah, so I want to go back to the China thing in a second, but staying on this  There's no growth, right? The rationalism is what provides a growth, the nationalism is what provides a tribalism. And in the absence of any growth, people fight over a zero-sum pie because it doesn't just stay as nationalism, it becomes nationalist socialism where, you know, right? Like those tribes, you know, one way of putting it is, you know, you see this dynamic on Twitter. Whatever ideology somebody may claim to have, on Twitter it becomes Twitter.  Well, that's interesting, non-aggression is F-U. Now, of course, people say, oh, well, that's just violence or everything. No, it actually means civilization as well. The point of the non-aggression principle is not to go around saying F-U to everybody. The point is to maintain a civilized society. And it's something where civilization is good, even if people take it for granted. And so, oh gosh, I lost my try of thought.  for who is the most tolerant of them all, who is the maximalist of the max, you know, like this kind of stupid thing, right? Like in this very closed loop of people where you try and find some flaw that this person had and then just attack them, right? You know, and that's actually the trap that, you know, China was certainly stuck in for many, many years, right? Purge after purge after purge, internal political rivals,  Of course. Yeah, so civilization the game If you put all your money into technology in commerce and And nothing else The guy next door with one spearmen can just come in and take all your stuff, right? So if you if you go excessively rationalist you do not survive either, right? So so clearly there's some kind of balance here and I think that that  And so, you know, I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important. I think that's the thing that's really important.  Just one example, tariffs matter. The trade policy really matters. Immigration policy matters. Those are things that are set somewhat top down. We should say somewhat, because obviously outcry matters and so on as well. But those definitely influence what is feasible bottom up. So I wouldn't be able to divide it necessarily. But what I would say is certainly if you feel you're in a technology space,  cases in let's say, you know, two weeks or four weeks, right, some time period. And the reason both those are important, a region, so a spatial region, with comprehensive testing, so, because if you're not testing, then I don't believe you're a green zone, right? And no new cases, meaning you have extended a streak, right? You've been just sampling, I'm gonna have you, and you really have quelled the virus, right? Okay. And a red zone is everywhere else, right? Both the places without testing, because you don't know if the virus is there.  like wobbling on a new normal, right? Rather than just have it crash, right? Conversely, in a red zone, I think you're gonna get huge strain pressures where you get a series of things where viral destruction leads to economic destruction, leads to viral destruction, leads to like, they actually stack on top of each other, right? So for example, right? You have the serious virus, okay, then folks, they do lockdown or a cargo coat lockdown.  I should say, okay mortality stats, like we know case fatality rate and so on. We don't yet know like what percentage of normal people, you know, have eight week convalescence or permanently decreased lung function. We don't know the long-term effects of this thing, right? So folks who just rushed out there, oh, actually bam, they just walk right into this virus, which is going crazy by the way in 50 states. And then that leads to yet another pullback  potentially. And you know so Iran actually had some civil unrest and whatnot right. And I mean the biggest thing is Americans should understand that it can happen here. I mean it just is one example. Michigan evidently armed. Do you see this thing? I did see it and I think that actually Michigan was real guns and I don't know if you saw Raleigh, North Carolina where I grew up there was people who walked around with fake guns. So they literally took  It's, this whole situation is bad on like a number of different levels, but it's something where you're getting more sci-fi movie almost every day, right? And the problem is that, you know, there's at least two analogies for what the virus is doing. Let's talk about some of the crypto implications of it. One analogy is to analogize it to an invasion.  you project it down into the XY plane. Okay. It's basically like a red dawn. I don't know if you ever saw the movie where they look out the window and all of a sudden they're getting invaded. People are parachuting into the parking lot, right? It's not, it's a biological incident. That's exactly, I think it's so with the very, very important caveat, just because I know some of those little mystery others, I'm not saying it's a bio weapon or anything like that. Okay. I'm not. Okay. It's a nationally occurring virus, probably.  And the Germans just completely invalidated that where the Nazi blitzkrieg just went around, you know, and it was like a classic example of fighting the last war and then the French just got defeated, right? And, you know, the US military and NATO have been MIA in the pandemic, right? And by the way, you know, people say, oh, you know, Asia had SARS and they were ready and we weren't, I'm like, the US had an anthrax scare in 2001, right? Number one.  Atlantic and the Pacific, you have all these aircraft