 All right, guys, bang, bang. I'm super excited about this. I feel like we are going to one, explain what the hell the Federal Reserve is and why it's important. And then we can get into all the nuances of this crazy, chaotic, economic time that we're in. So thanks so much for doing this, man. Hey, Anthony, how's it going? Doing all right. How are you? You're in San Diego, right?  I started a big brokerage firm, managed a lot of money on a big team there, left the firm. I just didn't agree with a lot of the philosophy of the big firms and ran a hedge fund basically for like six years during the financial crisis. And in the last like, I mean, really what happened with my career was odd in that coming out of the financial crisis, I wrote a lot of research  mainstream narratives, I was basically saying back then that QE would actually cause a little bit of deflation, that it would make interest rates go down. So it was, a lot of it was kind of counterintuitive and luckily ended up being mostly right. But my whole career kind of transformed coming out of the financial crisis because of that. And so my focus now is mainly conservative sort of fixing  We're gonna go to inflation, maybe even hyperinflation. Why did you think that QE potentially could cause deflation? And how does that actually work from a mechanism standpoint? Well, it was interesting. Back then, I actually knew a bunch of guys that worked, friends of mine, family friends and a couple of other friends that worked in Amora in Japan. And it was interesting when they had  stock market go up. Their argument basically was that it is marginally deflationary because what they're basically doing, the Fed is creating money. Okay. So they're creating central bank reserves and basically swapping though they're purchasing a, like a treasury bond or a mortgage backed security from the private sector. And what that basically is, is it's a clean asset swap. Basically the, the Fed prints a reserve swaps it for a treasury bond, but the crucial thing  the money out of the, or the treasury bonds out of the private sector and they bury them in the backyard or something. But the kicker with it was that what they're really doing when they do this is they're taking interest income out of the private sector. And so the private sector's incomes actually go down. So in a sense, it's kind of like, it's like they've swapped a checking account for a savings account, expecting there to be like some sort of big rush to go, you know,  It engages in a lot of this funny business with the economy that doesn't really do all of the things that a lot of people seem to think it does. So, okay. This is interesting, right? Because I actually think that, uh, we may agree on the funny business. My perspective is just like, they shouldn't do it. I think your perspective is like, Hey, they're doing it, but it doesn't have the impact everyone thinks it has. Would it be fair to say that you agree they should do it or you're in the camp of they should not be doing that stuff?  The Fed is basically just clearing house. So they clear payments for banks. They're the banker for the banking system basically. And in periods like 2008, the banking system starts to shut down and that becomes problematic because if me and you can't clear a payment because JP Morgan and Bank of America are scared of each other, then it causes all these negative knock on effects that your business could start to fail or potentially shut down.  It's scared of each other. So that's the Fed's primary role and they do all this other stuff that is sort of tangentially supportive of the banking system, but Isn't really always necessary like I would say that QE2 QE3 all the other iterations I would say even though the version they're doing now probably a big waste of time Probably not having a very big impact on anything really and probably  over the last, you know, really kind of 12 years or so, but even a little bit before that, the idea of quantitative easing has not only become accepted, we went from emergency measures to now it's, hey, this is part of what they're going to do at certain times. And I guess the big question most people have, right, so some of the listeners have zero clue how the Fed actually, quote unquote, prints money and then injects it into the economy.  the new loan by having deposits necessarily or multiplying their deposits or anything like that, they're literally creating a new loan agreement from thin air. And so that deposit alone creates a deposit from thin air and it's only backed by whatever the agreement underlying that is that we have some income and maybe some assets that are backing the loan or whatever it is. But the loan itself and the deposit, the new deposit that is created is  the market.  a lot of fear, uncertainty, and kind of this liquidity crisis. Everyone sold off assets because they wanted dollars, right? So you get a strengthening dollar, you get asset prices that fall. The Fed then has to step in and try to stabilize markets and drive a recovery, right? And the way that they've done that is obviously they dropped interest rates. And then they basically came in with these monetary, you know, really bazookas, if you will, where they just started saying, hey, we're going to print trillions of dollars, right? And there's two schools of thought.  the most hotly debated thing going on. Weirdly, I increasingly find that people seem to have this view that it's virtually impossible for the government to create inflation. I think that we sort of have it burned in our brains after the impact of the financial crisis and just falling interest rates in general for 30 years and ever rising national debt that the, everyone sort of seems to be in this mindset that we somehow can't create  It doesn't really matter in my view whether they took the Treasury could literally if they if they wanted to change some rules in Congress the Treasury could go out and print all the money they wanted to I mean the actual printing press is in the Treasury It's part of the Bureau of engraving So it's not even part of the Federal Reserve to begin with the Fed just kind of distributes the money that Treasury creates so if the Treasury wanted to just go out and dump a trillion dollars in the middle of  and a US dollar is very, very minimal. There's no signs of a lack of demand for treasury bills. If anything, I think that given that the US dollar is the reserve currency, there's an extremely high demand for liquidity and bills and currency in general. So the whole financing narrative to me is kind of incorrect. And it's important, I think, to understand that because what the treasury is doing is humongous.  to support the banking system for the most part and I think a lot of people missed the fact that while the Fed was doing some big stuff the Treasury was doing arguably even bigger stuff and that's where I think the risk of inflation if there's going to be a risk of inflation going forward that's where it's going to come from it's going to come from the Treasury not the Fed. So if I remember the numbers correctly I think that we were targeting like a  I mean, the, so you have two sides of a balance sheet here and in a healthy normal economy, the private sector's balance sheet is always growing. So the assets are always growing and the liabilities are growing. There's nothing inherently bad about debt in and of itself. I mean, if you're, if you're out there borrowing and you're investing it in things that are productive and innovative and you know, really useful sources of,  So I think a lot of consumers have it in their mind that that debt is always bad. And the reality is that a lot of debt is actually very productive, that a lot of debt is used for good purposes and it helps create the assets that make the whole economy basically functioning and sustainable in the long run. I mean, the whole reason the dollar is the reserve currency is because for the most part, US businesses and US consumers and households have been incredibly innovative and productive over the  resources. And so it's all kind of intertwined in this sort of complex way. And what's weird about what the government does that is so different from what the private sector does is that the government debt also grows in aggregate over time. And you look at that like a trend of like household debt, it never goes down really. In the long run, it should always go up. I mean, household debt should basically always go up because  real estate inflation and in the reactor because in to large degree banks created too much money. It chased too few homes. You had this big boom, but then the kicker is that thing deflates over time. That doesn't always happen with the government because the government oftentimes isn't actually allowing any sort of market mechanism. There's no competitive force that forces  is being created out of thin air and being spent and financed. And it's basically, we're basically just paying people to sit around and do nothing for the most part, to stay home, literally. So it's a really weird environment to think about just because you have all these supply chains that are being cut off. And the basic math of like, any basic monetarist view of supply and demand here is that  tail raising rates and trying to catch up with all this stuff way after the fact. So yeah, what's interesting I guess is so if we go back to the deficit for a second, there's almost this element of like at the same time that they're going to drastically increase the national debt, they're also going to lose on revenue as well. So you see this much more at the state and local level obviously, but even at the federal level, there is some lost revenue there because just commerce has stopped, right?  A big part of government support during downturns is that governments run bigger deficits in part because their tax revenues decline. So their revenues decline and their spending increases at the same time. So you see this in a huge way right now, especially with the way that the CARES Act was structured, that the government's running these $2,400 a month of extra uninsurance benefits or unemployment benefits. And so what's happened now is that not only,  And so there's sort of a natural ebb and flow. And I would argue that to a large degree, I don't want to give people the impression that I think that all of this is bad. I mean, I actually think that when the government imposes a lockdown on most of the private sector economy, I think they have a responsibility to pay people to some degree to continue to be able to survive. And you can't tell everybody that the economy  six more months or 12 more months and everyone's sort of locked down for that period, you're going to have a really devastating economic impact because the whole financial system, it's just not designed for people to, for instance, not be able to pay their rents for like three or four months in a row. And you start having this big knock on effect over time where you're not just going to see the banking system start to kind of buckle.  is really starting to go away as it kind of looks like it might be at this point, then I think you have a serious chance of three, four, 5% inflation in the next few years that the Fed is going to be chasing to grapple with. Whereas if this thing lasts for another six to 12 months, all inflation bets are off. The government won't be able to spend enough money to offset the hugely deflationary effect of all the defaults. Yeah. So there's a number of things there that  What a lot of people understand is, hey, there is a downstream effect, right? All of a sudden I can't sell goods to a customer, right? And I can't pay my rent and kind of all of those issues that go downstream. But also there's also an upstream effect. It's almost like a dam in a river, right? Because now all of a sudden your suppliers got nobody to sell to. They can't go actually buy the raw goods anymore. And you get kind of a bi-directional impact by simply shutting down or breaking that chain of that circle. And so to me, it feels like  where this all starts to get really interesting is I think as a sort of like short term, almost a bridge loan, there was a lot of, it makes a lot of sense for the government to be, I think highly involved in the short term. They shut down the economy, they basically tell everybody they can't operate and they say, look, we're gonna create a bridge basically here so that people will at least be able to sort of get by in the short term.  And if you don't have that, then you operate in a lot of ways like a third world economy does, where a lot of third world economies have problems with high inflation, not just because they have sort of corrupt governments, but in large part because they just don't have the underlying productive base to support the increases in the finances that you often see in these countries. And so the longer and longer that this thing  this thing or maybe this thing is just going to be part of our lives for the rest of our lives. I don't know if it's going to maybe be some sort of seasonal thing or are these sorts of viruses going to be something that, you know, occur more often. I think people are starting to kind of consider that and say, look, to some degree, we were at the point where we now start to, we need to start weighing the economic impact of all of this, which is very, very real and very, very hurtful to millions and millions of people.  And then it starts to become pretty reasonable for people to start saying, okay, we can do this methodically and reasonably, but a lot of us need to start getting back to life and producing stuff. How do you think about, and I'll caveat this, I know that this is highly controversial for a lot of people, right? But I do think it's an important conversation. How do you think about almost like the math equation between the loss of life and the economic impact?  I don't know, man. I mean, that is, I can get in trouble in a lot of ways answering this question. And I'm completely caveatting the conversation because I actually don't think that there's a right answer. It's more of like, don't, I don't know, like, if we're an answer more of like, what is the mental, uh, I get it. I, um, it's funny. I've been trying to work through a way to write about that without, I mean, cause here's the thing. I mean, when someone dies, I mean, it's just,  are quantifiable ways or non-quantifiable ways, they've gone down. So it's, to a lot of people, it just depends on your perspective. I think that we're getting to a point, I think, in this whole crisis where the economic impact so far has not been that great. I think that the government has been able to  and feel like an actual depression. And the more and more it starts to feel like that, the more and more people are going to start to realize that, yeah, 50, a hundred million people out of work is, that is a quantifiable, hugely disastrous, multi-decade damaging type of event that will have a meaningful impact that is  but here is unemployment plus an extra $600. Here's a stimulus check. You know, here's the PPP loan. These various kind of programs that they're putting in place for an individual, it may not completely mitigate it, but it at least allows them not to go from I was employed to now I have zero income. Right. And that's where you're getting some of that blunting of the economic impact. Exactly. Yeah. So they're, you know, they're providing, I mean, in a lot of ways it's, it's sort of like a tax  the early part of next year. Well, like let's talk about that a little bit, right? Because I've heard this number of times and the math that I've seen at least definitely checks out that there is a good portion of unemployed that are now making more unemployment than they would have if they had kept their job. And how do you think about one, the ability for the government basically to say, okay, go back to your job where you make less money? And two, how does that change the incentive structure? Because to me, it's almost like, does that say more about our unemployment?  I honestly, I kind of think that's bogus in that I don't think there's a lot of people who are going to quit their jobs to get $2,400 until July 31st with the certainty that when August 1st rolls around, they're not gonna have any money coming in. But there is a weird thing where the longer and longer the government sort of guarantees everything,  had, I think it was from Pozle at some point, to pay $2,000 a month, every month, until we got back to GDP levels that were pre-pandemic level. And so that could be literally two or three years of every single American getting basically a UBI check, right? They can call it whatever they want, but very much down the path of UBI. Is that a three months? And if they have a kind of a hard stop date, we're still okay. Six months, 12 months, like how far can they go?  you know, the long-term impact of all of this stuff. I mean, me personally, I find it hard to believe that you could, you could implement something like a job guarantee or UBI and have no inflationary impact or no change in incentive structures. I just don't see how that makes sense. I mean, if you could make, if you can make a living wage and you could earn something, you know, like median income or  The United States is not going to run out of money. So this, the whole idea of the government sort of financing it spending through bonds is, is sort of misleading. The government finances it spending by having non-government creditors. And we finance the government basically at the rate of inflation. The rate of inflation is the cost of the government doing its own business. And so,  is obviously true. I mean, they can finance, they could finance a hundred trillion dollars tomorrow if they wanted to, treasury could print it up and dump it on the, on the street. The, the kicker is what is the cost of that in real terms? What is going to be the inflationary impact of that? And that's the, that's the thing that is really hard to wrap your head around. Cause it's, it's funny, especially in the last like 10, 20 years, you know, especially mainstream  and able to do it to a large degree. And so I think the weird thing is I don't think anybody really knows what causes inflation or inflation is just so much more complex than a lot of people seem to make it out to be. And it's not just this simple mechanism where the Fed creates some money through QE or the treasury runs a deficit and you automatically get inflation. So I want to talk about a couple of very extreme examples.  or your P&L and on the other side, just like go at it. I'm assuming that you disagree one with that and also two, it's the long-term effect, which is kind of how do you think about that extreme argument? And then we'll flip around and talk about the other side of it. Yes. So this is like one of the big pieces of like the MMT narrative that I think is very, very wrong. This idea that they, they like to claim that taxes don't fund spending. Um, that because the government has a printing press that they,  And so you need the stuff to make the money valuable. It's putting the cart before the horse to get that backwards. And so in terms of the government and its tax revenues, the government needs tax revenues because it needs underlying output that generates the income that makes everything valuable. So it's like, I like to think of the government basically  and supports the underlying credit issuance. Because that's what the government really does. The government is just a big issuer of credit. And the essential aspect of credit is that people need to, to some degree, believe that that credit is valuable in the long term. Otherwise, there's no reason for them to want to hold it. And when you have an economy that starts to produce less or just over time start to grow,  don't step in, don't intervene, let boom and bust cycles occur and your intervention is actually causing bigger problems. And so quantitative easing is not needed and kind of all of the other programs. How do you think through that argument? There's some truth to that and it's probably, there's probably too many generalizations. Like going back to the earlier example of why the Fed is a thing.  are for the most part, very, very good things because they oversee the credit issue, it's in the economy in a competitive manner in a way that the government doesn't or would not do if the government was running the whole banking system. The problem with private banking is that during periods like 2008 or the thing that really kicked off the Fed's creation was the panic of 1907 when the whole banking system  how that banking system to exacerbate everything into a depression just because they get scared of each other. So the Fed's core operational reason for existing to me makes a lot of sense that in a period like 2008, the Fed did basically its core job really well. All the tangential stuff, the changing interest rates and the QE stuff, that was all tangential to the fact that they actually kept the banking system really liquid.  because putting out fires isn't very profitable. It's hard to make money, putting your employees at risk in that way and getting people to collectively pay insurance to pay for a fire department and stuff like that. War is the same sort of thing. War has an inherently negative net present value because it's expensive to build things that get blown up and go out and kill your workforce. It's hard to make money running an operation like that. So capitalists don't wanna do these things that have a sort  to sort of impact the positive net present value business structure of the real economy in a way that starts to alter it to a degree that has a negative long-term impact. And I think that, you know, it's funny like going back to interest rates. Like I think that for the most part, the way the Fed changes interest rates in my view is for the most part misguided. I mean, I think that the Fed should basically  a real savings rate on something like treasury bills. And the whole thing would kind of be automated. So there is merit to these arguments where people say that the Fed is sort of sticking their finger in the air and kind of trying to predict things that they're not very good at predicting. And in a lot of ways, probably, if they're not making things worse, they're not necessarily making things any better. I believe it to be true that the Fed has never  you would think that, you know, you look at some of this stuff and you see how bad some of these people are predicting these things. And you say, well, maybe we just shouldn't be trying to predict these things. Maybe we should, maybe it does actually make sense to automate some of these things or, you know, take them out of the hands of people who, you know, just are never going to be capable of predicting these things in the first place. For sure. And so if we keep going down this thread a little bit, like how do you think about the world if we didn't have the right  on effects that would have caused, I mean, I remember talking to one of my best friends in DC who is an attorney, runs a big practice out there. And he said that he almost lost his revolving line of credit. He has a revolving line of credit that he pays most of his employees with. He said he almost lost his revolving line of credit because Washington Mutual started going through all their turbulence. And he said, luckily, that the government stepped in and  in a lot worse shape. The hard thing to quantify is with all this stuff is the counterfactual. I mean, what is the, are you better off in the long run by supporting these things and not letting things kind of get worse when you think they're gonna get worse or when they are getting worse versus if you actually support everything  to a lot of those arguments. I really think there is. I think that there's also merit to the idea that the government should support certain things, that the government, there's a rational argument for the government to support the banking system when JP Morgan and Bank of America just don't trust each other. My friends shouldn't go out of business because JP Morgan is a bad business. So it's hard.  that makes the economy less efficient. And I mean, you see this regulations are probably the best example of things like that, that have good intentions and probably hurt aggregate economic performance meaningfully in the long run. And a lot of government policy is like that. So it's again, kind of going back to trying to quantify the impact of all this, it's hard. It depends on what your value judgment is of a lot of this stuff.  Or is it just kind of like the Fed, they're just guessing as to what they think will work? Yeah, I mean, God, this particular environment to me is just so unusual because I, the thing to me is that there's no one to blame for this thing.