 Thanks for having me, man. Good to see you. Yeah, for sure. For those that don't know you, let's just start background, kind of where you grew up, and then we'll get into the founding story of Lux. Born in Cali, parents split when I was three, moved to Coney Island, Brooklyn, which I consider home, and grew up there, sort of a mixed-person family.  And then when you get into the professional world, like nobody really talks about it, but you still post all of the music and everything. And it's just like, look, like that's who he is. That's literally the generation he grew up in. Right. Either that's a nice way of saying you're old or no, it's true. It's, it's, I actually think for, you know, what we do when we do venture capital is, um, is very akin to trying to find, you know, the next new band or artist you're, you're looking on the outskirts. I've always been trying to find a way to, you know,  you know, a future status that you get when you're like, oh, I knew this, you know, I was listening to this before everybody else. So I think that's sort of the hit that, you know, you keep getting, but it happens to be that the music in my mind is just better. The tones, the discordance, it's sort of more emotionally resonant with my own psychology than, you know, Beatles pop music. How much of that do you think is like personal preference, right? So, hey, I just tend to like this type of music versus you actually actively made a decision to go seek out maybe music that other people didn't like. I think it was an emotional  death tones and was raging against the machine, maybe it was helmet. Now I get to indoctrinate my kids with this, which is really funny. Now they don't share the same emotional discordance that I had. My whole life was geared towards making them grow up in a pop music kind of world. But I love when it just gets like super mellow, mellow, mellow and it just explodes with like raging emotion. So whether that's a crazy riff and heavy metal or just dropping an insane beat in hip hop, it's the same sort of thing. For sure.  wanted to jump into a venture. Well, part of it is probably intellectual ADD. I mean, the beautiful thing about ventures, you get to focus on a million different things. And usually it's driven by the brilliant people who are constantly pursuing something new and cutting edge out of their own, either greed or quest for status or fame or money or whatever it might be. So that was sort of the driving impetus. Science for me is interesting because it's the endless frontier. So no matter what we discover, every time that you expand the circumference of what's known, it just basically also expands the circumference  99% of these things would fail, 1% would go on and change the world and make fortunes, a priority very hard to pick who that would be. But we said, let's focus on an area where other people weren't. And we basically looked at the cascading S curves throughout the history of venture capital, where every 10 or 15 years, some secular wave in a technology field, 1970s PCs, 1980s biotech, 90s telecom and TMT. And we said the next wave might be the physical and material sciences. So let's go to the universities, the government labs, the corporate labs, where those breakthroughs were happening and  is, you know, an order of magnitude higher than your traditional IT exec. And one of the really interesting things I think is that the range of what we do, because it's very interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary, means that we might be working on, you know, something for telescopes and astronomy on one day, and then it turns out that the guy who won a Nobel Prize for something in taking a technique like that is creating a new tool to be able to do real-time imaging inside of cells in biology. And so you're sort of constantly flipping between these fields, and I  So I had a background in molecular bio. I was a published scientist doing immunopathology. I had watched a movie quite literally in the early 90s. I was an early teenager called, and the band played on. And it had this huge formative impact on me. It was about the AIDS crisis. And I was like, I'm going to go be a scientist. I'm going to literally cure AIDS. And this was the naive, absurd thinking. I ended up doing my Westinghouse in a small protein called urokinase and how it evolves in the progression of HIV into full-blown AIDS, particularly in children. And I just banged on the door of a scientist in downstate Brooklyn.  and shoveling snow during the winter and delivering menus in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, because I bet it all on a company called Iomega. And Iomega was like a hard disk drive. I think it might've been involved in fraud, but it was just absolute disaster. But anyway, so I had a little bit of a scientific background, just more on the biological science side. And Peter was journalist background, commander of Syracuse. I went to Cornell. He was at Lehman Brothers in equity research. And I was at Solley in investment banking.  How do you actually think about getting up to speed on a piece of technology or an industry that either you don't know a lot about or you just haven't had the time really to spend to be able to ask the right questions to diligence the right things and do you guys do that or do you actually go to outside sources to help on that diligence? Most of it is outside sources in the forms of both what you can read, you know, somebody else is publishing something synthesizing what they may know or may have learned and you know, I mean the internet is amazing, right the ability for you to learn something today  and then the other piece is talking to people. And so over time you build a network obviously and we went from, you know, talking to, you know, pretty crappy startups to more serious startups to Nobel prize winning scientists and heads of academic departments. And so most of the time now we're able to triangulate and understand if somebody for real or full of it. And in pretty cutting edge new areas, you know, we could do a six month deep dive and we could have a whole set of views. I mean, I'll give you a perfect example. We started up a conference with a lot of people. We started off with a lot of people.  whose advice or information or insights you're gonna weight more heavily and who you think is just utterly full of it. And that takes time, particularly if you're totally ignorant. So most areas, both by preference and almost by definition, we enter with a very high degree of ignorance. And then our job is to reduce that ignorance, get as smart as we can, ultimately develop a confidence that we think we're smarter than somebody else because either we found something that they haven't found yet or we know more than them. And then when we feel advantaged, we write a pretty big check.  or false even and like how do you sift through that Azure taking all this input of information and trying to really kind of come up with a maybe not a conclusion but actually like a thesis as to how you think the world will move in the future. So a few different things. So on the sort of institution of science itself where there's actually a lot of negative things about institutionalization but science is a process does not depend on a consensus. It just depends on a conjecture. There's evidence, you know based on observations from a hypothesis conjecture.  the board of directors at engineering companies, got famous in many cases for flawed or bad explanations that were widely accepted until some young hotshot, you know, full of piss and vinegar, basically is like, no, I don't think that's the way it works. And then, you know, they upturn it and this process repeats. So there's a predictability to the unpredictability of how science itself advances. When it comes to policy, whether it's, you know, for a city or for a company or for how somebody runs their family or the choices  But it's an endless process because whatever we hold to be tentatively true today is very likely to be overturned in some point in the future by somebody that's just come up with a better explanation. Yeah, and I guess part of this is the science community is pretty aware of this, right? It's part of the process. They're almost trained and have the experience and those around them that have gone through that. The rest of society doesn't have that mindset, right? It's kind of like there is a truth and that truth will forever be true. How when there's things like career  And the other one is psychology and network effects. You know, why some ideas catch on and spread just like a contagion, why they are believed and why, you know, some are outright rejected. You know, so whether you look at it in coronavirus, which you could say, you know, we'll have the post facto explanations of this. We're all easy, you know, Monday morning, quarterbacks and armchair. But, you know, I consider Gates an authority on this, not because he's an expert in infectious disease, but it's a topic that he cares deeply about. And he has said, look, I think it was January,  There are actual scientific facts about what's changing. There's other things that you would say directionally lend itself towards a natural decarbonization of the economy and things like the vaccine movement and the anti-vaxxers. And so there's clear evidence which would suggest that there is a prudent course of action. And there's always a minority or a majority of people that will ignore that evidence and choose not to take that behavior.  can't look at something with an absolute truth and people have sort of varying opinions is going to be a function of, you know, group things, psychology, leadership or the absence thereof. Yeah. And I guess going on that leadership thread for a second, there's probably an overhype narrative that we've got lots of really, really smart people that are going into fields that don't produce lots of materials, you know, products and services or aren't hard science driven. Right. So it's kind of the whole like, hey, everyone's going to build photo apps. Why do we keep  the sort of moral prescription of what people ought to be doing. And then the third is sort of the unintended consequence. And so these will sound sort of mutually exclusive because, you know, like Fitzgerald said, the test of first rate intellect is the ability to hold two opposing ideas in your head at the same time, still retain the ability to function. So I have opposing ideas about this. So let me give you one idea, which is the moral prescription, right? We ought to have more people pursuing more serious things. You know, we even talk about in sort of a self-righteous way  Same thing, you know, video compression, codecs, you know, people wasting away like couch potatoes on Netflix, you know, it is enabling this at the moment. And a priori, none of that was predicted. So I always like to say that, you know, the detritus from one former wave becomes the combinatorial fraud for the next. And, you know, until we look at it post facto, it's not predictable. So a lot of the silly, seemingly trivial or absurd or wasteful things that people are doing today end up being useful later on.  TV in the 60s and 70s. You had it with online chat rooms in the 80s and video games in the 90s and 2000s. And so anytime a parent says it will rot your brain, you know, when you see it now, right, my generation of parents with kids that are sort of tweens or younger, we all embassed screen time. You know, you got to do this digital detox and you have to be in the moment and present. But again, look at our current absurd situation. And these kids are digital natives. They're fluent. They're teaching  on debt and just coming out with no expertise. Don't we need more computer scientists and engineers and people? Well, the market already sort of sets a price because your graduating salary, if you were going into nuclear engineering or you were going into hardcore material science or you were going into CRISPR for biotech, you know, would be much higher than if you were coming out with like just a liberal arts degree or some, you know, marketing degree. And so you're already sort of a subprime credit if you're pursuing the latter. And so I've made the argument, why not  price and wages in the marketplace. And so you'd have a natural sort of filtering function, just letting the market based on salaries dictate where there was need. Five years ago, four years ago, insane demand for artificial intelligence researchers. People that had come out of the nuclear winter and deep learning and convolutional neural nets were suddenly the hottest in demand. And somebody that was making $50,000 or less as a postdoc was suddenly being offered half a million to a million dollars at Google and Facebook. And so that was just insane. And it created a scarcity  resources of humanity goes, you know, prices today are still the best way that we have to signal that to the masses. Yeah. And I guess part of this is how much of that is driven by the individual, right? Understanding that. Like I always joke whenever I talk to a college kid and I literally say, you know, why do you want to go do X? And they'll give me some, you know, usually a non-financial driven reason. And I say, do you know how much that person earns? Have you talked to anybody in that industry? And this is a lack of, I think, education and  you know, that person makes or, you know, no idea, you know, I don't know, like $100 a year. It's like not quite that absurd. But so there's a general ignorance where it's just, you know, what's more interesting? Over time, of course, you have a signal of like, what are other people valuing with their attention? And so a lot of people, you know, take where I grew up in Coney Island, most people wanted to be ballers or rappers because that's what was being celebrated in the community. As a culture, you get what you celebrate, you know, both in a local community, in a small ethnic or demographic group, and as a country of a  ethics and the mendacity. But Elon Musk is a tremendous boon for the entire generation of people that look to both the stars and a brighter future and say, I want to be like that. And so to the extent that figures like him can encourage people to want to pursue science and engineering, it's a beautiful thing. Yeah. So obviously I want to spend some time talking about him. But I guess part of this is you are probably one of the more outspoken people who I believe separates what I'll call the promotion and marketing  going to another planet or to the moon again is a brilliant thing. What we will discover and learn as the sort of entropic exhaust from that that will be useful for society will be huge. It gives people both a sense of purpose and meaning and society generally needs that. So that's a virtue. The talent that has flooded into places like SpaceX and Tesla and Boring and others are brilliant engineers.  and if you think it's fairly valued or undervalued. My main criticism is the, what again, what I would call the mendacity, the relationship with the truth. This is something that, you know, people can't understand. They say, why do you hate Elon? I don't hate Elon. It's not a personal thing. It's a feeling that there's a knowing manipulation of the masses in the same way that I would look at a Sunday preacher. And there are some people that would look at a Joel Austin or a Creflo Dollar or Jim Baker back in the day and say, this guy's amazing.  making enterprise and do it honestly by saying, we are going to do some of the most ambitious thing that man's I've ever seen. And we're going to lose money for a really long time. And if you don't want to be part of that journey, you should not invest. But if you do, you know, I promise it's going to be a wild ride. People would part with their cash, they'd be part of it. And maybe some people have already rationalized that that's what it is. But when you're saying like, we're going to be cashflow positive, and we're profitable, and you're playing with the numbers, and you're trying to induce, you know, certain institutional investors and retirement money, when the stock's going up, and everybody's fine, it's great.  in science and engineering, when you then turn to financials, it's almost like the gift on one side is the curse on the other to some degree? Yeah, I think that's right. But I think that there are other models of people who, you know, do amazing things that are worth celebrating. I mean, I truly believe that Bezos, you know, he's not without his moral transgressions and labor mispractices, and there's lots to, you know, nobody is infallible. But I truly think that his, you know,  Now, of course, he's going to space also, but he's finding it out of his own pocket from profits and cash flow that have been generated from a business that has never raised equity capital, you know, since their IPO in the case of Amazon. So I admire that much more because I feel like it's rooted in sort of a grounded ethics and execution that is really rare. Yeah. And so one of the questions somebody sent me that I thought was fantastic was if you took over as CEO of the company,  documented. But I think Tesla needs Elon to be able to be a visionary. And I wrote this letter, which he sort of semi-famously farted at on Twitter, which was, were I on your board, this is what I would do. And it was mostly give him the permission to fail, meaning let him restructure, get rid of the debt, raise the capital that he needs, take a breath, be honest. And I think that would just be a wonderful reset. And I said, in that letter, then I would be table-poundingly long Tesla.  when they come in, right? I mean, they're telling us something that doesn't yet exist. And then we have to hold them to task and accountable. How much capital is going to accomplish what in what period of time? And then we put more money in. And the ambitions of what some of these guys are doing is just, you know, insane, right? I mean, we have people that are launching rockets, we have satellites up in space, we've got autonomous systems that are out at the rogue 100 foot waves in the ocean. I mean, people are doing crazy stuff, but most importantly, they're doing it honestly. And the day that they lie to us about something to try to induce us to part with our cash,  science and engineering and it's much more kind of the let me impart my knowledge and I've got this great, you know, financial returns and and we've kind of seen some similarities both that ended up being fraudulent and some that actually ended up being perfectly fine. Kind of how do you think through evaluating a situation like that where there's tons of rumors but nothing that's necessarily concrete data or proven and it's unlikely that anyone will ever  global macro occurrences, relationships between fixed income and a variety of different asset classes, portfolio construction, risk. I think they understand all of that and they publish it brilliantly. I think the vast majority of them, if close to all of them have never seen a P&L and are involved in anything in actual execution of trades. My basic view is it has been a levered long bond scheme that has benefited from a generational decline of interest rates. And I think the cult of personality and a little bit of red velvet rope  My view generally is when somebody is criticizing you, being open kimono or just putting up the numbers generally shuts up the critics. And that's true of Elon. It might be true of Ray. I don't know. But when you attack critics, it's generally a red flag. Yeah. And so I guess part of this is going back to this idea of science not being consensus. A lot of what you do is you're basically finding people who believe  to me is like super attractive. Right. I mean, it's, it's again, going back to art and music. It's, it's the underdog. It's the person that nobody's really listening to. And we like to say that we like to believe before others understand. Now that doesn't mean unconditionally, you know, credulity is a great master that leads to fraud. And so, you know, we're all washing our hands, you know, wearing masks because of a madman or somebody that was deemed to be a madman in the 1800s in Vienna, which was Ignace Semmelweis who said, you know,  But you know, this guy nearly 200 years ago, 150 years ago, you know, was committed to an insane asylum and beaten to death. So we like the outsiders because when they are right, now, of course, there's tons of crazy people, right? And they're just wrong. But if you're an outsider and you're rejected by the mainstream, and particularly if the mainstream has something to lose that they're threatened by, that's a really valuable proposition. So we're constantly looking for that. Now, sometimes we've made bets on people who are a little bit fringe and they're a little bit out there and they're just wrong. So how do we protect ourselves from that? It's, of course, funding to milestones. If we fully fund a company, you know, then  And there's lots of examples of this, whether you think about lighting that we went from, you know, fire on torches to incandescent bulbs to LEDs. We are not going back to offices with sconces and torches. We're not going from horses to horse drawn carriages to cars to electric vehicles to autonomous vehicles, you know, to have horse shit, you know, in the streets again. It's just not going to happen. So there's an inevitable directional arrow of progress. Same thing in computing, going from mechanical spitting drives to solid state drives. And when you can identify those  And whereas you pay a high price for a cheery consensus, you also get a very great deal when nobody else believes. And so if you take a company like Control Labs, you know, this was something that to us felt like a directional arrow of progress where you had what I call this half-life of technology intimacy. 50 years ago, you interacted with a giant mainframe, you physically went up to it. 25 years ago, you had a laptop or rather a desktop and you tickled the keys and you touch the button on the front monitor and you flip the back, you know, beige box.  But gesture is the next thing. You know, I'm sitting here and I'm talking, I'm wildly gesticulating as I speak. Most of what is capturing gesture today are three dimensional cameras, which going back to part of our, you know, the things we discussed earlier came out of the video game movement, you know, with Microsoft Connect and Dance Dance Revolution. And so when I got introduced to Reardon, who was the founder of Control Labs, here's a guy that's building a brain machine interface without any implantables and was going to detect from the surface  that the way that we would be interacting with our computers would be first by gesture, that I would be able to swipe in free space like a Sorcerer's Apprentice, and then soon without even having to actually make a gesture just by thinking of moving, I could be able to control my devices. Well, most of the people we spoke to said, oh, that's got to be like 20 years out, like there's no way that'll work. And then once you see that this thing is working, you know, ah, I've got information arbitrage. I know something that the rest of the world doesn't know and they won't know until we tell them kind of thing is the perfect setup.  I always thought the primacy of technology, which to me is the interesting thing. Like, can you do something or purport to do something? Have you invented something that is like the secret sauce that has the castle with a moat around it with knives and sharks and bombs that nobody else can attack? Because if you've got this thing, everybody else is like, oh, it's so not fair. They've got that thing. But the thing that I've learned over nearly two decades is that the thing that I've learned over the past three years is that I've learned over the past three years is that I've learned over the past three years.  And start anew to convince investors to part with their capital, to convince journalists that their scarce ink is deserved to be spent on you, to convince a big company who's going to take a risk on a no name, no reputation startup to become a contracted partner. I mean, that all comes down to the people. Yeah, it's super fascinating. You guys were very early, obviously, to nanotechnology, deep tech, whatever you want to call it now. What do you think are the next area? So that next generation of investors that are coming in  And so whether that is modeling in silico and then being able to produce drugs or design proteins or shorten a drug discovery cycle, the tools that you have computationally developed mostly for other IT purposes, reaching into the biotech realm is just absolutely accelerating that in a really interesting way. And it turns me on because you have some proprietary technologies and the markets happen to be huge because if you can repurpose an old drug more quickly or get something to do with it,  There's some interesting pattern that has emerged. And the interesting pattern, when I look at a company like Matterport, Matterport was taking 3D scans, cameras from Microsoft Connect, basically assembling them into a module, doing a rapid scan of a physical space, and then using software on the back end to stitch these things together so that you could basically have a video game, you know, Doom-like walkthrough of a three-dimensional space, and then extrapolate into a dollhouse view. And it was just like this beautiful, cool thing. Okay, what's the big deal? Useful for real estate, static images, you know,  On the one hand, the ability to capture reality with technology and tools is getting better and better than ever before with higher resolution, higher speed. So that is sort of point number one. Point number two is the ability to model and simulate what you have captured. Now, when you have these two layers, the capture and then the model and simulate, then you have a computational layer between these two things that are talking to each other. And this turns me on because it's this basic idea of consciousness and how we now  I'd be like, oh, I wasn't expecting that. And so I update my priors in like this Bayesian inference. And so a lot of our computers in the machines from autonomous vehicles to sell drones to drones in the sky, to defense systems are doing that. They have a model of the world based on capture. They're making predictions. Then they're interacting with the world based on sensors and then constantly iterating between these two things. That feedback between the hardware of capture, the software of simulation and the computer  what people would consider important. One area of biotech that's super interesting to me is genetic editing. What are you guys seeing there? What kind of work have you done or found that smart people are working on? So two things that we've done. There's a new code that my partner Adam Goldberg, who's a PhD stem cell biologist, has stood up with one of our venture partners, Ian Paikon. Ian was a founding scientist of a company in the Lux portfolio called Caliope, which is focused on the gut-brain axis.  specific organ or cell segment inside the body. So that's one area that I think is very interesting in genetic engineering, because even if you can prove that you can use CRISPR or variant of it in the lab or in Petri dishes or in mice, it doesn't really extend to humans and you're going to need the delivery vehicles and vectors to be able to do that. Second area, which I alluded to before, which again was really inspired by science fiction, is going to the outlier regions of the world and trying to find outlier individuals, quite literally mutants.  who have very low cholesterol, even though they eat a very high fat diet. People only need one or two hours of sleep of metabolism. People who have very high oxygen saturation rates, but have very high altitudes like the Sherpas. And so we put together a team in a company called Variant that is focused on going to these outlier regions, particularly people that are not pale, male, stale, white Europeans. So not people that have been sequenced by 23andMe and Regeneron and Genentech and Roche. And they're going to Pakistan,  where you're actually taking DNA sequencing and trying to come back to a lab and then the thought process is how do we now scale this to bring to other humans or is it something where you actually start with, no let's go find people who have very low oxygen capabilities and like let's solve healthcare issues before we get into things that would be considered more like nice to have like almost cosmetic type applications of genetics. Yeah well I think the moral underpinning is how do you reduce human suffering and so the bias ought to be  partnering with some of these local communities. So the thing about this particular company that I really admire is the first two people were computational geneticists that were founders. They came out of Cold Spring Harbor. And the CEO, which is going to be announced pretty eminently, has actually come from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation around a huge program there. And the second and third person that they hired after that was a cultural ethicist, a cultural anthropologist and an ethicist. So the cultural anthropologist, because when you approach all these  when approached is, you know, no thank you. So I think these guys will end up with a competitive advantage because of just the approach of how thoughtful and considerate they are in approaching all of these indigenous populations. Yeah, and then something like that, like how much of it is, I'll call it simple, but that's frankly not fair to the team there. Hey, people in Nepal that are stripers have high oxygen capabilities. Most people would guess that's probably true versus there's somebody somewhere in the world who has great eye vision in dark circumstances.  and understand whether something is because of a monogenic condition or because of some interaction between nature and nurture between the environment and the genetics. In many cases, it may be that something that exists in a particular region really is turned on because of the epigenetics the gene makes for some proteins that are expressed because of something in the environment that doesn't occur if you were to port it somewhere else. I mean, you see this kind of thing, for example, very naturally sickle cell anemia many times  The interaction between biology, environment, where we are on the planet, the specific geography, it's so complex.