 The Bitcoin Having  business and it just happened to come across the Bitcoin white paper a number of years ago. And once I read it, I realized it was really fascinating from a computer science standpoint, from an economic standpoint. And just the idea of money as an open collaborative project was very interesting to me. So started doing some side projects in the Bitcoin space. And after a couple of years realized there was enough VC money that I could just get paid  It's the same thing that we hear with a lot of people is I'll never actually remember the first time I heard about Bitcoin because I dismissed it three or four times before I actually read about it and realized what an innovative new solution this was. Because really I had never thought about money before. I'd never thought about who controls these systems. And it wasn't until probably the third or fourth time. I think it was a Slashdot article that I  that needed to be done. And so that was just the beginning of my journey. And we're still in the early days and there's still a lot of work to be done. For sure. And then what kind of gave you the confidence, right? There's a lot of people who will, they'll read the white paper, they'll talk to a friend and it's like, Hey, this is interesting, but it's super speculative. And maybe I want to, you know, take kind of 1% of all the money that I have and I'll see what it's about and put a little money in. You, me, many others,  to play with it in order to better understand how it works. It wasn't until two or three years later, after I had multiple projects and I had been using it on a regular basis, that I actually decided that this was something that even though it was risky, I actually wanted to make a large financial commitment. And that's when I went to the trouble of figuring out how to turn my retirement money into a self-directed IRA so that I could hold a real Bitcoin in a tax-advantaged account.  about the technical aspects and more about the human underpinning of all of the people like myself who were just frankly not going to give up on this. We're not going to let it die. And that's kind of the mantra that I've come to believe is that, you know, Bitcoin can't fail unless there is a consensus amongst all of us to allow it to fail. Yeah, it's, it's this nuanced version. I think a lot of people when they see it,  time where hyperinflation kind of breaks the belief of people that it's a store of value and it fails. It sounds like you're saying the same thing here. It's just with a digital currency called Bitcoin rather than any other currency in the world. Yeah. It's great though. The, the halving event that's happening today. While I don't believe that in and of itself, this is a major economic or financial catalyst. What it is is evidence that the real  Some of it though comes from personal experience. One of those things is the now infamous swatting story. Maybe just kind of for those that don't know that story, quickly tell what happened there and then we can get into some of the things that you've done in your life and lifestyle to change and kind of prevent yourself from this weird digital world that's coming. Yeah, you know, one of the more insane things about this space is how quickly it grows and how a  changed my life. Not really so much from the monetary standpoint, but more of just going from being some nobody software coder who randomly blathers about libertarian stuff and cryptocurrency on Twitter to a guy who has, you know, six figures of followers on Twitter. And that is really no different from what happens to people who become overnight like  getting attacked in ways that I haven't before. And the thing about the swatting, it only takes one person who knows how to make an anonymous phone call and do some simple online searches to find your physical location to basically target you and send, you know, nation state level attackers to your door who are ready to commit violence. And so that's what happened to me. I basically caught the attention of the wrong person and they  I've discovered how difficult it really is to live on the edge of extreme privacy. And the odd thing is that at least in America, this is feasible if you have the time and money, but in many other countries, it's just not legally possible to protect yourself in the way that you can with various legal entities in the United States. Yeah. And, you know, when you first told me the swatting story, I think, you know, I think that's the point.  I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.  state. So they somewhat knew that it was possibly fake, but of course, like you said, they have to treat every situation like it's life or death. And that is one of the crazy things about this asymmetric attack where someone can spend a few dollars to make an anonymous phone call and get $100,000 worth of taxpayer resources pointed at an arbitrary target. That's just the crazy thing about this space in general is how asymmetric some of the attacks and defenses are. But I'm  And so I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question.  anonymous LLCs that did not have my name listed on them as the owner. And then I use proxies for a number of different things like receiving and sending physical goods. I have other mailboxes set up around the country to receive physical mail. And whenever possible, use third party people, hired proxies to avoid  of all, it took me a while to find what I was looking for. Normally you hire PIs to go after other people who owe you money or somehow harmed you. And so it was pretty rare to ask someone to find yourself. But it worked out pretty well and it allowed me to find a couple of leaks which resulted in me taking more drastic action. The most drastic actually being around my driver license  and deeper down this rabbit hole, the more you realize there's a trade-off between privacy and convenience. After everything you went through, is that the biggest hurdle for other people to do this, just the convenience and kind of the capital needed? Or is it a knowledge gap? Like, why doesn't everyone go do this? Yeah, so it adds friction to many points of your daily life to do this.  of step-by-step instructions for what you need to go through. Now, the initial onboarding part, if you're, first of all, you have to be willing to pretty much completely burn down your life, sever all ties with your current physical addresses, and start over again. And so you'll easily spend several months doing that. But once you get through that, I would say the ongoing maintenance is not nearly as bad.  see if it would work, see if I would be able to hide myself in that way. But there are different levels of this, right? You don't need to go to the extreme that I did. I think that most people would be far better off if they simply do a weekend of improving their technical privacy and figuring out how to set up ad blockers and VPNs and just obscuring their day-to-day web traffic.  send money without having to ask permission, then that means you can't have any middlemen that are sitting in there watching everything that you do and then potentially blocking what you're doing. The privacy aspect, I mean, privacy and security are both very complicated things to quantify because there's a million different variables and you have to usually start at the beginning and say, well, what is your threat model? What are you trying to protect yourself against?  you're hoping and trusting that they will keep that secure. So over years and years that you've interacted with thousands or tens of thousands of different third parties, then the likelihood that one of them is going to get hacked is going to leak that information basically, you know, approaches one, 100%. And so that is why that's the hard part is preventing that information from leaking in the first place. And why I've gone to the extreme of having, you know,  of this, when people hear you say fake information, how much of this is hard to do but legal versus not legal but worth the privacy, right? And legal, really what I'm trying to get at is to have you clarify how much of this can be done by a regular individual who's not worried about or who has no desire  where at least in America, and you know, I'm not a lawyer, so don't check with your own attorney. Again, I've spent a lot of time and money on attorneys myself with all of this. At least in America, if you're not signing a legal contract or a legal document, or you're not engaging in some sort of activity with a government agency, then you can absolutely lie about your name and your identity. Like it's not a crime to give a false  and many fake addresses out into the internet and hoping that they get sucked up by all of these information engines to then create a smokescreen that makes it almost impossible for someone to figure out what is the real information. The alias that you're using, don't tell me what it is obviously, but I would love to know is it a ridiculous name or is it a very common name and the reason being I've got  All right, let's get into the custody so obviously Maybe talk a little bit just about not your keys not your coin What that means to you and we can get into what you guys are doing at Casa Yeah, so, you know Bitcoin is an asset of a form that we've never really seen before it has Properties of many different assets you could say it's some sort of hybrid of all of these things but it definitely seems to be unique in the specific  and send it, for example, over the internet at practically the speed of light. But the ownership asset is a very important attribute for people to understand because of the way that all these other digital online accounts work today. Most people are, they're used to just going to their bank or PayPal or some other third party financial service and logging in and doing whatever they need there. And, and it's done. But if you're, for example,  standpoint, you own IOUs to Bitcoin that someone else actually controls. And I think it's important for people to understand this distinction because of the way that the system itself operates. You know, we've created financial infrastructure over the past hundred years that has resulted in a fairly small number of large institutions essentially controlling every  not actually causing harm. And you know, this is where you get into legal gray areas, for example, around like the sex industry or the legal cannabis industry, etc, etc. There's plenty of other examples. But one of the biggest features of Bitcoin is censorship resistance. It is the removal of intermediaries who can block you. There's a famous quote, I think,  these payments regardless of whether or not a government agrees with it or not. And so if we want Bitcoin to really fulfill that promise, if we want people to be able to reduce the power of what these intermediaries can do, then we need to take the power away from them and pull it into the hands of the individuals. And so that's why I want to continue to see more people remove their coins from exchanges and hold their  And I think we've done a great job making strides forward in there. And unfortunately, that's mainly due to very hard lessons that we and others have learned over the years of cataloging everything that you might accidentally do wrong and every way that you might accidentally be tricked into giving your keys, your money to someone else. Yeah. And so maybe talk a little bit about the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the  employees that recently started trying to propagate a new thing where he wants us to say at CASA, we're all about holding your hands, not holding your keys. So, you know, we are non-custodial. We do hold one out of a set of keys for emergency recovery backup purposes, and that is mainly to help people who might shoot themselves in the foot be able to recover  as a mobile app, you know, like Facebook or whatever. So that's really what we've built is we've built a mobile app that is very easy to follow the instructions of how to set up and manage your keys. And we've gotten rid of complex things like having to actually take seed phrases and write them down and figure out how to secure them against physical loss and physical theft. And instead we're leveraging other  that it's okay to send this money. And this is part of the Bitcoin protocol, very standard thing. We're not rolling our own crazy setup or anything. And by having these multiple devices that are holding the multiple keys and then distributing those around different geographic areas, it gives you this level of robustness that eliminates every single point of failure. So I actually truly believe that  a physical bank would be.  We actually pull it back into the physical realm. We say, okay, you're just keeping your keys on this device and you can very easily visualize, you know, where is this device? We actually show, you know, a visualization in the app that says, you know, this is your whole set of devices and we give you reminders to, you know, make sure you check on this one and you perform an integrity check so that we know everything is going well. But ultimately, the best way to think  to outputs and the outputs, they have scripts that are essentially locking them. It says these are the conditions required in order for the money in this particular Bitcoin structure to be spent. And there's a million different things that you can do with the programming language, but what we're doing is very simple, which is we're creating a script that says these are the three different keys that are allowed to sign  So, I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think that's a really cool thing to do. I think  game theory, for example. Ultimately, we want to see Bitcoin continue to be used by more and more people. So, you know, we have dabbled a bit with Lightning Network, where I'm sure going to see more types of payment technology come into play. Who knows what may end up being built on a variety of side chains, for example, and how can we plug those in?  We are also in a way competing against this looming threat of the centralized providers where I know a lot of people are leaving their money on their exchanges simply because they feel like it's better to have it with a team of experts than to take on that responsibility for themselves. I think that this is a larger issue of us needing to start to move society in the direction  with third parties, there will be more hard lessons to be learned. Yeah, it's really interesting, I think, because there's an ethos-driven kind of psychological component to this, and then there's actually executing it, right? And you guys have done a really good job of putting that position. One of the questions that I got from people when I asked on Twitter before we did this was, what is something that you believed in the early days that you have softened  and started having to run a lot of Bitcoin nodes that were then being used by infrastructure that I realized it's not just about the current transaction throughput. It is about the aggregate amount of data that the entire blockchain is storing. And if you allow that to accelerate, then it becomes geometrically, if not exponentially more difficult  So that's actually one of the projects that I do on an annual basis is I re-sync a whole bunch of nodes, not only for Bitcoin, but also for other popular networks, just to compare, to see like which ones are becoming easier to audit and which ones are becoming more difficult to audit. Speaking of other chains, there was, I think every shit-coiner and every intellectually honest person in the comments of my question asking, we know that he's very bullish  I think that that is not being intellectually honest because someone has to pay for it. Ultimately, it's the infrastructure providers. Ultimately, you end up paying for it. And I think that's the key. I think that's the key. I think that's the key. I think that's the key. I think that's the key. I think that's the key. I think that's the key.  a few dozen nodes or whatever on the network, you know, you can run it. It'll probably be fine. But the trade offs are not something that I think the majority of people are going to be willing to accept. For sure. What do you think the biggest risk to Bitcoin adoption is? Well, that has been an easy one for a long time, and it's just simple apathy. This is where it gets really  The current financial system works pretty well for most people in their own perspective. Now, people with different perspectives, people in countries with hyperinflation, you don't even have to sell them on Bitcoin at all. You just tell them, you know, the supply is capped at 21 million and they're sold at that point because they understand, they've had to live through it. Now, the real question which I find interesting to be happening  than taxation. It's like a form of taxation that is very difficult for people to even detect because it happens over a long period of time. I've said a bunch of times before that the financial system is based on 50% or more not understanding how money works. Right, right. It's very much a, you can call it a secret, right? I mean, you can call it whatever you want, but ultimately, not only is taxation, but it's taxation without people  for home defense is a suppressed 45 caliber Chris vector with an extended 30 round magazine. This is subsonic rounds. With the suppressor on there, it's great for home defense because you aren't going to deafen yourself and potentially create an even worse situation if you're not able to tell, you know, where attackers are in your house. It was actually funny story.  What often do you go practice? Are you somebody who does a lot of drills and goes to shoot quite a bit or not so much? Not as often as I've wanted to lately. Running a company makes it a lot harder. And in fact, the weird thing is I've gotten into virtual reality over the past couple of years. And even though it's not quite the same experience, it's so much more convenient for me to walk over one room and pull up a gun range in virtual reality.  Bitcoin that's in China. How do you kind of think through that? Yeah, I mean, it's not optimal if we're thinking about nation state level attacks. But even within China, the actual mining farms are highly distributed. And my understanding is a number of them are really like out in the middle of nowhere, like jungle locations, you know, basically directly plugged into a hydroelectric dam.  with the network and get paid by the network than it is to attack the network. But, you know, assume China has infinite money and for whatever reason they need to kill Bitcoin. The worst that they could really do is either double spend the money that they already have in Bitcoin or simply perform a denial of service attack where they stop confirming transactions and then reorganize away any blocks from other miners who do confirm transactions. So with  actually going against the incentives of the network, then we would need to figure out, you know, what is the best way to respond to this? Is it something that we believe would be able to go on indefinitely? Or should we wait it out? Or should we propose some sort of code change that essentially neuters the existing hashing hardware? Yeah, it's crazy to go down that game theory route. We don't have time to do that today. But I could talk to you about that for days and days.  is not the type of thing that is easy as just flipping a switch and doing it all at once because there's a variety of different methods. And it really comes down to, do you want to stay on the existing network and try to improve the privacy of your UTXOs, your Bitcoins on that network? Are you willing to pay a small exchange fee to exchange to a more privacy  But that is one way that you can do it that will not cost you much money. The problem in general that I have with the various techniques that you need to improve privacy is that you have to take your coins out of cold storage. If you're doing mixing, you need to put them into some sort of mixing software like Join Market or Wasabi or Samurai Dojo. And those coins need to be hot. They need to be on an internet connected device potentially for days, depending on  possibly move it around a little bit on there and then maybe eventually you also want to atomic swap it back. But ultimately what you're trying to do is you're trying to break those links and it's hard to do that if you're not technically sophisticated. Will that change over time? I certainly hope so especially with like the next major upgrade that we're going to be getting when we see snore signatures which  It seems to me like someone should build a mixer on liquid that is a confidential transaction mixer. So I don't know why anyone wouldn't do that. Maybe we just need to properly incentivize people. Three questions to end it for you. What would have to happen for you to change your mind on Bitcoin? Like what is the one or two things that could occur where you would throw your hands up and say, this isn't going to play out how I thought or  I think it would still continue to exist. It would still operate, but probably at a much lower price because the size of the network would shrink. And it would be a completely different adversarial situation, especially for me because I'm well known. And even though I have a great level of privacy, like government could find me if they really wanted to. Otherwise, I think,  But other than that, like I really, I continue to think that the most likely way for Bitcoin to die is through apathy. And, you know, if it stagnates for years on end and, you know, people stop contributing to it, stop trying to make it better, that's when it becomes a lot less interesting, is that if I look at this thing as, you know, the open source collaborative project for money, then the most likely way to do that is  the sovereign individual. And I continue to think that it's quite prescient. And I see it happening in the news all the time, where it seems like we're in the days right now where you basically have to be a billionaire to be a sovereign individual and have a nation state level sway. You're at the point where you can negotiate with nation states essentially on a fairly level playing field.  Well, you know, it's hard to even hold the numbers in your head, but the sheer number of possibilities and number of other ecosystems out there that are similar to ours and thus likely have life, it's just, you know, with, if, it's kind of like mining, right? If you try enough times, eventually you'll find that impossible number to find.  question do you have for me to finish this up? Good question. So am I correct? Is your