 All right, guys, bang bang, I'm super excited about this. Got Phil here. Thanks for doing this, man. Oh, my pleasure. It's, it's an honor to be here. So I'm the one who's appreciative. This is a gonna be a little bit of a different episode because we're not gonna spend so much time on on finance or business related stuff. But you just have a really cool story.  a little rough. So, you know, I sort of got my lumps there and eventually graduated to the medium-sized city tourist trap of Niagara Falls, which is where I would eventually find my employment at what was regarded as one of the more noted tourism places called Marine Land. And, I don't know, maybe we should  sort of fell ass backwards into this job that's, you know, back then you looked in the want ads. And so I was looking in the want ads and I found a Marine mammals assistant trainers job. I thought, you know, it'd be a probably an impossible job to get, but you know, I did go to school for at the time. It was one of these six month programs, audio engineering and multimedia post-production. It was called back then. And in 2000 cost me a lot of money. And about eight months later, it was a free download on the internet, all of the software that I learned on.  to leave but fast forward then some and here we are 2020 and I'm still being sued for $1.5 million for plotting to steal the walrus and go. All right, so hold on a second. Give us an understanding for those that don't know what Marine land is help people just understand kind of you know, what is the organization and then what does that actually look like on the ground? So,  The style of business that he created is not one that is, you know, in 2000, it doesn't have a place in 2020. So the man started with a welding a cage and bringing in some sea lions. And then eventually that graduated to larger land animals. He began to expand his business. He basically had a massive zoo and then he found his niche, which were whales. And so much like SeaWorld in the States,  for you to kind of get a lead land. And what did you see that just kind of, you know, really put you off, I guess. So I would say the first thing, the first day that I showed up, I was completely put off. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I mean, I found the facilities to be awful. And I mean, frankly, I thought the animals were sad, but then I didn't want to be anthropomorphic. I mean, I didn't know nothing about whales. So I didn't want to just attribute these emotions to what appeared to be sadness to me. But  your environment. Year six, year seven, you become an apologist for it, or rather you even defend it. But then year eight, nine, ten, as you climb the ladder and you become closer to the decision makers, and you yourself are supposed to lend your thoughts and experience the decision making, I was always in the corner of the animals. And so my clash came with management.  you need some imminent attention, whether it be mechanical failures or animal and animals in distress, it could make for a very stressful environment. Like what would be an example where you're saying, you know, Hey look, the trade off was in your opinion, obvious, but maybe they didn't agree. Well, for instance, I found that you can get a lot more out of an animal if you can train them over a long period of time, establish their trust, and that would require a lot more time with the animal, like hands-on,  would be an example of class for me. So I would say to management, look, it would just take me some time and investment. But we can do this. And it's going to be, you know, it's going to have less impact on both trainers and animals. And they saw it as well, we can get it all done in an hour and cost us maybe some monies and medication and whatnot. But you know, they just things of that nature, things of that nature. Got it. And then at what point does Smooshy come into come into the picture?  multiple shipments of multiple more. Some would die fairly immediately and then be replaced. Where are they coming from? Are they coming? Like people are capturing them in the wild? They're being captured in Russia. Everything you read in the news with regards to marine mammals and whale captures, it's coming out of Russia. There's a burgeoning market in China and Russia is trying to fuel that market. So in China, they're erecting new facilities left, right and center and they're buying these wild  news. So, you know, it was quite an impactful time. But nonetheless, the relationship that we had with the Russians is that if we got beluga whales or walruses, if one were to die within, I don't know the period of time, I just recognized it as pattern, another would come back as replacement. So it's kind of a strange, weird thing. In fact, I mean, I'll keep the story short, but I first quit my job over a baby walrus that was imported. And  And volunteered in fact to do the necropsy on the baby walrus. And so the veterinarian said, I'm sorry, oh, what's a necropsy? That's, it's the same as a, as an autopsy for a human. You're just going to, you're going to, you know, you're going to find, you're going to go through the, the organs and drop blood and different, you know, get samples of different things. And so what the veterinarian wanted was just, just a sample of the baby walrus's brain. And so there I was with a chisel and hammer and I felt like,  or whatnot to draw blood from, you have to physically sort of manhandle them and tackle them to get blood so that you can do an initial health assessment. And so in the process of doing that, we were sort of wrestling down one walrus while Smooshie had become frantic and walruses are protected by nature. She's trying to protect the other walrus that we were trying to get the blood from. And so she was so disruptive that I just decided to break away from the group and try to get her  as an example, are amongst thousands. The mother and calf are able to identify each other amongst all the noise and chaos because of an imprinting. So all of my senses, everything that I am, so my smell, the sound of my voice, everything, it imprinted on her. So she recognized me suddenly as her mother. So you can imagine how conflicting this would be for someone like me who, you know, while I like the job, I also as, you know,  She's family to me. It's a strange thing to say, I know, but you have to understand where I'm coming from. Explain what you mean by that, right? When people hear that, they're going to be like, that's crazy. But like, actually explain when you say that the way that you communicate with an animal when you have that close bond, like what exactly does that mean? She understands my sense of humor. I've had other animals that understand me in my, in sort of my mannerisms and, you know, if I elevate my voice, then they think, okay, it's like a  Like a natural phenomenon just by virtue of that It just does something so yeah, we just have a greater level of communication and understanding she we Understand each other better. I know it sounds crazy. It's nonverbal. Of course. I'm not saying when she says oof oof I'm like see that means mommy I'm saying like, you know, you can understand an animal's level of you know, I mean animals with that experience That we perceive experience in emotion. I mean, it's tough place to venture into it  walruses, but other types of species as well. And it was just this one you had the close bond with. Right. So what I, what I did fail to mention in that is when, when I was mentioned earlier that walruses were coming in in various states of health, Smooshie came in and wasn't well. And so my first maybe month or so was dedicated to her because she had imprinted on me. My days were spent quite literally sleeping next to her while she was resting and getting her medication and just getting her strength up and whatnot. So initially I did spend,  Is this not, would it be fair to say like a lot of people have probably watched a tire King, the recent Netflix documentary. And in that there's a number of scenes where they had the tiger Cubs and there's a human taking care of it. And obviously that a tiger cub learns to recognize that human kind of understands that, Hey, they took care of me. And I'll call it, they're kind of friends to some degree. And as they get bigger and bigger next thing you know, you know, you got a tiger that's 400 pounds and it's still  as you don't turn your back on these animals over time that should, you know, you should keep all your limbs. But no, Smooshie, that imprint is a completely different thing. That's where if she's not literally beside me, I mean, at this moment right now, she's thinking about me. I know it sounds crazy, but she is, it's a level of obsession that I've never known. And now I actually was able, rather than I was able to relate to the other animals because now I better understood  It's a weird thing to explain, but yeah, it's not the same relationship as someone that feeds an animal or works with an animal a lot. It's well beyond that. It's almost inexplicable. She genuinely thinks I'm her mom. Yeah, that's crazy. And so at what point do you kind of get fed up on the Marine Land side and you're like, hey, I got to make a change here? So I was conscious enough  But then in 2012, at the end of our operating season, so let's call it August, there was a breakdown in the water disinfection unit, an ozone generator is what the machine's called, it generates ozone. And ozone, when worked in conjunction with chlorine, mitigates chlorine's use. You don't have to use so much. And so the idea is in conjunction to keep your water clean, you don't have to use so much chlorine, the animals don't have the adverse effects  because the season was closing, it was, you know, it wrapped up in September, that, or rather in October, that this was something that could be put off because the park would be closed for a number of months and it could just be addressed then. The problem with that was the water had gotten so bad. I mean, it was evident. I mean, the water had gone completely green. And I mean, we can go into the details that, you know, there is some evidence on the internet. I encourage everyone as usual to do some research.  Is that a financial decision or is it being driven by something else? I'll say it's financial in addition to the fact that some people can't be told what to do. And when too many people are emphatically trying to tell someone what to do, some people just elect to not do that. I can't explain why. All I know is the complacency was unjustified.  firm agreement that I was to remain in Smooshy's life if she needed me, which historically she had. Marine Land agreed so much so that even one week later, because after I quit Marine Land's owner after the exit meeting, he very frantically dumped the water, actually delayed the opening of the park, but he got the message when I left. He called me back in to treat a dolphin because the dolphin stopped. You know, as soon as you change a wild animal or captive animals environment, they get a little bit spooked, they stop eating.  But it was about a month later that, you know, I wasn't in the best place, frankly. I mean, I should emphasize that when I quit, it was also in the interest of my mental health. I wasn't in the best of shape either. But a month later, I just decided, you know what? It's been a month now. I'm going to go see Smooshy. And when I tried to get back into the park for some reason, the security guard wouldn't let me in. It was the strangest thing because of the shit, man. I was like family over there. So stroke of luck.  You may see it bone dry. There was no fresh water. There was no ice on her deck. I mean, it looked awful. So, you know, as soon as she recognized me, she perks up. I said to the vet, imagine this, I say, go get meds. So she's running. Now we're filling fish with, you know, various meds. We start feeding her the meds, get her drink some water, whatnot. And as I'm leaving, and I said to the vet, the fuck happened?  You know, back in 2008 when Smooshy showed up, there was quite a bit of media attention around She and I's relationship. There was a fluff story that came out on Valentine's Day and it was picked up by a bunch of media. In fact, I was on like Jimmy Kimmel show, Inside Edition. It went crazy at the time when viral was yet a thing. I was becoming MySpace viral, let's say. So, you know, by virtue of having had that attention and now quitting, much of the media was like, you know, where's the Walrus guy going?  that you put my fucking name, my face on every fucking newspaper and I could hear the print machines going back. Okay, Phil, let's fucking go buckle up. Okay, let's do this. And so, you know, massive expose happened to drop on the owner's birthday. You know, things just got really ugly. So they sued me. And so in that expose, like what were the main allegations or, or kind of claims, if you will?  dogs. I mean it really quite just became an exposé around just a lot of animal abuse sort of revelations and whatnot. I mean, Maryland's always had a history but you know 2013, 2014 with things like Twitter and whatnot it just the landscape changed for a little guy. And so whereas they were accustomed to just absolutely chopping everyone down you know here I am just luckily sustaining but  Do you remember when you first heard that the lawsuit had actually been filed? Like what your reaction was? This was great. I thought it could happen, but I've had enough people in my corner naively telling me that, well, if you're telling the truth, you can't be sued. Well, that's not necessarily true. You were unlikely to get any type of verdict against you, but you can certainly be sued. So I had the sense that, you know, maybe they  And then I see that I'd missed a couple calls from a journalist. The funny thing is, you learn a thing or two about journalism and all of this as well. In journalism, at least back then, super corporate friendly journalism, you take a lawsuit and you create all the greatest headlines from it that you can, because a lawsuit is literally a legal means to defame the shit out of somebody, because all you have to do is, I sue you for anything and the newspaper could grab it, run with the headlines and just say, and these allegations are going to be a little bit different.  I was learning about it on the news. It's crazy. And so at what point are you like, all right, I should go steal a walrus. So the allegations of my plotting to steal a walrus were in the lawsuit. I will say that they were there basically to make me look like a crazy idiot and that they could run with stupid headlines because back in maybe the 90s, that would work. Maybe in the 80s, let's say in the 80s, that would definitely work. But in 2020,  a lot of support. Certainly a lot of reasons to keep this thing going as best and as long as we can. But that lawsuit, they fucked up. And the problem is with lawsuits is there's settlements. And, you know, there's a good and evil aspect to this. But there's also an asshole versus asshole aspect. And, you know, there was a big asshole in all this. And then there's me who might wind up being the bigger asshole because  local that will have two other walruses, young females, so there's no concern for aggression or mating and whatnot. And they've declared themselves interested. And so, the unfortunate part about lawsuits, litigation and settlement talks is, you know, there's an element of good faith in negotiations. But let's just say, I can't make it easier for Maryland. So it just becomes a question.  And so, like, part of what I don't understand, right, is like the math and business behind all of this. So what I mean by that is like, when that wall runs, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like  But the care is on a ballpark basis. Are we talking a couple thousand dollars or like half a million dollars per animal? If you had to guess, if I had to guess, I think if you're dealing with one beluga, you're in the near six figure range. But if you're dealing with multiple, then you're, it may reduce the price a little bit. So, you know, with marine land, we would get like six to 12 per shipment. Uh, I think four or five times we've got them, maybe more a couple of times before I'd gotten there. Uh, and dolphins, we'd received a three,  And so I'm assuming that they're not putting them in the equivalent of Marine Land or SeaWorld in China. Maybe they are. But I've got to imagine that that's more food-based type, you know, financial activity rather than here in the U.S. A lot of that's going into trying to build a business around, hey, I buy this animal, I take care of it, and then I actually bring people into the park and have them kind of watch shows and things like that, right?  You'll notice, you know, facilities in North America haven't changed by the way. If you take a look at SeaWorld, you take a look at Marine Land, you never notice that the pool, you don't hear of new large expanses. You just never do. New ride. Yes, new this, but you know, it's an old school idea with no place in 2020. If today we were going to start and build much like China is these facilities, I don't know that it like, imagine if we were to start from scratch, we're going to say, Hey, I've got this Marvel idea. I'm going to take that majestic animal and put it in the cage. Everyone would be like, no, that's not happening.  what they look like. So what you'll see is they do have a shelf life just by virtue of animals having a shelf life. Whatever laws come around, so let's use in Canada, for example, breeding, import and export of whales, dolphins and porpoises have been outlawed. It's banned. It's a new law that was passed only a few months ago. I'd like to thank Marine Land for their help in helping me pass that law, by the way.  because no one can come up with an idea to keep these things going. And any new ideas are immediately rejected because there's just an old guard that is unbreakable with this particular business. And like, you know, you mentioned Tiger King earlier because who doesn't, but you know, these, these owners are really eccentric people. They just really are. It's across the board. I'm going to say it. I'm going to generalize a load of them. Zoo owners and aquarium owners are some of the wackiest people I've ever come across. I have to say so, uh, you know, nothing surprises me with the way, with all the, you know,  as well. Maybe talk a little bit about just how you've thought through kind of, you know, the critical thinking and outside the box thinking that's required to, you know, really kind of rise above the noise in a lot of these situations. So I will just go back to the day I decided to speak out. I was laying on my bed, rocking back and forth in a fetal position. I said to myself, how am I supposed to live the remainder of my life if I don't do something here? What does the rest of my life look like? And how do I live with myself? I just couldn't, I couldn't,  called Wipeout. You may be familiar, you remember the big red balls and all that stuff? Well, there was a short lived version, Canadian version, and I was on it, the premiere episode, because I was the Walrus mom, and I won. So when I got that 50K, you know, I got it because of the Walrus. In my mind, I kept saying to myself, well, I wish I'd said to myself, buy Bitcoin, but I'd said to myself, you know, it's not really my money. Like it's an easy thing to say, hey, go buy yourself something fancy.  I launched some various GoFundMe campaigns and whatnot to sustain throughout and I still have one. Oh, by the way, just to back up, my decision moving forward in my state of mind of thinking outside the box was this, in every which possible decision presented, be the most costly and pain in the ass for marine land that I can be, in every which way. And the unfortunate part of that is that I have to give myself away often.  If I just keep fighting, I mean, I've got nothing to lose anymore anyway. So I do have a website, a fundraising website. It's at savesmushy.com. I'll spell it out, S-A-V-E-S-M-O-O-S-H-I.com. There's a trailer on there to a documentary that's coming out. I've been followed for the last, in excess of two years, both fighting for this legislation in Canada and my fight for Smooshy and whatnot.  whatever it is, so look out for that. What do we put the odds at right now that let's say by the end of 2021, you have Swooshy? What's the probability of that? I was at 1% when I quit. If that, I was just on a, and right now in my gut, I think  So they have some really hard decisions to make. I'm trying to make it as easy as possible, but if they want to continue to embarrass themselves and cost themselves down the road, then I'm here for that. I love it. So. Do you think that anyone's told Smooshy yet? If I told you what my ayahuasca journey is, I told her. I visited her. I breathed life into those nostrils. I squeezed that heart.  I correct correct.com and also friends don't let friends go to Marineland SeaWorld so spread the word Friends don't let friends go to SeaWorld or Marineland. I love it Yeah, man, oh yeah, and I think the next court appearance, you know like the judge Marinelands lawyer will be listening to this and he will take issue So whether I wear it or not, we'll see you know much of what I do is Again just being a pain in the ass, but I got this new shirt. I'm making called lawyer destroy  very different but pretty crazy and impressive story. So I think that more people hopefully will kind of look into this and here in the United States, it's very obvious that there's a lot of kind of animal cruelty at these organizations and some of it's being addressed, some of it's not, but there's very few people who are willing to kind of dedicate their time and energy to this. So for all the people who love animals, thank you.