 I'm ready to go. Cripple, non-cripple, whatever way, I'm ready.  There's got to be a group of people who just won't bend. And I think that's what, you know, I kind of align with those Bitcoiners the most. And, you know, through that, you know, I really think Bitcoin is the most important thing happening in the world today. And my, you know, I've got a philosophical expression of that through doing the writing and podcasts and all that sort of stuff. But my entrepreneurial expression of that is a little product called Amber. And Amber is designed to be  with, we're gonna introduce a premium feature to Amber that'll make SAT stacking smarter, more automated and cheaper for everyone. So we are, we're investors. I don't even know if we've announced that yet. We haven't yet. We just did. And so give us an update, just kind of any metrics or data so people know how it's going. Yeah. So we're in, we're in Oz at the moment.  that's the plan. And yeah, man, we'll be able to really deliver a nice, clean way for people to accumulate Bitcoin in a broader region. And then from there, we're just like, I want to hit South Africa and then want to look at some other markets as well. For sure. And so the big debate right now or conversation is we are what, seven, eight days away from the Bitcoin halving. And this has historically  to the halving to the four with the stock flow model and all of that sort of stuff. And I think a lot of the conversation has been really around price and price targets and this model about how to get rich tomorrow by buying Bitcoin. And that's fine because Bitcoin is a monetary beast, right? So the more capital we get flowing into this thing, the better, and it just makes it stronger. But what I kind of wanted to focus on was  And COVID has been like a really another one of these knee jerk reactions, my exponentials and taking things to an extreme in the way we deal with them because we're so easily triggered and we don't stop for a moment to think about the longer term ramifications of anything we do. And here you've got this incredibly symbolic event in the halving. I kind of like to say that  scarce and valuable. Bitcoin stands alone as the pillar of the traditional way we understand value, something that is unique. I could use an example of a fine piece of art, like there is one Mona Lisa or your mother, you've got one mother, she's fundamentally valuable.  other side. So that's kind of how I envisioned the halving. And I think it's, yeah, I think this is probably the first halving, like the last halving was, yeah, you know, not many people knew about it. I think this is the first one that's getting a bit of air time. I know my guess is 2024, it's going to be like, it's going to be like one of those New Year's Eve events, you know, that everyone's sort of watching and counting down for. It's gonna be really interesting. Yeah, one of the best frameworks that I've heard for this is while the world is quantitative easing,  ties up with easy versus hard. There's things in life, like if you want to be, let's just take happiness as a thing. If you want to live a life of happiness, you can either go and grab some heroin and start shooting up and just be in bliss the whole time and probably die from an overdose.  whether it's our money, whether it's our, you know, the five minute abs or whatever other bullshit is sold to us, you know, the cheap plastic shit. It's just crazy. So I really love Bitcoin for that shift in ideology. I think that's where not enough of our focus goes when we're thinking about Bitcoin.  from let's say 50% to closer to 100%, but also how do we get from 1% of the total global population to 10%, right? And kind of, I'm thinking of it almost like a penetration of a market. What's kind of the thoughts there? I think so. I've got the pain and curiosity theory, I kind of call it. So I think people come to Bitcoin for two reasons, pain or curiosity. So curiosity in the sense that  like food is a good thing, but if all you do is eat all day, you're going to get fat, right? So as with anything, there's a sensible medium. But I think greed, curiosity, so those who are curious enough to want to inquire about what is Bitcoin or what is money or how is society shifting, what's going on, are going to get into it. But I think unfortunately, more people will discover Bitcoin because of some level of pain. And maybe fortunately,  even though you're young, fit, healthy, and you have a very minimal chance of some invisible virus coming to get you. But you're forced to stay home and go broke and you get given some measly little $1,200 US dollar check. And that's apparently gonna last you 10 weeks, right? So that pain is gonna drive you to say, well, this is fucking bullshit. And then whilst that's happening on one side, the prices of your goods are going up because production stopped and money is going up.  like Bitcoin as an exit strategy for that because people in the past haven't had this.  do you think, like, or the tipping point where we go from, you know, it's happening in Lebanon right now. And I genuinely believe most people, they want to be happy and they want to have some level of freedom, right? At the end of the day, that's what they want. And that manifests itself in a whole bunch of different ways of life, but ultimately they want to be able to spend time with their loved ones, be free, you know, not have to worry about access to food or shelter and kind of the basic needs of human life. But if the current  out. I was writing a piece yesterday, I released my little piece called Correcting Dahlia after his little second chapter that he wrote about changing world powers. One of the sections I wrote in there was about this idea of a phase shift. If we think about water, for example, it's got these three primary forms that it comes in. Solid,  similar in that sense is, you know, we, you know, you have this undercurrent of change, you know, that's sort of like the zeitgeist of the time that, you know, that is happening. And because societal shifts are much longer in nature, you know, and I'm not talking about Delia's 70 year debt cycle, I'm talking more like societal shifts of like, you know, the separation of church and state 500 years ago, you know, now we're sort of seeing the separation of monies in state, like,  Like when is anyone's guess? Like the, oh, I was gonna touch on something there. This, this, fuck. Where was I going with this? I had a point. So I think part of it though, it's just like the gradually, but then all at once or slowly, but then suddenly I think is another one like the unchained guys use.  of burning the boats, right? We just burnt the interest rate boat. Then we burnt the QE infinity boat. So those two boats are burnt now. What else is there? The number of boats that are available to burn to basically discredit the existing system are becoming less and less numerous. I always say COVID was one of the best marketing  period. I can't exactly remember that. I'm not really clear on when we had a real good mix of smartphones and dumb phones at the same time. That phase shift happens so quickly. And I think we're obviously not at that point yet with Bitcoin. But I think over the next decade, the question is going to shift from people asking today, why the hell would you have Bitcoin, to sometime in the next decade, the question will be,  sounds like what we're seeing right now with these supposed solutions to the COVID problem is, you know, this printing of money bailing out of the big boys and all this sort of stuff is we're actually tearing society apart. And where, you know, we have this illusion of prosperity in the stock market, you know, basically the NASDAQ's almost back at all time highs. I mean, Shopify's blown through its highs, Amazon's blown through its highs, Tesla's basically back at highs.  I've had enough. I keep thinking about just like the virus itself has done two things. One, it's accelerated a lot of trends. One you just mentioned of kind of the wealth inequality gap, right? Is definitely getting accelerated right now by kind of the government's response to this virus. But also the virus has exposed many shams in society, right? Whether it's higher education and all of the kind of the structure of that or other things. And the part to me that I have  and making my bank account have more money in it. Like then I don't actually need to sell anything. I can just give away the goods, right? I don't understand why am I actually charging people for it? Same thing here is like, why is the government charging federal income tax if they can just print whatever they want? What are kind of the thoughts there? Well, dude, that's one of those boats being burnt, right? It's this idea that, it's funny that you mentioned that because I was during this lockdown period  taxes gathered in a couple of years to apparently bail us out. So why don't they just do that and build a hospital? And she was like, that can't be right. That shouldn't happen. Like, it doesn't make actual sense when you think about it for a second. So it's, I mean, this is the issue, I guess, that Bitcoin was originally designed to solve. A lot of people, and this is where I scratch my head at like the big caches and all the other crypto people who are running around  selling products just edits their bank account. Like, you know, what we're doing is we're disincentivising real production, which is effectively the driver of economies. We're taking that out of the equation. And we're just making fucking numbers up. Like, how deranged does one have to be to think that this is normal? In no way is it normal. That's not economics. That's not society. That's not capital. And the funny thing is people try and call it capitalism.  you know, blame capitalism and support the government just making up numbers in their own ledger. It's completely wild. My favorite way to articulate this is Marty Ben says, fix the money, fix the world. Right. And it literally is so many problems in the world derived from this money issue. They do. They do. Because here's the thing, like if money is the, the, the board is, is the,  for themselves, they're actually part of a bigger game, which they can't get out of, which is they live in the same world as we do. So at some point, when you tear apart the fabric of society by distorting through things like, oh, yeah, we're going to, you know, you and I, Pomp and everybody else has listened to this, we have to go out and we have to trade our two finite resources, time and energy, so that we add value to society in order to be rewarded with this  I don't know, short-term viewpoint. It's such an arrogant way of thinking. But unfortunately, that's what happens when, I mean, when the needle is so close, right? When you've got a junkie and the temptation to feel good is right there, they're gonna use it. So the best solution is get rid of the temptation altogether. Throw that out.  as part of this, then it happens all over the world. It's not just a US thing. It's not just kind of a global superpower thing. This literally happens everywhere. And so my guess is that we're gonna see people, regardless of geography, start to wake up and slowly move. At first, it'll be percentages of their wealth. Eventually, it'll be larger and larger and even into the majority, overly decentralized, kind of digital.  structurally have that, you know, SegWit's, you know, broadly adopted. So, you know, we're not going to get those ridiculous spikes in fees, wallets are smarter, so, you know, you're not going to get that. So I think that's fine. And I personally believe we'll probably see a run, you know, later this year or next year. In my mind, again, it's going to be a price driven run. So I think this rise in Bitcoin is going to be  So I think, you know, Bitcoin fundamentally, you know, does have the infrastructure from an onboarding and from a functionality standpoint to support another big run. And yeah, I think it's really going to kick off once we pass the old all-time highs. So once Bitcoin's beyond 20,000, what we'll probably have is a period of disbelief. So maybe, you know, it crosses 20,000 people like, you know,  thinking about once we get past that, and we're looking forward to.  that was between 2012 and 2016. They've already seen a bear market. The people that have come in between 2016 and 2018, or between 2016 and now, have seen this new bear market. And coming out of that on the other end and sort of being proven right, not to gloat, but to inspire more people to come in, that's probably what I'm looking forward to the most. Because then,  Now it's not that I'm trying to gain territory on Bitcoin. So for me, it's like a one-way street. I'm going in, I'm not coming back out. Like, you know, why would you move to a new like place which is beautiful that has everything you could one day need just to move out again? Like it makes no sense to me. So like, you know, we're pioneers in this new world. And I think we're just gonna, this post post-harving is gonna validate a lot of  $8,900. Right. Do you think there's going to be worth more or less in the future? Right. And by the way, look, just like land, there's price fluctuations. Sometimes certain areas there it's more valuable or less valuable, right. But generally over long periods of time, the scarce assets rise in price. And that has to do with one, there being more desirability, but also two, it's actually the currency being devalued against the scarce asset. Right. Meaning that the US dollar  thing, which can't, you know, once people understand that it can't be printed or you can't make more of it, you know, the common sense thing is, all right, well, infinite, finite, you know, that's where more value is. But then you've also got the third piece, like, yeah, you know, let's argue that someone could create something that is finite in supply, but it's completely useless. That probably won't accrue value. So like, if we look at Bitcoin, it is fundamentally  that I can't even explain to you how much time and effort has been wasted just to give us as a company the permission to help somebody buy a product called Bitcoin. In a world where Bitcoin is a functional money, that permission doesn't need to be chased. You don't have any of that. So all of that friction, all of that wasted time, energy, resources,  Bitcoin is completely and entirely different beast. It's that, I mean, coming back to a Peter Thielism, right? It's the zero to one. It looks nothing like the existing financial system and that therein lies the innovation. It's not, you know, all these FinTech bros running around trying to augment the existing financial system and make some things faster and build some new API and all this. That's all cool and well, you know, it's cute.  and then you say that you can show that this other thing that we're using at the moment is not only infinite in supply, but it's also devaluing, it's broken and all this sort of shit. Like you literally have to be a maniac or a moron or ignorant, or I don't know what you have to be to sort of dismiss Bitcoin as a scam. Like I literally don't get it anymore. Like I see it as a scam.  But two is once you have kind of skin in the game, you start paying attention, right? And I literally used to tell people take $100, put it in Bitcoin and think of it as you just invested in an education. Cause I promise you you'll pay attention. Right. And I think that that works for people. It works for absolutely everyone. Like my mum who's got no financial literacy whatsoever. I've got to buy some Bitcoin and I get these random texts from like my mum.  and then all of a sudden becomes important to you. When there's an ability to feel pain, and this is why pain receptors are such an important piece of any system, like tying it back to this whole COVID thing and how we're in a society now that wants to eliminate any form of pain. We feel a little bit sick, we hit ourselves with painkillers. Painkillers or medications,  systems, biological, economic, try and correct themselves, come back to their own natural equilibrium, in we come with some sort of intervention to apparently fix it. These interventions that people say are so necessary, the market was so overextended and not just talking from an IEA the market needed a crash standpoint, but  And we've somehow been taught that the correction or that fall or that crash is the bad thing, that the solution is pumping more drugs into the system to inflate it back up. And it's become such a backwards kind of level of thinking because corrections, equilibrium, pain, death, they're necessary in any system, whether at the cellular level,  And by doing that, you have these spores that are released, that only are released during these fires and all this stuff. Then humans come in and we're like, oh, fires are a bad thing, like a blanket statement. We stop the fires from happening. And then all of a sudden you have this one big fire that comes and destroys everything. And not only burns everything down, but it burns the top soil. So now the forest is a freaking desert and you've destroyed it.  I wanted to spend some time, you recently read Ray Dalio's new chapter that he released, Chapter Two for his new book. He wrote a pretty deep dive on basically what you think he got wrong, right? So maybe spend a little bit of time kind of talking through that. I know you mentioned it earlier, but just what your takeaways were and kind of what do you think he got wrong? Well, I think so. I'll hit on a couple of pieces. Number one, he talks about understanding money, debt and credit and all that sort of stuff.  definition of money, the whole argument that is entire chapter sits on just falls apart. So, you know, I kind of like to define money as something deeper. It's, you know, it's a mechanism via which participants in society can effectively collaborate. Like if you don't have that mechanism, society goes out the window. You can't like, you know, money is used to represent the products of one's time and labor. In other words, you know, their work.  intrinsic value, all value is subjective. Simple as that. And the example that I like to use is, you know, we all value air, right? Like the ability to breathe. But if you have a child and you're both, let's say, in a car accident and you fall off a bridge and you're in the water and only one of you is going to be able to breathe, what are you going to value more in that moment?  human beings to say that, hey, that is a really good object to represent the time and work that I'm trading for money. So that was another area. Then there was a couple of sections that Me and him agreed on. He talks about how central banks are able to rig the game, and he's 100 per cent right, because that's one of those things where I can see it was highlighted in my article. Whilst the rest of us idiots spent  would have eventually triggered it, which I agree with. And regardless of what it did, the dynamic value would have basically been the same because only intervention would have worked to reverse the downturn. And I kind of really like poked at that, which is we didn't actually reverse the downturn. I actually think we've just accelerated the downturn. By intervening again, we didn't actually fix anything. We broke the shit even more than it was broken before. So the  just baffles me because that's, it's not what we're doing. Like we can't perpetuate that narrative because all we're doing is running the same game again. Like the narrative has to be that the system is fixing itself by correcting. And we are breaking it more by intervening, not the opposite way around. And until we do that, we're never going to fix it. Why do you think that he hasn't at least part of  So I would have probably said it's the latter. I think that there's a bit of sleight of hand going here and he's buying up Bitcoin like a boss in the background. But reading this one, I was like, man, he's actually missing a few really fundamental pieces, like intrinsic value being one of them and presuppositions around. He's right about credit cycles, but he's defining everything within that paradigm.  I guess, a public presence, it may be dangerous to publicly promote Bitcoin because I mean, you got this hundred and what is it $200 billion asset now, which I mean, if he turns around and says, you know, Bridgewater is allocating to Bitcoin, you know, we're probably gonna, we don't need the halving, it'll be called the Dalio ending.  an interesting case. I feel like you should know better, but maybe, maybe it doesn't, I don't know.  probably in the next week or two once I get some more solid dates around Europe so people can keep track of when we're going to be live there. I know we had a recent casualty in Europe, one of the DCA services called Get Bitter, decided to shut down because as, you know, in the infinite wisdom of the Dutch regulators, they decided to introduce some ridiculous new licenses which basically made it unfeasible for Get Bitter to our  So what's the one thing that hasn't been really heavily scrutinized, debated, kind of laid out that you say, I would love to see X? Shit, that's a, that is, you know what I thought you were gonna ask me, I thought you were gonna ask me what is the one piece of writing that I would recommend as indispensable? Shit, this is a good question.  book I see it's already been written 40 years ago. So yeah, I don't know man and so much good Bitcoin stuff has already been written. I stumped you. Yeah, you stumped me dude. You stumped the fuck out of me. I have zero idea. You know how much pride I take in stumping people sometimes?  And so it's very easy to say, hey, we want to go to this place or we want to do this thing. But other times, you actually explore and discover by accident. The canonical example is Christopher Columbus. He wasn't looking for the new world. He was trying to get to Asia. And then he just happens to find this other thing. And so I think that's part of the question.