 All right, guys, bang bang. I've got Mike here. I'm super excited about this. Mike is one of the most thoughtful people, I think, in early stage investing. And he's got all the war stories and scars to prove it as well. So thanks for doing this. All right, Paul. Thanks for having me. For sure. For those that don't know you, maybe let's just start with kind of your background before you got into the  and like weeding the flower beds and stuff. And so that's kind of how I got into it. And then when personal computers came out, there was this device called the KoalaPad. And my dad worked at IBM and so we weren't ever gonna get a Mac. And then, you know, Mac paint came out. And so I thought, well, I wanna create a version of Mac paint that runs on PC, but it's optimized for calligraphy. And so, you know, for folks who understand calligraphy, you have a wide brush that you tilted  How do you end up focusing exclusively on? Yeah, not at all. It's funny. I would not have if you had told me nine months before I started investing that I was going to be a VC someday, I wouldn't have believed it. So I mean, we were lucky we had good VCs in the companies I was involved with. Like when the company I helped start in the late 90s, Motive had the top people from Austin,  So that one day John Thornton from Austin venture said, have you ever thought about being a venture guy? And this was when I was thinking about what was next after Motorweight Public. And I said, no, I don't think I understand the job. I've never made an angel investment before all my stock market is index funds. I just don't think I know what I'm doing. And so he said, well, just humor me. You've got some time.  something happen in Silicon Valley those four days a week for about a year or so. Yeah. And what was the biggest difference you noticed like when you got there given the time period that this was? I think a lot of people who are especially younger in technology or Silicon Valley today, they weren't around then. So kind of what was like the big thing that you saw or big takeaways that was the difference between somewhere like in Austin and Silicon Valley? Yeah. Well, it was interesting because what seemed to be happening was that the web was transitioning from  and you go to things like the O'Reilly Web 2.0 conference or the emerging tech conference and Jeff Bezos would be there with his laptop and you know, Stuart Butterfield and F Williams, all these people who ended up playing significant roles. You could have almost just written a check for everybody that was in that room and done well. So it was just an exciting time. And it was a lot like my early introduction to computers. I wasn't just so much interested in making money. It was just  but at least enough to go out and start floodgate and kind of what was the original idea there? Well, I mean, part of it was necessity was the mother of invention. So no, no venture firms would hire me, you know, so you could imagine I'm this guy from Austin, Texas. I've never made an angel investment before enterprise software. And I'm saying there's this revolution happening in the consumer internet and everybody's like, yeah, that's great. And you know, Motive had gone public and had done really well,  not only was Web 2.0 happening, but the way companies were getting built was changing. And so when I started Motive with four other people, you had to have an Oracle database or a Solaris server hosted at Exodus and it cost you a year and $5 million to start. And so I started to realize 500,000 is the new 5 million here. You have open source software, offshore labor, search engine marketing, broadband penetration,  spirits, the two of us and Steve Anderson who ended up working on Baseline and later a few other guys. Yeah. And then what the name floodgate, where did that come from or what was kind of the, the genesis of that? Yeah, we were seeking a name that connoted the idea of an inflection. So like right at the, so that the idea was that come to floodgate when you feel like you have an idea that's going to, that's going to  and then hopefully we can kind of get it to the next level where it's a little bit more ready for investment. Got it. And then you've made so many great investments that I won't do it justice by rattling them off off the top of my head. But one of the key themes is many of those businesses, when you invested, they didn't exactly end up doing what you wanted to do. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did that. And so they did  I'm in a coffee shop and I'm talking to the Weebly guys who I just decided to invest in Weebly. And they said, hey, we like you and we want to introduce you. A friend of ours, Justin Kahn and his team at Justin TV. And as they're saying that, this guy walks in with a camera on his baseball cap with wires going into backpack. It looked like he was like a terrorist or something with a camera on his head. And he sits down, he says, I'm Justin Kahn.  to create good live video experiences over the internet. And I looked at Justin and he's just barely out of college. And so same with Kyle Vought and Michael Seibel and Emmet Shearer. I was like, these guys will be anti-fragile. They'll never run out of money. They'll all live in the same apartment, spend next to nothing. And it kind of doesn't matter how stupid this idea is because the insight behind the idea is interesting that live video on the internet is going to be a thing someday.  it sounds like you might not even believe they can actually pull off. It's more of, well, if you keep that insight and keep pursuing that insight, this will change. And you almost go into it understanding that it'll change. Or does that just kind of happen and it's unexpected when there is some pivot or change in the future? Yeah, well, I guess the way I look at it is a startup is not a company. Like that's the first mistake people make is thinking that it is both in terms of investing and running them. And I think it's,  and they're going to be able to get the insight phase completely. So they go straight to customer development. They try to go straight to the product breakthrough, which is, you know, what can I build that's unique that people are desperate for? But it's just like, you know, Godzilla needs an atomic egg. It needs to be radioactive. And so you can't skip the insight breakthrough. And then after the product breakthrough is the growth breakthrough. And so you kind of, you go from having an insight to the future to having a unique product  all I can really evaluate is the power of the insight. And if I try to evaluate much more than that and the founders, I just end up having false precision. Yeah, and I guess like as you think about that insight breakthrough, part of it is not only how accurate it is, but also how important that insight is over others, right? So there can be kind of small insights or big insights. How have you seen kind of  And so like most people live in the present and so they forecast and because of that, they have projected futures. But projected futures flow from the present. And so you're not gonna get much of an insight there. You're just gonna get incremental improvements to what's already happened and you're gonna carry the baggage of what's wrong with the present ahead with you. So the plausible insights, an example of a founder I worked with is Todd McKinnon at Okta.  customers is like, this is this is not just why is he right? But what like, why is this the team that will do it? A possible insight is like Mark Andreessen at University of Illinois or Bob Metcalf at Xerox Park. So they they get into this new field and they may not even realize it yet, but they're in a time machine. So University of Illinois was a supercomputer lab with super fast networks and they were trying to help scientists collaborate.  It'll be in the field. Of course, everybody will have a computer on every desk. Of course, everybody will want to share resources on a network. And so his ideas about how networks should be designed going forward, he just had a superior understanding of the future because he was already been living there. So, you know, William Gibson, I don't know if you've ever read Neuromancer, but, you know, he says the future is already here. It's just not evenly distributed. And then the third type, preposterous, is Elon Musk. So the guy says,  an abject complete failure of a new car company. So now people think that he's crazy, but actually Elon is the right kind of crazy because when he's talking about first principles, what he's really talking about is inflections that are coming together. And in all cases, regardless of the insight, they're almost always in my experience powered by inflections that create exponentially improving outcomes  part of this is having the insight is both the easy part and the magic, right? You got to have the right insight. It's got to be a big enough idea. But it's also got to be on the right time horizon too, right? There's people who've been talking about, you know, we're going to put computers in each other's brains for, you know, decades at this point. And if you go back 20, 30 years, those people literally were considered crazy. Now people are like, that's probably going to happen, but you know, not next year.  The next is an adoption inflection. X number of people use Bitcoin now, five years from now, 10X will, or 100X or 1000X will. The third is a regulatory inflection. Now telemedicine can be practiced across straight state lines, will that be permanent? New spectrum becoming available for communications. And then the fourth is a belief inflection.  or Uber, but you tried to launch it before that was true, it wouldn't have mattered that your idea was right. It would have been too early because the service wouldn't have worked, right? But then the other component of the why now was the adoption inflection. We could say, okay, it's 2010, 10% plus or minus have smartphones. Will more than 50% have smartphones in three to five years? We're like, you know, you could see that being possible. And so you say, okay, now let's look out into a world  the right markets, the team can be actually sub par, the market will win and kind of carry a sub par team. Maybe it's a little bit of an exaggeration and you need a above average team and a great market. So one would love to know your opinion on that, but also two, just how do you know that this market will be big enough if they can actually pull this off where it can drive the types of returns that make the power laws of a venture fund work? Yeah. So the first thing I'd like to say about market is when it comes to startups,  in a big company. Startup markets are movements and movements are started by time travelers living in the future coming back to the present with a secret about the future. And they enlist other people initially who believe their secret and they start a movement. And the market is a consequence of the movement accelerating. And so as more and more people start to buy into  market. And I'm like, that's a myth when you invest in a startup. There is no market. The question is, is the insight powerful enough that a massive movement could start around it that will change the world? And so the inside is like the Archimedes lever of that founder who's going to move the world and they're going to start out small. And by the way, most people are going to disagree with them at first, right? Good insights. Most people won't like it because most people live in the present. So you're trying to,  expansion component, right? If you go back to Lyft or Uber with ride sharing, if you had just looked at it and said, oh, they can go after taxis. That's actually a pretty small market compared to what they ended up doing, right? They ended up actually, there's a lot of people who don't have cars now. They ended up going after black cars and going after taxis, right? There's so many different things that they were able to almost take a market and double or triple it probably in size, if not more. And that's really hard to sit there with a spreadsheet early on.  a determined deliberate view of what the future should be. And they realize that the future doesn't happen to us. It happens because of us and the decisions that we make. And so you're not gonna, part of the vocabulary of product market fit that I find problematic is it's as if the market's there, I need to find it somehow with the product. The product market fit is more of like a dance.  view. For sure. I've heard you tell the story of, I think it was Ev Williams and Twitter and like running out to your car to get the check. Maybe explain that story a little bit and kind of how when you talked with them, it sounds like you made a pretty quick decision and knew relatively early like, Hey, this is something I want to bet on, right? It wasn't, let me run back to the office and spend six weeks and do a bunch of due diligence and all of that, at least from what I understand from the story. Yeah. So, so, well,  that haven't been built yet. So, you know, like with Kevin, I already knew who Dick was. I was super excited. And at the time I had no reputation at all in the Valley. And so I heard Ron Conway was this awesome angel investor. So I took him to lunch and I said, just give me one chance to look at one project with you. That's all I want. Just one chance is all I need. And so he said, okay, whatever, you know, you get your chance.  Apple decides to give podcasting away on iTunes for free. And at the time they had a monopoly in playback devices. So quickly we understood ODO wasn't gonna be a business and some investors were kind of disenchanted. And so I have to agree to give everybody their money back, which was just an amazing gesture. And I said, look, you don't owe me anything. You win some, you lose some. He said, well, actually I'm kind of contractually, I need to give it back to you.  And okay, maybe I've lost it for sure now. But then it blows up itself by, ironically in Austin, where I'd come from. And then, and then I have caught reaches out one day, it says, were you serious? Now's the time if you want to do it. And by then, and Twitter was becoming a thing, it was, I was afraid of, he was gonna have forgotten that I wanted him. So it was very gracious of him the whole way. And so like Twitter is a great example.  back and it sounds like really they kind of just described it over the phone almost and you knew that you wanted to invest. Was it the team? Was it something that they had said in the pitch around like the insight? Just help me unpack that. It was, um, it was kind of a somewhat of a combination of a belief in an adoption inflection. And I, I didn't have the insight to understand the impact that the iPhone was going to have on it. But Ev basically said to me, look, before I did ODO for podcasting, I did blogger, you know, he wrote this blogger software and he  is on the people who are negative because then you've got something to build on. And I was like, you know, I think he's right. And so, and at the time I was like, I just felt a lot of confidence in them as people. And so I just thought, you know, that's right. It's a first principles exponential type of insight. But I'd love to say that I was smarter than that, that it was, you know, it was pretty dang lucky.  or Larry Page, Mark Zuckerberg, but that's survivorship bias. And there's some truth to that, right? If all you do is analyze the winners, you don't analyze the losers who didn't show up. But here's where I think the theory comes in. My theory is that basically inflections drive exponential opportunity and that there's a cause and effect relationship. Moore's law, Metcalfe's law, all these different things  of inflections out into the future with you and then map those inflections. Imagine like the future is like a cone and like the possible outcomes or the plausible outcomes are at the center of the cone and then the possible are like further out in the cone and then preposterously even farther. And so now it's like this future map of the future and you're trying to locate insights and you bring armed with these inflections  way out there and make preposterous looking bets to the present. But you know, he ends up being right. And so like that's what I like to say is like an insight is like a bet. It's a bet on a future that most people don't see. But it's also a bet on you and like your confidence in your ability to be the person and the team to make that insight real. And I like to say on some level and insight if you look at it through financial academia, it's an  rockets are expensive, right? And they don't quite get to, well, the idea of a reusable rocket. So then some people get to reusable rocket, but they say, well, there's no way to do that, right? How are you going to reland a rocket? And you kind of, it's almost like a funnel where at the top of the funnel, there's a lot of people that understand maybe the problem. But as you get kind of towards the bottom of the funnel, people end up opting out and saying either it's not possible, they don't know the solution, or they can't build it. At the very, very bottom of that, it feels like there's  But the interesting thing is when I talk to people living in the future, I very rarely ask them, well, what kind of a product do you think is going to happen? Because they don't want to think that way. Like a futurist is like, well, no, you know, like there's going to be a sensor, you know, there's going to be a sensor free currency that's throughout the world and it's, you know, independent of all governments. That's just if you say, OK, well, great. What's the first step to that happening? What you realize through time is  about rather than projecting from the present to what the future will be, you go to the future, you work backwards and imagine the steps backwards through time. It's like you're at the top of a tree, you see the tops and so you can look down and see all the branches I have to climb up the tree to get to the top. If you start at the bottom of the tree you may climb what looks like obvious branches and you're out on a limb and you can't get now you can't get to the top of the tree. And so great entrepreneurs are able to  finish line, but kind of the way point that I'm headed towards and figuring out from where I am to there as part of the company building or the entrepreneur's job. How do you think about the best people, their ability to kind of constantly check if they're headed in the right direction? And specifically, one of the things that I've seen a lot is like now that there's so much data available, it's really easy to use data to optimize for almost the wrong things rather than kind of where you originally set out to go.  on a journey with them. And so, you know, I like to say if you look at Star Wars as like a metaphor, the entrepreneur isn't Luke Skywalker, the entrepreneur is like Yoda. And you say, hey, look, I have this mystical set of powers and tools that's going to help you get from the world of today to a better world of tomorrow. But they have to be practical because they have to persuade those people. And people don't like to change, even in their  entrepreneur in the past, people would say to me things like, well, there weren't really any seed funds at the time. What would you have done if you couldn't raise money? And it never occurred to me I wasn't going to raise the money. And you know, it's funny because I couldn't even spell LP, but it was just completely obvious to me that like that wasn't the question that mattered at all. The question that mattered was how soon are we going to back Thunder Lizards when they're lean startups? That was that was what mattered. And so what I find is that  There was a top executive team where everyone was like that, right? You know, and they were kind of magnets to each other, if you will. But that, to me, when I would hear them talk, there was an element of, they were very humble, they're very realistic, but they were very confident in kind of a positive way that they were gonna be able to accomplish whatever that they set their mind to. You balance that with, sometimes you hear a founder's pitch and that confidence is actually a level  can't back up their insights. And when you ask them, when you push them, they just wave their hands. They just haven't been thoughtful. They haven't gone down the IDMA's at all. They just sort of, and when you ask them reasonable cause and effect questions, their response is, well, you're just stupid. Whereas what I find is the great founders, sometimes they are pretty arrogant,  to a founding CEO. And if the founding CEO answered every question thoroughly, he didn't invest. And the reason is that the founding CEO was better at doing their to-do list than prioritizing. And so what he wanted was a founder to say, look, if you want me to do another turn of this, I will. But like of the 10 questions that you asked, these are the two that really matter. So I went really deep on these two and I just did a barely good enough job on the other side.  to 15 patterns. They just all articulated a different way. But those little things of just knowing what to focus on and being determined to see it through kind of stick out through all these conversations. I want to switch gears a little bit and talk about COVID-19 obviously is raging on as we're recording this. What are you guys seeing kind of on the ground with these pre-seed and even some seed companies that the virus is either changing  cost ineffectiveness of our healthcare system, I think create an opening. I think that education, now we're all finding out what it's like to homeschool our kids and on some level, we may not never wanna do that again and never do remote education. But I think on another hand, we're starting to understand what works, what doesn't work. Related is remote work infrastructure. And so I think a lot of companies thought of remote work as distributed work  that the government seems to be, you know, whether they want to or not becoming an increasing fraction of our GDP. And that worries me a little bit, but I also have to be reality based about it. So I could see a world where the government in order to avoid deflation starts to fund back to work projects, sort of like at the end of the New Deal.  You mentioned both remote work and I'll call remote education or kind of homeschooling those seem to have a lot of overlap because the infrastructure may be positioned for different use cases, but for the most part there's everything from communication to literally the ability to video conference and do all of that. How are you guys thinking about kind of what level of the stack to invest in almost right? Is it something where you look at it as more of a platform  I love all that stuff, totally agree. But the way I would come at a question like that is to say, what are the inflections, technology adoption belief or regulatory that startups will be able to use as a force multiplier to get a wedge into the market? Because you can believe that the passion economy is gonna happen, but the beneficiaries or incumbents like YouTube and Instagram and Amazon and the people that are  that approach to things has felt durable for me in every market I've ever been part of. Here's another example. People say, I want to sell elder care. Now is the opportunity for elder care startups. I'm like, I agree. What's the inflection that lets a startup win there rather than just traditional companies extend their product lines or sell more of their products? So to me, it always comes back to the inflection.  non-consensus versus it to be a consensus idea, but they just are, you know, they have a nuanced perspective on it or they can just out execute people. Yeah. Well, and you know, your mileage may vary as an investor, right? So there are plenty of investors who would do a totally different set of things than I do and they can be right, right? So it's kind of like, it's kind of like what's your checklist and what's your access to the good opportunities. But I guess the way I,  And so like, I guarantee you, if you say, I don't know how many pitches you look at these days from founders, but I guarantee you if you said, what are your fundamental insights? Most don't have a good answer. And so I'm like, just because it's obvious doesn't mean people do it. And so, like for me, I'm just kind of simple. I'm like, if there's not an insight there, I get uncomfortable. But part of what I'm doing is I'm trying to provide a service to the founder because what I find  say you either have insights that you haven't figured out yet or you just don't have any and then you ought to ask, how do you feel about that? You're about to go to war for the startup idea. How do you feel about that? It almost feels like it's also a filter for persistence in some degree as well, right? To your point of like, if you don't have insights and you're running into the battle, at what point are you like, Oh, wait a minute, this, you know, this is combat. This is not fun. I want to turn around and go home versus if you have that true insight and  come at the worst times, you're gonna have founders arguing about which way to go. And so if you don't have authentic love for the insight and a determination to make it true in the future, you'll give up. You'll quit when it gets that hard. Whereas love conquers all. And so I think that that's really important. And what I find is that people who have an insight about how the world should be find it very important  more invention, right? They've got time to think and kind of do that. So maybe describe a little bit about why you think that's so important. I tend to agree with you, but we'll just unpack it a little bit more in terms of what you meant by that. Yeah. So most, most great founders that I've met, I've also learned in their past, they built something for its own sake, not because they were going to get course credit, not because they were going to get an allowance, not, not for any extrinsic  and go off into their room and put the keep out sign on the door and pursue an obsession at a degree of, at a level of intensity that they might not ordinarily be able to do. And I think that's a good thing. So I think that we're gonna find that a lot of inventions and breakthroughs from people who didn't know what the rules were supposed to be will come out of this period.  And they're usually kind of the unsung heroes or sort of like the offensive linemen in a football team, you know. And so these operators can be enormously helpful to startups. And so we wanted to start to have a very highly curated list of who we thought the best startup operators are, which is important because a lot of big company operators provide precisely the opposite of good advice to startups. And so Sean,  A lot of people want to ask investors about the cool companies they find and their process for finding those companies. But for those that do invest, they realize there's a whole other part of the job that usually doesn't get talked about, which is building floodgate, running floodgate, and kind of thinking about your own business. What are those changes that you guys behind closed doors are talking about?