 All right, guys, bang bang, I have Keith here, we are going to try to basically just download his brain on the state of the world and go for as long as we can. Thanks for doing this. Pleasure to be with you. For those that don't know who you are, the very few, what is your background? Let's just kind of go through that first so people understand what perspective you're coming from.  the company pretty successful. After that, we both had an IPO in 2002 and then later subsequently sold the company eBay after that. Kind of reunited with Peter Thiel and worked on incubating and funding new companies, new startups, particularly consumer startups in the wake of the internet bubble collapse when basically nobody else in Silicon Valley wanted to fund new and interesting companies other than really Peter Greenhoff. So a lot of people came to us, had some interesting ideas, promising ideas. We got involved in them in a very  called Slide, that was eventually hired, we built applications on social platforms, originally MySpace, for those of you old enough to remember MySpace, and Facebook, acquired by Google, left that a week later after being acquired, joined this kind of crazy startup, again, trying to reinvent payments for SMDs and micro-merchings, became the 21st employee prior to launch the company called, they became all known  I started as a lawyer, which I'm not sure I'd recommend. I spent most of my twenties in law school, clerking in the Fifth Circuit and litigating of all things, and then jumped sort of cold turkey into the internet world in 2000. You've basically done nothing. Like it's like, uh, you're, you're just starting out. Yeah. Well, you know, like, look, I got 30 something that the current standards I've got over 30, I got about 30 years to run for president. So, uh,  world. I think the Asian countries had an advantage because to some extent SARS was an early version of the same. And so most of the countries that dealt best with the problem saw earlier generations of viruses that were out of control and learned what that might look like. Whereas I think in the U.S. and Western democracies either we didn't have the experience or didn't believe it was credible that a virus would kind of escalate to this level. And we're basically caught off guard or with almost disbelief even though the  in the Western world for the most part. Germany's been a little bit better, but only a little bit better than other democracies in the West. And so I think, you know, we've sort of confronted basically an unprecedented problem with outlaw preparation. Trying to wing things in the middle of the crisis is usually not the best idea. We've seen lots of mistakes by the media, seen lots of mistakes by the CDC, lots of mistakes by the FDA, probably a lot of mistakes by the elected politicians. They've compounded.  or to make good decisions if you're actually looking at bad data? Yeah, well, the data lies in this case particularly, but in many cases, both time to infection, time to test, time to get results, you have to cohort on that, time to have severe severity, like we have to be hospitalized where you might die. You have to try to recover this like we do in our startups and it's the proper timestamp and time-coherting that data's gonna be a mess. So that's one. So it's rapid, and then a lot of information's rapidly evolving.  banned research and from both researcher and journalists from investigating the origins and you know what was causing this in the first place they suppressed the doctors you know kill or killed the doctors in China that were trying to warn the world so the world got off to a bad start through the active mismanagement by China with intent after that though for a variety of reasons the experts  of the virus, all the experts said you need to wear masks from the media to the World Health Organization. Just every single possible piece of advice that the medical media world gave us turned out to be wrong. Some of it just pure difficulty of predicting in a rapidly-environment world. Some of it I think ideologically suspect and some of it actually actively misleading. So fortunately these days, there are alternative sources of information, social media being one of the best ones.  that YouTube is barring videos that are inconsistent with the World Health Organization, where the World Health Organization has been wrong on every single possible topic about the virus. I think it's insane. I think after the virus is over, the government absolutely needs to call into account, needs to absolutely go after Google very aggressively, investigate this very carefully. Sundar and Susan published that there's their jobs over this. I think it's not bad and the Senate needs  very, very bored in the world that this was the very severe problem, that it was absolutely going to spread in the United States specifically, that people needed to start taking serious action, that absolutely needed to adopt masks and vigorous testing, investing the technology in the phrase, which we still haven't done. You can argue the wisdom of that. But, you know, one, bellwether was there were early warning signs on Twitter that allowed some people to take action. Insofar as there were any experts that seemed to be somewhat  you mentioned kind of YouTube using the World Health Organization as like the bar for accuracy of information. Obviously, we now start to question, well, if they were telling us not to wear masks and then they have to reverse the decision, how do you kind of give them credibility? And so how do you think about, if you are YouTube, if you are Twitter, like how do you come up with where those sources of information are and what can you trust and what can you not basically?  It should be a YouTube video. Anything other than that makes no sense whatsoever. It doesn't work. It backfires. If you want to read some great, you know, logical and historical work, you know, works on this, Stratecory and Metomson have done a great job talking about the fallacy of content moderation. And, you know, the mask example of WHO is just the canonical example of what goes wrong when you allow people to censor based upon perceived accuracy.  to involve the government, you know, there's like, there's a compulsory process, you know, that only the government has access to in certain ways. And in, you know, the Pentagon is always believed that Chinese spies have been for trade in tech companies. On some scale, Google, some of the protests against Project Maven are absolutely driven by Chinese spies. Google has done some internal investigations on this. But at the end of the day, that's the province of, you know, law enforcement, not necessarily companies.  Yes, you are taking it down because it doesn't agree, but you're also censoring. But I've even heard of videos being taken down that say simple things like drink vitamin C because it boosts your immune system. And that's not a WHO or CDC approved message for fighting the coronavirus. Yeah, that's insane. First of all, with that's what was surely going to be inaccurate, meaning like people take vitamin C will have done better than the people who didn't take vitamin C. Secondly, you know, the classic vitamin C controversy has been controversial.  any revolution in physics. It took taking on the Pope at the time. And that's pretty common for many things. Many of Einstein's theories were pretty damn radical. He was a patent clerk out of nowhere that basically changed physics and the human understanding of the universe literally in one year, in three papers, as some random patent clerk. So that anybody had filtered on the basis of credentials or  not as slow as possible. And that's what we're encouraging with these censorship paradigms.  Any variable, any KPI, any metric where you're not sure if the variance is within the directional accuracy is the most dangerous thing on its use. Once you establish a concert, a concert interval is above a certain direction or below, then it's very easy. You're going the right direction, just how fast you go. But when you do not know, you shouldn't be doing anything  who've died that were living in nursing homes ranges from the low end 25% to the high end 54%. If you knew in advance that a majority of the deaths were going to be a function of living in a nursing home, the entire set of policies one might rationally adopt would be very different. And in fact, actually, Governor of Florida was very criticized, particularly in the left wing media and among the blue check marks of Twitter. It turns out Florida is going to have one of the best situations in all of the United States in terms of  people on the beaches, et cetera, whereas the deaths are all being caused by people on nursing homes. And he had very strict policies very quickly about nursing homes. So sometimes you get distracted with the wrong shiny object, which prevents you from paying attention to the things that really matter. In this case, if we've done nothing except obsessively, compulsively focus on what can we do to save the virus, stop this, limit the virus spreading in staff and among staff and among residents of nursing homes,  has major consequences, just as they do in our companies. When the executives focus on the wrong things, if by definition they're not focused on the right things, which means those companies deliver sub-par optimization, sub-par performance, compared to companies where the senior executives know exactly their business equation, they focus on the two or three key variables, all the initiatives are prioritized against those two or three variables. So for example, in this case, I still don't know, and this is a critique that applies across the political spectrum, what's the variable we're supposed to be on?  the goal with tactical policies. So I think that's the first step and I very don't hear many people certainly in the U.S. of any political orientation articulating a goal. Yeah, well, I'll take it even a step further. One of the things that has been very confusing is as they go to reopen a lot of these economies, kind of what are the metrics? What are those KPIs that they're looking at so that if at some point they trigger something and they realize, wait, we should stop, right? We should actually send people back inside. It just feels  But I think one should specify what the goal is and then design a set of strategies that maximize the chance of getting there and minimize the collateral damage. Yeah. What if we can go back, what do you think could have been done differently to get more accurate data? Is it just testing and actually doing it the correct way? Or is there other things that you think could be a lesson learned? So if this happens again, we're better prepared. No, no, the testing reason. I mean, everybody talks about testing more test-based.  been difficult to stop the spread just on a testing regimen with the tests that are available. So scaling, scaling testing could have been done better. There's a lot of New York Times actually to their credit did do a pretty good expose on public CDC, Bosch, the ability to scale testing in the US, really the work private tasks available, private companies willing at scale provide the task and the FDA and CDC in combination didn't allow them for weeks, arguably months that, you know, was  like if you're saying compress the timeframe to weeks, what's the likelihood of not pretty low months, pretty low, your quarters gets better, years gets better. So I think it does matter. Also when you say vaccine or cure, are you talking like 100%, 50% like flu viruses typically have a 49 or 45% efficacy. Some solutions to major problems like true beta,  So I think there is a sustained timeframe almost in any, you know, any likely scenario that this is not something that we wake up June 1st, and everybody stops their fingers and we're like, thank God this is over. Yeah, you obviously been paying attention to a lot of the various drugs that at least are showing early signs of potentially working. And you and Zach Weinberg lit up Twitter with a knockout, drag out fight over what I think  It can be like a recommended treatment. It can be whether China, you know, was responsible for the virus. It can be some other policy. It's like what I, what I'm borrowing from a, actually a left-wing author, Brett Pauls Easton, is Trump derangement syndrome. I think most journalists and many people, including those popular on Twitter, tend to have Trump derangement syndrome. And they just don't think rationally after Trump puts his name on something. And so when Trump endorsed  if taken early enough. And the countries that have vigorously prescribed some version of the protocol using chloroquine or hydrochloroquine, which is basically a malaria drug that's been prescribed for 70 years, have seen very different results. Like Korea, Israel, Costa Rica have seen incredibly different results in other countries. But however, there's some studies that have been done,  It doesn't work. Well, it's not designed really to work for those patients. So it's not surprising. You need to take it very, very early among non severe patients. But in any event, you know, at some point, this will all get studied to death whether or not it matters to death, you know, at some point, maybe too late by time to figure it out, which is my general point. The traditional way science looked at medicine is looked at this is to use random control experiments. The problem is they take, there's several ones.  in a natural state because there's no way to do a random patrol. That makes no sense to me. I think we should be using statistics. And there's an example of mass statistics working very well. The positive version of this was we discovered that there is a drug that was prescribed for people with diabetes that tends to extend people's lives. And it just showed up by accident in lifespan data. Secondly, and this is especially among for compounds and substances that have already been shown to be safe in humans.  you're absolutely not going to control for that correctly. You're experimenting. You can even argue to some extent, some placebo effects are a function of not understanding the control group really well in what the driver is. So I prefer like mass stops, mass data, especially if the substance is widely accepted as safe over highly stylized controllers. But this is a very, very important thing to remember.  There was never a control group, a random control experiment that showed that smoking caused cancer. It was a mathematical derivation from statistics and people said, oh, we're just going to look the other way because our ideology supports this. So I think people are very critical, is at least a minimal viable critique. There was a famous VA study that studied the effect of hydrophilic cocaine, regressively, retroactively, so not a controlled experiment and showed it didn't work.  The methodology between the two studies is identical. I defy anybody to point out any improvement in the VA study versus the second one. But the media coverage is at least a hundred acts, about a thousand or more acts on the VA one. So I think people are just very ideologically hypocritical here. So another way to think about it is if you ask doctors, what would they do? 34% of American doctors would prescribe hydrochloroquine or silt.  grade kind of through this whole thing, right? Are we talking A plus, A minus, B plus, C minus? What would kind of the grade be? I think you'd have to decompose it. I think in February, you know, C and then say C instead of worse because you look at what many other Western democratic leaders did in February specifically, it wasn't any better. In March, actually, I'm not sure what else you could have  I think the congressional policy starting in March, I don't think that he would have done it differently. So I think starting then, the administration got attacked together. It's been pretty damn good, pretty damn thoughtful, pretty aggressive, and is trying to innovate, trying to suspend regulations that didn't make any sense. For example, the FDA historically, in the United States, doctors couldn't cross state lines. So if we needed more doctors in New York, California doctors couldn't help. But they said it's not possible, at least on a temporary basis.  February, other than some people in the Asian countries, particularly Taiwan, to some extent, Korea, less a little bit more mixed in Singapore. Israel seems to have been slow to the game, but very thoughtful and very productive starting in March. So it depends on the country, really. But I don't think anybody other than really like the Taiwan's New Zealand, New Zealand is kind of a different demographic.  that is literally crazy talk. Fast forward six weeks and we now have intelligence organizations saying we have a strong evidence that we believe this is accurate. You've had elected officials on television kind of pushing this narrative, et cetera. Not so much like, do you believe it or do you not? But how do you think through, one, will we ever actually know? And then two, would that change anything in either what's already transpired or how we should respond  whether the administration is willing to release those or not because by definition, if they do, it's gonna reveal how the level, the precision and probably the methods we're using to intercept the leadership of the communications among leadership of the Chinese government. And that's gonna be problematic. And so there's gonna be significant tension there. Like yesterday, when the secretary of state said unequivocally it came from the law,  to unleash on the world. I think that is not true based on any evidence I've seen. But whether people acted improperly, had improper policies that led to this problem being confronting the world, I think it's highly likely, and I think the US government and intelligence agencies absolutely have evidence of that. It was pretty obvious to me months ago because, again, Senator Tom Cotton, who's widely respected, has aspirations and we're sure  to validate this with unimpeachable evidence is going to be one of these classic espionage trade-offs. The other thing that confirms this in my own mind is it's my understanding that the senior Democrats, there's a process for briefing the other party, both the House and Senate have intelligence committees and minority versions of the same, that when there's higher, you'll be called financial intelligence, they are briefed as well. And despite the Democrats' general willingness to criticize  whether the appropriate reaction is to retaliate in some ways or not and what the appropriate steps are. So I don't think it's irrelevant. I think they clearly mishandled the communication of the severity and that's caused a lot of pain on the rest of the globe. And it was partially one way or the other designed to not look bad themselves and to prevent it.  matter though if you want to kind of understand what the likelihood is we can find something else. This is why it's pretty important is if we're going to see something similar understanding how it happened affects your opinion to probabilities about the likelihood of seeing something similar in the near term. So part of the reason why I love the internet is the second that the what was previously considered conspiracy theory looks like it has legs. You then get the other conspiracy theories that come out from there and probably the most legitimate argument I've seen is  along with the Iraq situation. There's going to be some people who are credible about it. That said, it's enough intelligence. You know, Democrats are briefed, including someone like Biden, and they realize that they can't draw on the limb being critical because Trump will eventually on top slide information. That they need to, at least the non-conspiracy theorists being pretty nuanced. So yes, I think any time, I mean, the reality is any time the government loses credibility  about that, not because of the crowds thing, but it's like that's the way exactly when you don't want to burn credibility. You need social capital and political capital for when you have to ask people to trust you. But I think we may be more likely in the Cuban Missile Crisis, it can be actually how to show the photos. And that was very controversial all the time too, because obviously revealed the precision of our satellite. But I think the US public and the rest of the world might have acted differently,  their intent, misgauged their capabilities. And one of the positives, even though Trump is not my favorite president ever, he did call attention to Trump and has called consistent attention to China and the threat posed by China, even as a candidate and as president, he's been very actively shining a light on some of their misbehaviors. And I think that's been a healthy thing. It's actually becoming a life-hardest sort of crusade, which is nice.  could, whether they were right or wrong. But now we've created an economic crisis off kind of the back end. And really kind of the biggest point, I think, is around this government mandated shutdown and the shelters in place. Let's just start at a high level, kind of how you look at or assess what's caused that economic crisis and good, bad. Should we have done something differently in kind of how you look at that? Yeah, absolutely. Well, the economic crisis is pretty easy to understand. We had the best U.S. economy.  to maintain employees, rents, et cetera. So that's the first generation of this is clearly government fiat. I do think that the government probably could have done things better. And even if you didn't have a Sweden strategy, if truly 50% of the people that were gonna be most devastated were nursing homes, obviously could have changed behavior there immediately in a very dramatic way without effecting  people were adopting social distancing prior to government mandates. So we probably could have done a lot of social distancing and had a lot of the benefits, sort of like 80% of the benefit and 20% of the rules right away. In addition, obviously we talked about masks, but how do we embrace masks? Either voluntarily or by mandate very early. The transmission rate and the safety associated with the virus or the downside associated with the virus would have been tremendously different and we wouldn't have had a lockdown economy if people were wearing masks.  started later and has done very, very well. In Australia, some small groups of activities are enabled. So below a certain size assembly, you can certainly go to your house and visit your friends. So I think we could have probably managed the virus without completely interfering with people's ability to be sane. Because I think what we're also doing is a classic bubble optimization problem of the health benefits and the health disadvantages and downsides of the virus are very clear in the short term.  and I guess part of this is, did they have another choice, right? Given the data we have, like I keep going back to, it's easy in hindsight for us to say, hey, there was probably some sort of overreaction, but go back to when they started to implement this stuff. I remember I think it was a little bit of a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a  or actually we just overreacted at the time? Well, I think that's right. I think it's fair to say, look, we have a crisis. Let's take draconian steps right away. But then I think it's also fair to say, well, as soon as you put into place draconian steps and have consequences, what I was saying when I got cut off was, I think there's some evidence that the impact of the virus is more concentrated in certain environments, indoor environments, nursing homes, et cetera.  from Europe, more travel certainly from China, and then waited too long and the whole history of the US could have been different, it would have been one to three weeks earlier on some of those decisions. So acting fast in a crisis is not a try or problem, but then looking how to, what are the signals that suggest I can choose this to get like 80% of benefits with 20% of the impact as fast as possible is also part of the responsibility of, you know, as an official.  there's some questionable things on what's essential and what's not. Like what's going on there? Yeah, I mean obviously this betrays the idea that this is purely just a healthcare driven decision. Opening, you know liquor stores being open is certainly not a health driven decision. As Jeff tweeted correctly, you know alcohol is an immunosuppressant. The last thing you really want to do if you're optimizing your health and your immunity system is drink alcohol. So I  maximize the or minimize the deaths in the United States. So we're going to keep liquor stores open. That seems kind of silly. I mean, imagine like it is so perverse in California right now. It is insane. Our beaches are shut down. Our parks are shut down. And the liquor stores are globally open. There is no rationality that makes any sense behind any part of that statement. And anybody who's, you know, people should be really criticizing Governor Newsom on this is  you get lumped into, hey, you're an essential business, you're allowed to stay open, but the small business competitor in many cases is being shut down or not allowed to compete. And it just feels like it's very arbitrary, right? So I'm not even saying that I've got an idea as to what a better solution to determine it is. It just feels like once you step into the game of playing Kingmaker really, right? Saying, hey, your business has to shut down, but yours doesn't. It's a slippery slope that I just don't think that there's a good answer,  challenges. And I think to some extent the health of like 50 different states, different communities within each state, allowing them to draw different lines and see what works and what doesn't is a great thing. Like the federal assistant. A lot of them are learning the benefits of federalism for the first time. Something taught certainly in high school and maybe people gloss over. Obviously in law school you debate and you know, contemplate the history of and learn the legal principles of precedent behind.  in the last six weeks. You've got hundreds of thousands, if not millions of small businesses that are shut down. Some percentage are not coming back. You've got a number of industries that have literally seen all of their economic activity evaporate. My favorite stat was the third week in March in 2019, US domestic box office did 200 plus million dollars in weekly revenue. This year it did less than $5,000, right around $5,000. So you got 99% evaporation of revenue.  consequences of that, I don't know, and how to measure that. I'm not a big macro economic thinker in where there's always price to these decisions, but how bad is a price? So for example, you already bought a debt, right? Obviously, period. Now the problem though, is not quite as severe as enlightenment in other times in American history, because the interest rate of that debt currently is so low.  So there's a lot of distortions that are going on, but in the short term, it feels like the Fed has minimized the short term impact on the US economy. Thoughts around bailouts and kind of some of the more specific actions to either bail out of specific companies or industries and for that against that? Yeah, well, generally, I mean, I'm a conservative, I don't sort of like, Nicki Hellier