 What's your favorite part of the show?  a lot of kind of fun, you know, cool stuff starting to happen. But what was life like pre going to Virginia Tech? I was living in a log cabin in Northern Virginia, Loudoun County, before the political wealth moved from DC to Loudoun. So Loudoun was not exploding at this point. So it was 45 minutes west of DC, lived in a log cabin in the woods right on Goose Creek. And I was, you know, I spent most of my summers either building connects, you know, the little, you know, you know, connects are Lincoln logs, Legos, or chopping  big one locally where there's this massive slide that went down a hill, a hay slide. And so where you go, you get in a sack and you slide down. I was the guy at the top of the slide that made sure the kids, there was 10 seconds between every time they went down. So they wouldn't hit each other. It was my first job at like 10 bucks an hour. Then it was soccer refereeing. And so I liked making money and saving, but ultimately I love just building and construction. And so I looked at kind of who had the top programs in the country. Virginia Tech was ranked up there towards the top. So I applied and got in, but things quickly changed when I heard seniors out there.  entrepreneurship and it seems like both a mindset shift, but also a mindset shift that drove changes in your actions. So maybe talk a little bit about like why the mindset shift, how did that happen? Was it something you read or somebody you talked to and then kind of what you actually put into action coming off of that mindset shift. So freshmen and sophomore years at Virginia tech, I picked up a part time job at West End Grill flipping burgers and I had the optimization between the chicken tender,  And even today I correlate those two together, right? I think there's enough correlation there. So I started selling Facebook fan pages actually. So maybe we actually share a little bit of brotherly DNA in this regard, you or ex-Facebook as well. But I was selling when the Facebook fan pages used to have long banners. It was like 300 pixels across the top and like 600 pixels long for fan pages. I would sell those custom graphics to like celebrities and I would basically cold email them and say, Hey, you don't have an executive Facebook fan page profile cover.  Like why don't I go to X a bunch of times? So maybe talk about like, like, do you remember what that first sale actually was? Yeah. My first sale, uh, was from a lady named Audra who ran a fan page called women. Oh, no. And it was a U T O. She ran her own mechanic, like shop. And I created her custom fan page. And I actually, page 34 in the book, I put the screenshot of the invoice. It was a $700 invoice. She paid me. That was my first ever money where like, I felt like I did it myself.  I love it. And so as you started to do this, at what point did you say, hey, look, actually I want to write a book about my experience. Was that something you knew you always wanted it to do or right out of the gate? Or did you actually kind of get further in the process and then say, now I want to write it? Well, Mr. Bone, my, I think it was 11th grade English teacher would tell you this guy, Nathan Latka has no idea how to write a thesis paper, much less has no business writing a book because I got  to build her own Facebook fan with the drag and drop platform. So you know this world well, this was the age of Involver, Wildfire, Vitru, Buddy Media, these drag and drop fan page kind of app builders. And that's the space I played in my first SaaS company, heyyo.com, H-E-Y-O, which, you know, we raised a venture capital for, we grew it to about $5 million in sales. And I sold it in 2015 to our number one competitor called Vodago. So that's still live. Now, once I sold that, then I got into the podcasting game, which led to the book.  million and a half of sales. But then over time each year we were declining about six to seven percent every year. And one of the biggest mistakes I made was that that prime year 2012 when Vichter, Wildfire, Buddy Media, all these guys exited for hundreds of millions of dollars. We got a smaller offer. It's on page 243 in the book from iContact for six point three million dollars. And I couldn't sell the I wanted to sell the business. I own 60 percent of it. So that would put a lot of money in my bank at 21 years old. The problem was I'd raised two million from  I mean, really at a pop, I'd call it a discount flash sale. I just wanted to end and move on to the next thing. Cause my biggest value in life at that point was not building a business. It was the opportunity cost of my time. No kids single can be anywhere. You got to do something bigger than a Facebook fan page builder. Yeah. I actually know some of the folks from eye contact. It was in North Carolina. Ryan, Ryan, Alice, right? Yeah. Yeah. And before he went out to San Francisco. Yeah. Awesome. Uh, so, okay. So, and then help us understand. So once you write the book, uh, what's that process look like?  I was like, I'm not going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going  I've never had an author come to me with signed invoices on a book that doesn't have a title yet. He then took those to about seven authors and publishers and those publishers of the 70 email three wanted in person meetings in New York, went into board meetings, had the conversation and got a book deal with Random House. And the trick with that negotiation was you want the publisher to give you an advance that's much larger than the average, you know, the average advance today is probably three or four grand. You want to get something between like 200 and 800  from like a value standpoint. Yeah, I mean the book is really, look, like the Amazon reviews I think really are actually pretty accurate. The most common comment I get is this feels like an updated four hour work week, which is, look, it's a big compliment. I'm a big fan of Tim. I'm a big fan of everything he's doing and four hour work week was massive in my childhood in terms of reading it and growing up along with Rich Dad Poor Dad. But like the big takeaway is there's just a ton of screenshots in the book of like how I did things like launch my podcast on Patreon  with a lot of capital. For sure. And the book is called How to be a Capitalist Without Any Capital, which is a pretty catchy title there. And obviously, it kind of leads to this idea of I don't think you wrote the book as a personal finance or a finance education book, but that's really to some degree what you're showing people, right, is how to use their time, which is an asset, how to use a lack of capital, which someone look as an obstacle to your advantage and to build a sustainable business that can drive  I wrote a bestselling book and this is totally the wrong reason to write a book, but I was like, I wonder if I can write a book. I wonder if I could do this. I'm like, well, how do I get leverage? And so the way I got leverage is every time I had a podcast guest on my podcast that had a book, I would take a screenshot of their Amazon rank before I released the episode and a screenshot of the Amazon rank right the day it released. And I'd email and say, Hey, released your episode. Love to see that it's selling books. Your Amazon ranked increased by like 30,000 spots. Right.  on the distribution side after the product was built. Now what you're seeing actually is the reverse where people go build up the distribution, they build out big audiences, and then they figure out what product I want to sell this audience or kind of this, these eyeballs, right? Maybe talk a little bit about how you think about that, that shift and how that's changed what you're doing on a day to day basis. The number one thing I spent time on at Heyo was trying to convince affiliates that our 30% cut we would give them is worth them like emailing our list about us. And I hated it because I was doing  and I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing  I have like a home studio that cost me about 30 bucks. So these quick to put together. Uh, the second thing is though, how do you start getting big guests on the show? And so what I, cause I had no show. So what I did is I emailed about a hundred people I wanted on the show and basically said, Hey, I'd love to do an episode with you. We will have a million downloads by the, by, by winter, basically we're launching August. And so what they heard was we have a million downloads, but I said, we will, I have the emails, we will have a million that confidence allowed me to get about 10% of those interviews actually done.  And so I just kind of, I call it elephant bumping. You're just connecting and you're using other people's audiences and delivering value into your audience. And so that bumping got us to more than a million downloads by that winter. Today, the show has more than 10 million. And I look at, you know, I look at the podcast almost probably, I think maybe how Native Americans looked at corn, right? It's a thing to trade. It's like bartering. It's like, you know, I have,  expensive magazine out there these days. And then from that, I just listened to what entrepreneurs wanted and a lot of them said, Nathan, we don't want to get diluted from VCs. We really like, we have a great business with health unit economics. Why can't we get debt, debt, basically cheap debt? So I said, Oh my gosh, that's what I should start doing. I should start loaning money to SaaS companies, then keep their companies as they scale. And that's what I'm doing today. I think we'll deploy probably anywhere between 15 and 20 million in capital into SaaS companies over the next  And so I got, you just, you guys wonder how people get reality shows. This is how it happens. I got blasted with about 30 emails from production companies the day Random House announced that they signed me to this book deal. From that, I basically picked one of these production companies to work with. They even said you need to hire an agent. So I had WME, UTACAA kind of battle a bit, ended up signing with CAA. That signing allowed me to do a lot of different things. I had a lot of people sign up with me.  If you build a magazine the right way, it can be massively profitable. I mean, almost 80% of fortunes, fortunes, even at that time, this would have been back a year and a half ago. So 2018 came from their women's events, not like all their events, their, their Forbes top or sorry, their fortune top women event, because each ticket was $10,000 and the minimum sponsorship was 500 grand. I mean, they were doing a lot of millions. We'll just call it a lot of millions from that.  a raw data Excel version of the data we put in the magazine for founders, VCs and analysts to analyze. And so our average cart value at checkout for the magazine is actually about $78 with the upsell. And so that's why I tested it in one month. It was profitable. And I said, we got to keep building this. And that's why the math that's what I've continued to the magazine today. And then obviously to get 10,000 plus people to subscribe to the magazine, you're probably not going to get a chance to do that.  check on their receptionist, they sit down, they'd wait, they'd pick the thing up off the coffee table, reading, go, wow, if Andreessen's reading this, I should too. They would then sign up on the spot on their phone, right? It's, you know, via the link, right? It's, cause we put the link, basically there's a call to action on the cover that says, to your copy of the magazine, or so you don't miss out next month, go to natefulmarket.com forward slash magazine. And then boom, they would sign up. So that was one strategy, just word of mouth. The second was one person at a company would grab it. And then I would look them up on LinkedIn,  So my book placement at the front of every airport shop, my magazine placement on every magazine rack. Why? Because nobody else is buying airport placement right now. No one's traveling. So I'm locking all this stuff down for the next decade right now using the book sale through data plus the magazine sale data, the margin data to lock these things down. It makes a ton of sense. And it also feels like, you know, once you figure out one piece of it, so whether it's the podcast, the book, the magazine, maybe 70, 80% of the knowledge  is I only record two days a month usually, but they're 15 minute episodes with a five minute break. So it's 20 minutes total for one episode to record. I'll do three an hour and I'll record from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. So I'll knock out like 25 episodes in a day. And my thinking is always, if I only work that one day, right, a month, how could just that audio data and the video with my guest create a bunch of other assets? And so there's a whole system where that one audio and video file then gets  that I think is the opportunity for most content creators today is with the same time input, how can you generate 20X the returns, 20X the audience with that same time input from you recording a two hour episode or me recording a 20 minute episode? For sure. And let's talk a little bit about, you have this SaaS database and it's all over kind of your Twitter bio and stuff. And there's probably passive traffic that comes through that, but maybe talk just like what was the genesis  I'm like, well, heck, I'll just name my podcast, the top podcast. It's like, I get so much organic traffic just because I named it the number one search term. And so now I own that term. So you're laughing because you're like, Oh my God, this is like so stupid. It's like simple, stupid, but that was it. And so what I learned was the episode that started doing the best were not the ones with like an Instagram influencer. It was the ones where I was putting on a bit of a show. And what I mean by that is I would interview a founder and ask them questions  And so I started just doing this same format over and over. And eventually when I had about 500 episodes published, people were messaging me or putting on iTunes, Nathan, you have so many shows recorded, where do I start? And I said, Oh my gosh, I got to make these searchable somehow. And that's when we basically came up with a spectrograph, which converts the audio file to about a thousand images. And it will know when the CEO says we passed, you know, a hundred million in revenue. It knows the CEO said a hundred million. It puts that as a huge issue. And it's not just a big issue.  You know, we have a lot of CEOs who come on or their PR firm reaches out because we have a show doing very well. They'll say we'd love to have our guests on, but they don't, the CEO is not prepared. And so I hit them hard and they're like, oh my gosh, PR team, don't let Nathan publish that. I shared way too much, but I'll publish it like seven times. It was so good. All right. And so this is make them happy. And then they end up complaining to the press and the press writes really nasty things about what I'm doing. But ultimately I think the software environment overall appreciates  I kept doing it and how I kept building the show. Got it. And what do you do when they complain, right? Like I've had people come on and literally call me up and say, Hey, can you edit this out? You know, they're freaking out, except like, how do you handle that? When I record with somebody and they know it's public and then they email me and moan about it, I just sense total weakness. I think, come on. Like, yeah, you didn't sound perfect. But like, it was a moment when  And so, so I've never added an episode. I've published all of them. We have a lot of cease and desist, but they don't go anywhere because again, every founder signs the waiver that says we own the rights to the audio before they schedule. Yeah. And I guess part of this too is as you, as you think about this, like, are there elements that you can use the data for a, whether it's investing or not, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know,  companies, you know, hundreds of millions of dollars worth of deals, right? Whether it's raising, selling, whatever, buying other companies over like between 2016 and 2018. And in 2018, I said, you know what, I should start doing some of these deals myself. So I started writing checks into VC funds as an LP and watching how the VC funds analyze these companies to learn. And I realized, wow, I think the real opportunity here is actually to create a new asset class. And what I mean by that is,  or if I don't do the loan directly, I can sell the credit score to a bank or to a VC firm who's running diligence on the company with the founder's permission. And so this credit score is, you asked, is it just a clever way to create the podcast to create a database? The answer is at first, yes, sure to make money. But now what I'm doing is I'm using this massive data set. We're tracking about $20 billion in real time revenue from private B2B SaaS companies via their plaid connection to our tech stack. So we have direct access to their bank accounts.  What do you think the risk is, or if you looked at this and how to play kind of devil's advocate with yourself, what is the thing that you're like, Hey, here's where we could mess this up. Or here's where it could actually be a negative thing that to kind of counter all of those positive aspects of this. You try and study history, right? So you study milk and in junk bonds, you studied general just debt and how debt is used in governments. And you just, you just try and study debt historically. And so the critical things with any debt is you have to have a lot of money to get  where I can deploy capital into SaaS companies, you know, less than 60 seconds after they connect their bank account with our tech stack, because I can run the credit score very quick. So I don't need an underwriting team. I don't need a fancy office space. It's just a credit score. And when you add up all the private software companies in the world today, there's a lot of different estimations on what that total value might be worth. But you can just look at the public SaaS market, look at the Bessemer Venture Index. I mean, this is going to be a multi-trillion, trillions and trillions of dollars a year over the next 10 years.  And so I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question.  This is gonna be a very popular thing. What I'm gonna try and do is loan money where two software companies where there are no restrictions on how they spend it. You can spend it on people, you can spend it on your Facebook ad spend, or you can spend it on your AWS spend. But my goal is because I have the largest data set is that I can best price the software company's risk of default. And because of my best pricing, Algo, I can give them the cheapest price. And in this space, in my opinion, Pomp, because I'm not like a VC selling my network value, if you take my money,  we get to that commoditized level, like what is the price of capital become? Does it just get driven to zero? Like is there some point where it actually just goes to zero cost of capital? Well, this is a little bit, I mean, why I've enjoyed our conversations and I'm trying to interview more people with traditional banking and fine like FinTech backgrounds. I don't yet know the direct correlation behind fiscal policy, let's just say in the United States and cost of software debt. Like all I know is that with the 0% interest rate,  So my current theory is if you continue to see federal balance sheets of governments across the world growing because money is being printed like crazy, it's going to drastically undercut VC's ability to get meaningful chunks of private software companies because debt is going to be so cheap. Like that's my current thesis. So I'm keeping my pulse on getting more cheap capital. What that means is I will take my current loan tape, refinance it with a bank, sell the base, not sell, I still hold the paper.  trying to study right now. Yeah, it's super interesting. I don't think anyone knows the exact answer, right? Yeah. We kind of generally know what should happen, but just like we're seeing the stock market explode when the economic data is going bad. It makes no sense to me. What's your take on it? Why do you think it's happening? Well, so look, thankfully, I'm a guy where like, I don't have to give much thought to what other people think of me. So I'll just say it exactly like it is.  is very, very wealthy. When you print money, right, it drives obviously, will eventually drive inflation. The winners of inflation, and you preach this, are asset holders. Asset prices go up. The losers are those in cash. I mean, we just saw Buffett yesterday, right? What did he do? Like the airlines are getting a bailout. A lot of people are saying, well, you should buy equities right now based off what you think Trump's gonna bail out, because their equities will pump. What did Buffett do? He sold all the airlines, which just agreed to a massive bailout.  you think he is bullish, you know, never bet against America and all this kind of stuff. But there was two key points. One was he didn't strike in March when asset prices, you know, in the public markets went down 30%. So he didn't deploy capital. But then also two was he sold the airlines, right? So he was actually shedding assets rather than acquiring them. And what that told me was he probably thinks it's going to get worse before it gets better. I don't know if you took away the same thing. I don't  and I'm like, oh, I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I'm gonna save this money. I  and capitalism off the bottom, which is just, it's backwards. So, I mean, Andrew, I spend a lot of my, or sorry, pump, I spend a lot of my time talking to people like you pressed, like just anyone to try and understand when this thing actually breaks. When does this break? And are the current government officials, like if I'm Trump, I'm actually trying, I'm trying to drive a bigger wedge between the have and the have nots to create chaos, because that's what's gonna get me reelected. So that's what drives me crazy about all this is they're actually  is really bad, but short term, like the reason why the stock market has recovered is most likely because the central bank actions, right? So like they've done a good job of stabilizing and then driving some recovery. The question is, is it sustainable, right? Or will we see just another correction here in the coming weeks? And then two is, what is the right trade off between the short term pain versus the long term benefit and vice versa? I think a lot of people who are complaining about the Fed actions are saying, look, long term, this is bad. Like we should always optimize for the long term rather than the short term.  Maybe talk a little bit about how you're thinking about that right now. And if you were one of those people who had just gotten laid off, what would you actually do on a tactical basis in order to kind of move in that direction? Yeah. So, so when I say like go do like that side hustle thing, what I mean is, is it comes into like a core belief I have, which is right now developers, if I asked you, does a develop like a code or a developer at Microsoft get paid more or less than an artist and a Brooklyn warehouse,  creativity and empathy, the emotional side. You hear about these robotics companies, the hardest thing they have to replicate is not like the physical movement of the elbow on the robot, because that's easy. It's making the robot cry when the human it's talking to says something sad. And so I fundamentally believe that a decade from now creatives will be making more than developers. And so with that kind of Lego block of truth, I try and think about what's not going to change over the next decade.  you should try and when we're all on lockdown trying to survive and we have family members sick, it's not to say you should try and like be productive at all hours of the day, but you do probably now have some free time where you're not in the office and you should double down on building some of these channels. My version of that is I'm doubling down on channels that used to cost me a lot of money to secure that I can now get really cheap because no one else is spending money in those channels. Yeah. It makes a ton of sense and complete arbitrage. Uh, one of the, one of the things that, uh, is kind of a hot topic,  you have to look at what's been done already. So, okay, let's look at podcast one, right? So that's, that's one model, which is like, get the talent signed, get a rev share agreement, and then podcast one will cross promote you, but also drive you ad revenue. You then have companies like advertised cast and that are just pure ad base. They'll say, Hey podcaster, give us some inventory. We'll fill it with ads to monetize. You then have this other approach, which is like, let's build sort of like this network, right? So like block works group is a good example. Now,  out of the 10 million people paying you four bucks a month, if her audio tracks get downloaded 3% of the time across all total downloads that month. Like you have to start splitting up that one subscription fee amongst all the talent under your umbrella. And I just think, probably I think that equation is a much harder equation than just selling ad inventory. Have you seen someone you feel like is doing this the right way or is doing the best job, the Netflix for podcasts?  of either episodes or AMAs or kind of after the show type content. To me, like that would probably work. I agree with you that I'm not so much sold on like, let me buy a subscription to a platform and then I get access to all of this content. Cause I don't think the unit economics makes sense. And also to the consumers aren't yet conditioned to pay for podcasts in general, they may pay for a one-off. Like you and I probably would could pick five podcasts that if they went behind a paywall, I'd pay for it.