 What is your background?  forget that there was two bubbles in 2013. The March 2013 bubble when the price spiked, I saw that happen and realized that there was no mobile app that provided real-time market data. So I co-founded that with a buddy and that became one of the most popular crypto apps in 2013. We got acquired by blockchain.com. I came on board there as director of product, worked there for about a year, then went to Change Dip. Change Dip did micropayments over social media. So those tipping bots that you see on Reddit and Twitter,  this thing actually works.  to end up being the people who built those companies? Or what do you think was kind of the commonality? Yeah, that's a great question. So I think that early cohort of Bitcoin adopters, a lot of the products and services that we see here today, like wallets, trading infrastructure, hadn't really been developed. So these individuals loved Bitcoin so much that they wanted to go build that infrastructure. You know, Trade Hill, the first US exchange was co-founded in 2011. And that was based on  and bus cycles at this point, kind of talk through just like the very first one where you saw Bitcoin explode in value and then turn around and crash over a period of time. Like what was the general emotions where people like, hey, it's over. Kind of just talk to you a little bit about that very first one that you experienced. Yeah, so I actually started to dig through some of my old emails to look for the first time I mentioned the word Bitcoin.  there's no reserve, there's no central bank sort of cropping it up. So it seemed like the wild west. I think 13 was the one I remember the most though, because I was out here in San Francisco. I was plugged into the space, you know, you could feel the energy and vibe when you went into the meetup. Now while there's only a dozen people at the beginning of the year, by the time March came around, when the price spiked to 260 from $10, there was over 100. You had like light speed venture partners,  that was super weird. I mean, it had barely been covered by mainstream press. You gotta remember this is pre-coin desk days. It wasn't even coin desk around. So the main areas, the main places that I learned about Bitcoin were Bitcoin talk or the r-bitcoin subreddit. And so I think that kind of earlier vibe was, it was pretty wild to see like it become, start to become mainstream or a little spark that this might be something bigger than just a group of nerds in a small room in San Francisco.  like really remember and paid attention to. And I went to the BitGo having party down in, I think they're down in Palo Alto at the time. It was pretty boring, to be honest. I mean, the content in this space was basically non-existent, even though CoinDesk, you know, different crypto publications existed. And there were great thought leaders like James and Lop had a good blog at the time. It wasn't nearly the plethora of podcasts, YouTube channels, great content writers.  enthusiasm. Kraken's hosting a VR having event. Kraken has hundreds of employees and back then it had dozens. So just a huge, I think, distinct difference in terms of size of the community and enthusiasm and support. That content helps us all reinforce that narrative with each other that we're into Bitcoin for XYZ reason. And without that narrative support, it feels very lonely. But I feel very, very much connected  looking at the price and didn't kind of think about, I think what a lot now as more kind of financial aid to people and stuff have come in the understanding of the supply shocks and things like that. Yeah, I mean, it was very much like this is an event, but it wasn't like, oh, this is going to guarantee a speculative bubble to occur after this. I think a lot of people have theorized it. We got to remember that 2012, the space was so tiny that not a lot of people felt that that was a valid data point. So 2016 really validated that the reduction in supply could  circulating supply as in like the, you know, we look at UTXOs and we can look at a lot of coins haven't moved four or five, six years, two, three years. I mean, I'm talking about active supply. So, you know, I think that no one, there wasn't stock to flow models back then. There wasn't a lot of like intellectual rigor. I mean, TUR to beaster was basically the only Bitcoin economist. A lot of people, you know, we've got so many great thought leaders, like thought leaders in the space now, but TUR was like,  technical rigor as to like why we hypothesize a supply cut may make demand a little bit more sensitive. But you know that really didn't exist back in that day. For sure. And I guess is that the biggest difference you see between then and now was just like that more kind of rigor and scrutiny and analysis or the other things that you kind of can pinpoint and say hey look this is a big difference today going into the third having then in the  didn't know if Bitcoin was going to come back after Mt. Gox collapsed. We've got dozens of venues, Kraken being a super strong one. We've got dozens of venues. We have all these institutional pipes plugged in, and I know you've talked a lot about that. All of this stuff. We've got tens of millions of hodlers. We've got great content to reinforce that shared belief and faith in Bitcoin. Bitcoin survived a global pandemic where we saw markets just have a huge sell-off.  far beyond what I thought it was capable of doing in its short lifespan. So I think that the compare and contrast here from back in the day compared to now is that Bitcoin has demonstrated its resiliency and has become so large that my original investment thesis when I purchased it in 2012 was that it is a gold 2.0. It has largely demonstrated that over the last eight years I've been in this space. Yeah. The most important question around the halving is, is it halving or halvening?  hard to wean off of that. For sure. Now one of the things that is kind of a double edged sword, if you will, is the financialization of Bitcoin. Right. So back in 2012 up till let's call it 2017, 2018, it was pretty much if you were into Bitcoin, it would I don't want to say anti Wall Street, but definitely had a different vibe, different ethos, a different community than a lot of what you see in Wall Street and traditional finance or legacy finance.  How do you think about this, right? Like what are the positives and negatives and kind of where do you think that we come out on a net basis? That's a great question. I think there's a lot of anxiety in this space around what happens when the institutions do come, you know, in late 17, we hypothesize that they would come a little bit earlier. And I do think they will come as I see it as some sort of an inevitable thing that will occur. It's nothing to be afraid of. I think a lot of people look at this and there's this anxiety around, okay, what happens when Wall Street comes?  potentially options have the ability to dampen the downside risk for miners, which is a good thing. So maybe we have more continuous hash rate rather than difficulty adjustments that are lower difficulty adjustments. So I don't think it's a bad or good thing. I think it's a basically market neutral thing. It's how markets work. They essentially allow the efficient price discovery. They allow market participants to hedge certain types of risk. All of the different financial instruments that I've seen come out  We do see that after a decade or two, we typically have like bank runs, people go to their bank, the bank has done fractional reserve banking, and their money may or may not be there. Fractional reserve banking in and of itself is not a bad thing. The bank compensates you for that risk by offering you an interest rate. You should be evaluating the different risks that the banks in which you deposit your coins at or deposit your money at. You should be evaluating the risks in which you are being compensated for with that interest rate.  guarantee that you have when you hold Bitcoin yourself, that's phenomenal. I think that alone is a huge breakthrough in the world economy. And so yes, if you choose to take on more risk and give your coins to different lending companies out there, you're being compensated for that risk. Now is three, five, 6% enough? I don't know. That's a subjective thing, but I don't think it's an inherently bad thing. Yeah. And I guess this kind of leads into another aspect of the financialization is you  non Bitcoin type audience doing that? Or do you think it's maybe kind of everyone in the market? Yeah, so the concern over whales because we're all minnows and dolphins as some people put it, you know, we're worried about these whales splashing around and causing us to you know, causing these really intense price gyrations. Whales have been a concern since 2012. I remember a lot of the Bitcoin talk there. I think there's a wall observer is one of the oldest threads on Bitcoin talk where people talk about giant  in terms of number of hodlers, liquidity. And liquidity, what I mean by that is the bid ask spread, the depth of the order book and volume. As those have all increased, so you have more market participants and greater liquidity, the ability for a whale to influence the market is diminished because there are more market participants that they have to fight against, which would be, I guess, what you could call maybe like a true price, a price minus the influence of one single participant.  who's incredibly bullish. I get this all the time. There's a bunch of people asking what percent of your assets do you have in Bitcoin? And then what other assets do you have? And how do you think about kind of portfolio construction in general? Yeah, so I take an incredibly risky and I would not advise this sort of portfolio construction, but I am over 90% of my net worth is in Bitcoin. Now, this isn't something to where, you know, I bought a lot of Bitcoin back in the day.  If I ever were to invest in anything else, it's an incredibly easy walk through the park of going, oh, I lost 10% of my money today? Sure, it's real estate. It's not going to just disappear. It's like a physical item. So I think I've taken an incredibly risky maneuver. I'm younger, so I'm in my early 30s. So I can take this sort of risk. I don't have a wife or kids. I don't have a mortgage. So for me, I've very much gone risk off.  But if that 10 X is now that's 10 percent of your portfolio, which is super meaningful. And Bitcoin, as you've probably mentioned on on this podcast before, is uncorrelated. It's an asset that when you add it to your portfolio, improves your sharp ratio. So it improves your return per unit of risk. So Bitcoin as an asset is, I think, a necessity for any portfolio as to what percentage. I think a lower one for most people due to how volatile it is. I mean, let's put it this way. I've lost a lot of sleep and I'm surprised  day and so there's not one moment where you're like holy shit and then the really big volatile moment that happened since 2017 or 18 was actually a 40% increase in one day I think it was you know kind of mid last year and so you know generally most people had seen some volatility relative on the Bitcoin side but not true true volatility until in March when there was a 50% drawdown in a single day and I you know literally there were people like hey man like is it going to zero  or an investment, it's looking at it objectively and going, what do I find out of this? What do I really believe in? What are the traits about this opportunity do I find that I want to hold? And so HODL, I think, represents conviction. It represents in this world of being able to easily switch between different options. It shows belief in conviction and something. And so to HODL, Bitcoin requires immense amount of belief. What's funny is a lot of people got in late seven  For example, what happens when an altcoin pumps and you're holding Bitcoin and you're tempted because that altcoin just three X You're tempted to go put your money into that you hear the sirens call Come come join this new narrative this new narrative around Eos or whatever. It's a it's a shiny new thing And so you're tempted to take your bitcoins and put them into something else and that's its own unique challenge Different even so than I'd say like the bear market. It's a distinctly different challenge to hodl. So I think that hodl  Right. They're just trading around being, you know, basically stupid. And rather than just holding the asset, trying to time the market. And as we know, humans are really good at selling when the price goes down and buying after it's ran up. Right. Not a lot of people are an incredible traders where they've got, they're plugged into different data feeds. They're able to fight that FOMO and fear, you know, really to be a good trader, you have to fight the opposite feeling of what you have. So if you're feeling greedy, then you sell. If you're feeling bullish, then you are feeling embarrassed and you buy. And so not a lot of people have that.  versus waking up at 2 a.m. and checking the price of Bitcoin on your phone, which we've all done. I still do it once in a while when there's an incredible bull run or there's a dip. When it dipped down to $3,800, I gotta admit, I woke up a few times in the middle of the night to check the price and see what was going on. I wasn't worried it was gonna go to zero, but it's always present, it's always there. Yeah, and that leads me to one of my favorite questions to ask people is just like, what would change your mind, right? So obviously, I think you and I both  your belief in Bitcoin. So the biggest worry that I would have is that FUD eventually permeates a Bitcoin hodler's mind so intensely that it would destroy their conviction. I mean, that's the only way to really kill Bitcoin is you have to kill the belief of Bitcoin in every one of our minds. And, you know, when Bitcoin hit 3800, that was still above crush depth. But with Bitcoin as Bitcoin survives over the years, it that's, you know, as Bitcoin survives, it builds more and more belief.  Bitcoin could go lower than that last previous high. There is no higher low and that sort of reverses Lindy. And so I call that like crush depth. And luckily we didn't go there. And I mentioned on Twitter, I was like, look, I think there's a material issue if Bitcoin goes below like 3000. That was the low for the 17 bubble, like 17 draw down through 2020 3000 was the low. If we go below that we're resetting Lindy. Bitcoin won't die, but it may take a few more decades than  none of us believe in it, which AKA means Bitcoin has died. So I do think that's a scary moment when, you know, if we saw Lindy effect get reversed, if we saw Bitcoin fall below that higher low, that to me would be a very worrying sign. Yeah. And it's really interesting that you think of it as like the price is a signal for belief. I don't think I've heard anyone really talk about that before, but I think it's a pretty, pretty good point. Yeah.  sold. The price is that one-way hash function that the compression of all the information in the world and represented in that one value. And I think that's really cool because it essentially shows us what people believe in Bitcoin. What's the aggregate shared belief? What's the whole world? What do we think about it compressed into one? And that's where a lot of people will go, oh, is the halving priced in? And I'm like, well, was it priced in 2012 or 2016?  Bitcoin who actually don't understand the halving, right? They don't realize how it works. They couldn't tell you how it works. And they don't have an idea of what the impact is. And even I'd go as far as to say, there's definitely people who hold Bitcoin right now who don't even know the halving is coming. Now, I don't think that's a big percentage, right? But there's some percentage of people who bought it, you know, a year ago, two years ago, three years ago, they're not paying attention to it. It's a long term investment for them. Maybe they check the price every once in a while, but they don't even know the halving.  really look at any sort of technical analysis or look at any research reports. They might've just bought Bitcoin because their friend told them to buy Bitcoin and they had a Coinbase account. That's probably a very large portion of all Bitcoiners. So yeah, I totally agree. So one of the things that is top of mind now for a lot of people as they watch the Federal Reserve print trillions of dollars and other central banks around the world is this idea of a return to sound money and the fiat experiment coming together  as they abuse their money, will they go? So a lot of, you know, people forget that Russia, China, and the US government all have gold reserves, and many others do as well. Germany, UK. So what happens if they return to the gold standard? What happens if they attempt to return to a period of being fiscally responsible? Well, I think we've kind of, with corona, before corona, I think that could have been a legitimate argument, but post corona with the amount of money printing that has gone on,  It becomes a larger and larger threat. Let's say Bitcoin hits in 8 trillion, 10 trillion market cap. Nowadays, legitimately a gold 2.0. Recognized globally as a gold 2.0. We could see banks, we could see these governments and central banks do that. Going back to a gold standard. However, a lot of these aren't audited. We have an audited Fort Knox in a very long time. It would severely constrain spending. And also, once you've lost  the underlying belief in this goal, the belief in the central banks, the belief in the government all resides in trust. And yes, they could go back to the gold standard, but they will probably have lost the trust of their citizens long before then. So it won't really make too much of a difference. Yeah. And it feels like, I think you talked about this on Peter McCormick's podcast about this idea of greed being built into the protocol. And when you talk about Satoshi and some of the design,  the speculative asset that they purchase goes up in value, then they can sell that and buy more things. So Satoshi, early on, before Bitcoin was worth anything, he built a viral loop into the product. And the one variable that he plugged in is that he assumed humans would be greedy, that they would speculate with Bitcoin. So Satoshi says, I'm somewhat paraphrasing here, but he goes, as Bitcoin's value rises, people become more aware of it.  he understood human nature really well. And I think that is something that a lot of people don't give him credit for. They go, oh, Satoshi coded up Bitcoin. Kind of. But his way that his marketing approach, like how he marketed Bitcoin to cypherpunks with the white paper was really smart. He used a lot of verbiage that they understood the way he understood human nature when it comes to being greedy and speculating was was really, really interesting. And then when we look at how Bitcoin protects itself, how proof  and objects on electricity. By from for doing that or proving that they did the proof of work, Bitcoin miners are compensated with the block reward. Now some people worry that as the subsidy decreases in that block reward over time, that miners won't be compensated properly. But what's interesting is that as the block subsidy has decreased, we've seen the US dollar value of the block reward increase exponentially. And that's due to speculative  Bitcoin's value rises, the blocker ward will become greater, which will financially incentivize the miners to behave properly, which will then protect the network, which is now protecting more and more money. So as Bitcoin grows in adoption, the security grows as well. It's not a linear one-to-one, but it still grows. And so that is really cool. And I don't think a lot of people really appreciate that, that Bitcoin security model grows with the growth of the network. For sure.  Why do you think that it could be one of those two? So what was really interesting about Hal is that Hal Ghost wrote PGP. He understood that to be the face of something was to also take the flack for it. So Phil Zimmerman, who was kind of a face for PGP, he, I think he had a legal battle with the US government for like 10 years. And so Hal Ghost wrote PGP for largely known as Ghost. He's been largely known for his work.  when Bitcoin's out. I mean, that's, I'm bullish, you're bullish, but that's crazy bullish. I mean, Bitcoin wasn't even worth a penny. And Hal Finney is going like, oh, it could be worth $10 million of Bitcoin someday. He also was the first recipient of a Bitcoin transaction and one of the first miners. If we look at like Hal Finney's language and his writing style, he's very, very much like Satoshi, very patient, very calm. There has been some analysis done of his writing and it's somewhat correlated. So I think  that takes so much self-control and so much maturity. I don't know of a human in my network that would have that sort of self-restraint. So this individual, I think, this individual or a very small group, I think it was probably one of those guys at least, Satoshi himself says that a lot of the work was influenced by Hal, Nick Zalvo, Wadi, Adam Back. I think it's one of those two.  nobody cares about Bitcoin, so who the creator is doesn't matter. Then you get into a highly speculative phase, probably actually around 17 and 18 when literally media companies were trying to figure it out. They really want to know. And then you get on the other side of the bell curve and Bitcoin is Bitcoin and people don't care about the creation story as much anymore because it's just this thing that they use. And as time goes on, the history doesn't matter. Totally. I mean, I don't think most people could  blockchain was special purpose built to build Bitcoin. I wrote an article that was a comprehensive analysis of Bitcoin security model. As people remember earlier in this conversation, I talked about how miners are rewarded with that block reward. When you look at how this was all constructed, blockchain technology is very bad at doing almost everything. It's not this general purpose, not this one tool for all things. It's blockchain's sacrifice and have trade-offs, and those sacrifices and trade-offs are really bad.  was that there are other use cases for blockchain tech. I think most blockchain tech out there now is basically trying to mimic the wealth effect of Bitcoin by producing a narrative that resonates. Ethereum is a good example. Ethereum started as a dapp platform. Now they came out with that because that resonates very well with tech people. I live in San Francisco, I've been here for eight years. Tech people hear the word dapp and they go, oh, an app, apps and app,  and application on Ethereum, right? Like as soon as we saw crypto kitties get any sort of meaningful attraction, which meaningful attraction means 10,000 users, I've built a couple of side project apps that have 10,000 users. Those were something I work on on the weekend, like this negligible, not even anything material, right? I've worked at Uber, I was on Rider Growth, which is that Rider app is the app that you all call Uber. I was working on that team with Andrew Chen, like we're looking at metrics that are 10 to 100 million, right?  It's crazy. So we're seeing one of the oldest alternative use cases for blockchain tech. We're seeing their narrative pivot to sound money. So I think overall, like the only surviving narrative here is probably going to be a sound money or money narrative. As we see that blockchain tech doesn't really work very well with other things. Now, of course, this is my personal opinion doesn't represent my employers, but just personally how I think about it. For sure. And I guess as part of it,  honestly don't matter. And I think part of that is there's a balance between like you want to encourage the experimentation and the innovation and and the work, right? Because it's good to have smart people working on things that are tangentially related and, you know, kind of in the same industry. At the same time, there's this element of like, should you be working on the next project? Or should you actually be taking your skills and time and resources and devoting them to the most important project? Right. And I think that balance is  that core entity that can give you a grant. There's nothing baked into the protocol like Zcash that gives X payouts for developers. And so working on Bitcoin is somewhat of a selfless act. It's hard to monetize that. And so other people felt that monetization through money printing was probably the easier way to go. You're a growth guy. I'm a growth guy. I think you worked at Snapchat, right? Facebook and Snapchat. Facebook and Snapchat, yeah.  it's tracking closer or farther away from product market fit. One might be a flattening of the retention curve to where users are sticking around and they're not leaving the platform anymore, they're not leaving the product anymore or the protocol. And so we've just seen a complete lack of product metrics and people came in and they bought these narratives because they were hoping it was gonna pump. There was very few product minded people going, wait, so what KPIs are you guys monitoring to monitor success? They were like, I don't know.  incredible individual in the space. He was also part of those early meetups in San Francisco. And that's where I met him for the first time back in the early 13. Jesse put tens of thousands of his own Bitcoin into Kraken. I don't think there's many founders like that. And I think that's a story that not many people know that I feel is important to reflect how much of a skin in the game a founder has in their own company. You know, when you look at other crypto startups or other startups in Silicon Valley, that's a very rare thing to see.