 What's your favorite part of the show?  companies wrestle with the changes the world is going through. Got it. And so maybe talk us through just like the body of work you do, right? So like, where are you consuming information? How do you kind of work through that information to make some of the analysis and like the actual process of your work? And then we can get into kind of what's happening now, but just so people have that context. Sure. So for process, to be perfectly blunt, I cheat. Most, let me kind of tell a tech story.  Well, now we've got algorithms that are actually writing stories. So we've seen this narrowing of capacity in the press, not just in the United States, but around the world, to the point that unless you're a national government putting out propaganda, you don't perceive a need for having an international news presence. And as this was going on back when I was at Stratfor in the 2000s, we had to develop our own. And so we started working with local reporters and local sources all over the world. And I still deal with, oops.  really, really loves her job.  you were mature at all its retirees at the top and mortality built it into a pyramid. And when you look at something like this, you're gonna have a very different economic structure than what you might have for a country, say, let's pick out, Italy's a good one. Here's Germany. Are you seeing Germany there? Or are you still in Italy? I am still seeing Mexico. You're still in the same, sorry. It's been a nuts story.  and has been driving the global economy for the last 30 years. What that means is we've been in this world where most of the developing world has been the consumption base and most of the developed world has been the investment base. And that means the propensity for trade between the two is extreme because the poorer countries need the cash, the more advanced countries need the consumption. And so you can have things going back and forth. The Germans are good at high-end stuff, the Mexicans tend to be good.  It's not normal. It's the most historically atypical period we have ever known as a species. And it was always going to end because the developing world is aging rapidly, far more rapidly than the rich world ever did. And so they're becoming Germany, but without the infrastructure, without the institutions, without the respect for democracy, without the capital structure, without the industrial base. As well, the Germans and other countries like them were aging in a matter of years.  that stand out as exceptions to that. The United States is at the top of the list. We have the youngest demography in the rich world and we already have a demography that is younger than China's and will be younger than Brazil's within 20 years. So the United States is slipping into kind of this pocket reality where it builds its own stuff, trades with itself and maybe a select group of other countries and say what you will about the Trump administration.  five years could have transitioned from where we are right now to that sort of friends and family trading plan without suffering a recession. What coronavirus has done is knock everything off the table and force the Americans to bring out kind of fire hoses of stimulus and monetary push in order to keep their system more or less in place. So we've thrown a bottomless supply of money at this three trillion dollars in just the last six weeks. That's twice as much as the rest of the world combined.  world. It's going to be a completely new system. But historically speaking, it's a lot more normal than what we've been in for the last 30 years. Yeah. One of the things that's really interesting as I kind of hear you describe this is there's this weird, weird world where when Trump took office, kind of this America first type mentality, I don't think that it had anything obviously to do with coronavirus or kind of anything that's transpired since he took office. But in some way, we're almost backing into that out of  that they're going to need to be successful in the future, right? Like the important thing here is there is a necessity of change because the world is changing and the countries that you described kind of recognize that. What happens to the countries that don't recognize this, right? Do they really? Yeah, some of them won't be countries much longer. A little backstory. So the core idea that drives a lot of what I do is why the United States did what it did during the 20th century. So we were pulling into  So they could export their way back to being first world countries. If in exchange they allowed us to write their security policies. And that trade, that guns for butter trade is what enabled the United States to ultimately prevail in the Cold War. The big problem, however, is when we got to 1990 and the Cold War was over, we voted out of office, the president who was figuring out what was next, and then voted in for successive presidents who didn't care about foreign affairs much at all. And so we've just kind of been on drift  at say the Democratic primaries when we had like 195,000 people trying to be president, all of them said that Trump was being too soft on China in the trade talks. Trump is not nationalist by American standards on trade. He's kind of middle in the road. And the next phase of this is going to be far more mercantile than anything that we've seen in the last 80 years. Yeah. So speaking of China, you've pretty much said that  cannot interact economically with the rest of the world without a global security paradigm in place. They don't have a long range Navy. In fact, 90% of their firepower can't sail more than about a thousand miles from the shore. So that doesn't get into any major consumption clusters. They import pretty much all of the raw commodities that allow them to function. That's everything from corn on one side to oil on the other. So if they don't control the sea lanes, which they can't, they're completely dependent upon American security large energy  to look simply achieve political unity in the past. Most of that period was under the Mongol occupation. This is not a place that holds together well. So they don't have the demography, they don't have the resources, they don't have the financial model, they don't have the physical access, they don't have the military capacity. This only works when someone from the outside forces everyone to be on the same side. That was the American led global order and that is now over. So the Chinese today with this propaganda  back in like 2015, 2016, and he was talking all about China and kind of his experience there. But one of the things that really stuck out to me was the whole idea like that entire political system and social structure is built on there being a lack of social unrest, right? The second that people see unrest, like this thing could flip very quickly. And so a lot of what they do is, you know, quote unquote, taking care of the people. I guess how much of the narrative around their driving manufacturing  whenever you do have to be perfectly blunt, three people getting together in the same room to talk about the government, the government knows and can use its army of sensors and thugs to basically break it up. It's never been tried before. It's very Orwellian. We're now actually having a situation where the Chinese government is installing monitors in people's apartments if they're suspected of maybe having COVID in order to enforce quarantine. So, you know, things that in this country are in the realm of  with these technologies and now we're seeing it done on a scale that's like two orders of magnitude larger. That's the only way that this works. And even for that to work, the United States still has to keep providing global security and asking for nothing in return because the only way they can keep that going is that they can continue to access resources and export markets. So the most likely future here  with webcams as opposed to monitors on every corner. It's not a pretty fit picture. And almost all the other scenarios are worse. So I totally understand why they're willing to denigrate their own population to that degree to remain in control because the alternative is implosion and chaos. And that's hardly a friendly version at all. The Chinese are fairly astute students of their own history. They understand what's at stake here.  is when it comes to people age 55 or over is about extending life, not extending working life. And that mindset has to change radically for us to go in a different direction. And I guess part of that is a technological change is the type of work could also change, right? So just because you're getting older, you may not be able to go into the field or go into the factory and kind of do more of the manual labor. But if there was even something that could change the way that people work itself, that also is  everything from oil to a lot of kind of the geopolitical relations there. Just what's kind of your general view of that region itself and kind of how you look at the demographics and what you expect to happen there?  So explain this more, because I think one of the things that you had previously said was around these negative prices in oil. But what occurred was last week or two weeks ago when the May contracts, the physically settled futures contracts went negative. That's not what you're talking about. The May contract was in the United States, one specific spot at Cushing ran out of future leased storage. Storage wasn't actually fully yet. Well, you know, four to six weeks ago,  They're doing this to a slightly less intense degree wherever all their other competitors are. So for example, slightly tense, slightly less intense. There's 50 million barrels of crude from Saudi Arabia coming to the American Gulf Coast to try to knock shale out. That's nothing compared to what they're doing to Europe and Asia. And the goal is just to fill up all the tanks so that the producers have nowhere to sell their crude whatsoever. So they have to shut down their pipelines and they have to shut down their wells.  years. But if you shut in wells in Nigeria and Siberia, they're gone. It's going to be years if not a decade before you see those producing again. So the Saudis are taking a long haul here, taking a big economic hit on the front side. They can afford it. Across the Gulf, Iran, say what you will about the Trump administration, he won. Iran is no longer a net oil exporter. They're going to actually be importing over the summer, which is  They're massively overextended, which raises the opportunity for countries like Turkey or Saudi Arabia to turn the tide in their favor. So expect a lot more nutsoid violence in this region because the Iranians, everyone forgets, the Iranians are not the violent actors here. That's the Saudis. ISIS came from Saudi Arabia. Al-Qaeda came from Saudi Arabia. And we should expect to see a lot more groups like that boiling up throughout this entire region  with or without the virus occurring? The Saudis have tried something like this three or four times in the last 15 years, but the market has never been right. Now, totally the market's right. The emotion and the leadership are also kind of lined up. The Saudis originally went to the Russians with a deal for a preemptive cut to manage the oil market back in January and February, and the Russians said no. So the Saudis got pissed off. This wouldn't have worked without global oil demand being down by 20, 30 million barrels a day.  as the most powerful person in the region for at least the next couple of decades. I think he's aware of that. This is his proving ground. And so far, in my opinion, it's going really well for him. Yeah, it's absolutely fascinating when you start to get into this game of, it almost feels like a perfect storm, right? Literally when oil production goes down, they start to flood the market. The piece to me that I don't understand is what can Russia  of linkage, whether it's something that is earned or deserved or not. And Russia's ability to dabble in a lot of different theatres give it some things that it couldn't do, that other countries couldn't do. So low-hanging fruit, Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, both of them oil exporting former Soviet republics. A lot of that oil either transits Russia directly or transits territory that the Russians could shut down if they wanted to. There's a million barrels per day easily if you go offline just by flipping a couple of switches.  brings risks. So for example, if the Saudis got caught doing that in Saudi Arabia, you can guarantee that the sort of tender mercies that the Saudis have unleashed upon their own region with groups like ISIS and al-Qaeda will then be visited upon the Muslim regions in Russia itself. Remember that the Saudis were one of the big sponsors of the Chechen Wars back in the 1990s, and it doesn't take much of a reach for them to extend further  have tools and yes the Russians do look for the long game but that does not mean they're immune to the tools that they would be using. Yeah and I guess as part of this analysis I continue to hear most people talk about either the increase or kind of the rally back of consumption there being some sort of production cuts or manipulation of how much production. One of the things I haven't heard people talk a lot about is the potential to actually build out more storage and I'm assuming that's because it would take too long. Yeah exactly.  because of the natural temperature gradient in this bulb-shaped dissolved storage facility, it circulates itself. So it's cheap. There's no chance of oxygen getting in. There's no chance of a leak. There's no chance of an explosion. If you want to do above ground storage, you constantly have to churn that stuff or it starts to separate or you get associated gases that bubble out, you get an explosion danger. It's not that it can't be done. It's not that it's technologically complicated, but it's expensive  going there and kind of, you know, how quickly they are growing with internet adoption and all of that. But what's your thoughts there from a demographic standpoint? The demographics are weird. I mean, overall, they're very similar to Mexico. They're on the young side, but there's a huge split between the north and the south of the country. The north of the country is practically pre-industrial when it comes to demographic structure. Lots and lots of children and young people. The southern half is almost like Germany. It's aging into mass retirement.  They're the first place outside of the Persian Gulf, so they're never going to have a true energy crisis. The problem is, is that northern section that is just horrendously overpopulated and horrendously underdeveloped has been horrendously overpopulated and horrendously overdeveloped for 1500 years now. There's no way that it's going to turn the corner in the next 10, if it hasn't in the last 1500. So India is stable.  by the numbers seems to be doing okay, but that's because India doesn't test. So we're just gonna see the death rate skyrocket, which is gonna unwind a lot of the gains. Also kind of the core industry that India uses to fuel its tech sector center is call centers. So, you know, you work in a call center for a while, you build up your expertise and then you move into software. Well, they're losing that completely. The reason why everyone moved to call centers  all of their call centers and tech support to India and the Philippines, having to bring that back because in the United States, that sort of technical support can work from home. And for every day that this continues, India is seeing the bedrock staff development of the call centers erode away, which means the next step up is gonna be that much harder moving forward. Doesn't mean the end of Indian tech, but it does mean the end of cost  away from that model, given what they're seeing right now. Like that capital obviously doesn't go into that economy and kind of how do you see that rippling through the Indian economy? I mean, we're seeing like things like that in a number of manufacturing sectors right now already. I'd say the big ones are wiring, textiles, automotive, electronics and white goods. These are all sectors that aren't particularly technologically advanced. They've always relied on multiple price points for labor for distributed supply  shorter, simpler supply chains that are closer to the end consumer. And what gets left behind, it really depends upon where you are. If you're in Thailand or Malaysia, the semiconductor supply chain system is a lot stickier. Usually the crystals are grown, sliced, cut, doped, cooked, and built into chips all in the same facility. You don't just pick that up and move it. But textiles, you know, you can have a facility that's one acre  that call centers and textiles can be kind of that first step towards more, towards a deeper development experience, moving up the value added chain, building infrastructure, expanding infrastructure, you know, that model's over. The rules of how we've operated for the last 70 years are changing right now. And countries like India are going to have to find a completely new model to take advantage of it or pioneer their own to move forward. And if you look at the last 1500 years  you know, by pulling back some of those call centers, things like, hey, people can do this from home, we can, you know, kind of cut costs, but also other parts of manufacturing, the US companies are now getting more kind of adept at actually doing this here in America because they can replace that worker with a piece of technology, and that drives down costs as well and makes it more cost efficient. Yeah, the sort of jobs that are coming back from South and Southeast and East Asia to the United States are not going to look the same here. They're going to be far more technologically driven.  or infrastructure or cheaper electricity or a population that's more willing to work in a slightly higher risk environment. Texas. I mean, Texas has been a boom state for a while now, but in the environment that we're moving into, Texas has the interface between the Texas Triangle Cities and the Gulf Coast and between the United States and Mexico. So it's got that multi-tiered wage strategy that has been familiar to us.  I think it's going to happen first. One of the things to keep in mind is that because of the physical and demographic structure of the United States, we will have secondary epidemics from this, but they won't be nationwide. It'll hit Denver, it'll hit Fort Lauderdale, whatever, and you can lock those cities down. Our mass transit system, particularly among our cities, is awful. And right now, that's a good thing because it means it limits the capacity of the virus to jump from city to city to city. You don't have that in check.  It's almost like there's a psychological shift that happens, right? And the short term solution is like you said, just putting the people to work. And then over time, you've already shifted your mindset. You know, you're not going back to these other areas of the world. And so then building the technology would make sense. One of the areas that I went about three years ago, four years ago now was Nigeria. And when I was there, I was blown away by a lot of the demographics and both in growth and kind of things that people there were talking about and how  more importantly, their political system is completely based on the divvying up of the crude resources. If you want to go back to like the Biafran War, that was a period where some parts of the country thought that they could deny oil income to other parts of the country. And so the Biafran's tried to leave, we had a civil war as a result. And now we have a rotating presidential system where every few years a different region of the country has the president and different region of the country has the vice president. And as long as nobody dies out of a  I don't see how they do that in a peaceful manner. Yeah, and I guess part of this too is as we see more and more countries get to these levels of social unrest, one of the things I've been thinking through is just how technology plays a factor in that, right? Obviously, if this was happening 30 years ago, it would be much harder for one, the government to, it'd be much easier for the government to kind of prevent the spread of the bad things they were doing.  the reworking of the political system and it's going to happen whether they've got technology or not. Yeah, that's a really messy question. In a place like Nigeria, it could go either way. The problem there is that most of their politics are ethnic and regional based. And so it doesn't require a huge technological distribution system in order to get these people riled up. It's not that it's built into their nature. I don't mean anything racist like that. It's just that there are very clear dividing lines in Nigeria and some of the big successes they've had  The military decided they did not like the Mubarak clan. So they were hands off versus the protesters and the protesters use the internet and Twitter and cell phones to organize and ultimately overthrow the Mubarak regime. But then the military decided it didn't like the replacement government that was elected. So what they did is they went and they shut down Twitter and they were able to do their crackdown. They arrested the entire government and there was that one horrific trial where they condemned the  So if they see message traffic that they don't like, they can go and hunt down the individual people responsible. The Chinese, of course, have amped out up to the next degree, where now they've even forced cooperation with companies like Google, so that if they see messages they don't like, they're automatically tagged by algorithms and sent to the Chinese security services, complete with the physical location for where the message was sent from. So a team can just go arrest the person.  of how that plays out.  economic model was going to collapse in the next few years anyway. COVID has just moved up the timeframe. The poorer countries in Europe, the less well-run countries in Europe, the more indebted countries in Europe are making a last ditch plea for Germany to bail them out. And the Germans are like, we only have two years left for us. Why in the world would we give those two years up in order to salvage you for another two years? So we are looking at the end of the European experiment here.  Why have more of these countries not tried to create that kind of ally relationship with the United States? And, you know, is it just they don't see the writing on the wall? They are arrogant and think that it's not going to happen. What's going on there? Well, there's all of that. I don't mean to suggest that any of that is wrong. But I mean, ultimately, if you're just to pick a couple of small countries, Slovenia or Ireland or Slovakia, you know, an independent political and strategic environment where you look after your own interests. I'm sorry, that doesn't work.  While the big countries make the big decisions and then everyone tries to play the Americans and the French off of one another. That only works for a little bit longer. And so what we're going to be seeing is kind of a Franco-centric Western Europe that will emerge out of this, a germocentric Central Europe that has to deal with the Russians and the small countries either sign up for one of these small, one of these two spheres or die. There aren't a lot of countries that have the strategic flexibility  chunk ultimately enters into some sort of association with the Americans, but that is 100% dependent upon how British American trade talks go this year. And what COVID has done is it's forced the Brits to kind of put that off because they're thinking in the short term it's probably best if we don't sever all links to continental Europe and that delay may prove fatal for longer term strategic relations with the United States just because they're gonna run out of time.