 The Bitcoin and Blockchain Economy  exciting companies, had a few small exits that happened there. I was just a normal Joe. And then eventually moved over to the dark side. And what I mean by that is it transitioned over from engineering into more marketing project, product management, and then into sales. And what I learned, Pampas said, as much as I was a geek and I'd love to get my hands dirty in engineering, Silicon Valley's full of some damn smart engineers.  mainly in the electronic software space, one in the wearable hardware space, and raised venture capital to the tune of over a couple hundred million, built great teams, great products, and sold those companies off and exit them. Some worked out well and some were reasonable. And during one of those transitions, a company called Chip Estimate, I sold it to, at the time, it was a $5 billion electronic software company called Cadence Design down in San Jose in the middle of the valley.  in, you're in. And for some reason, that just sort of resonates with me in terms of how I like to do this. So I eventually left the big company wanted to do startups again. And this is, you know, before the time of the Apple Watch and the Samsung Gear, I was contacted by some professors I used to work with doctors down at UCLA. And we put together a company doing a nutrition monitoring wearable device, which really kind of changed my perspective on my career path because I was down at the  that really is game changing. And it showed me kind of a new aspect of what I could achieve in my career. So we sold that company to a medical devices company actually over here in Japan. And it was right around that time though when I was raising money for that company. And I've been in the Valley for like 20 years, right? So I'm on Sand Hill Road doing the whole Silicon Valley kind of thing, talking to the Kleinerferkins, Andresen. I was in Andresen Horowitz, arguably, in my opinion, the best VCs  The coins used to buy, you know, drugs and guns and nefarious activities. I was like, you know, I don't have any political opinions on any of that, but you know, that kind of stuff just never goes mainstream, right? And I told me it's out of his mind. I didn't talk him for a year. Okay, that's pretty stupid. But when I was in Andreessen, you know, and I heard him talking about it, I thought, oh, crap, these are some of the smartest guys in the valley. If they're doing it, that was when they were funding Coinbase 21. There's gotta be something to this.  And he had the number two app in the App Store in 2009.  at individuals from 20 to 50 years old who are investing casually, usually, in crypto, very much like your sort of millennial with discretionary income, that kind of a thing. And so I think that was really the genesis of BRD. For me, though, what really, the epiphany moment for me, was when I was chatting with Aaron in the early days, and he kept getting really pissed at me because I just wasn't getting his, because I had a question in all this.  But the one thing that could be, and I'm sorry to say it, it's not politically correct, but it's not politically correct. And I think that's the most important thing that we can do. And I think that's the most important thing that we can do. And I think that's the most important thing that we can do. And I think that's the most important thing that we can do. And I think that's the most important thing that we can do. And I think that's the most important thing that we can do.  was bread wallet because bread is slang in English, of course, for money, right? And, you know, there's practical considerations too. It's a single one syllable name, like a lot of young finance companies at the time, like Square Strike, right? It's memorable, domain names available, you know, practical stuff like that, right? And over time, what we as we added more and more functionality and expanded our scope to be like digital asset, like decentralized bank, we got rid of the wallet, which is, you know, kind of a similar thing.  they were in like a totally peripheral area, but because of the chokehold that Apple and Google have a distribution for mobile app companies, meaning the app store, as soon as there's a trademark violation, they pause downloads, right, until you resolve it. And that's just, you know, doesn't work well with a mobile company's business model. So instead of going through a protracted sort of like, you know, discussion and legal stuff, we just decided to change the name of the company to BRD, the token, which is also the token name, it still stands for bread, not bird.  It's really an on-ramp. It's the easiest way to get started. So when you launch the app, the reason why we grew really fast, and the reason why I think by guys like Roger there, who invested in blockchain.info, but probably is the individual responsible for the single most installs of BRD on customer devices, the reason is because there's no onboarding, right? It's not like going to a bank or an exchange and creating an account.  And ultimately what you can do is you can buy and sell crypto and you can trade. And it's really targeted more at the, like I said, Robinhood sort of audience, casual investor, not the high frequency, you know, traders doing day trading who are sitting on exchanges constantly, right? That's the trade off that you get as we focus on the UX, we want to be able to do that. And then we're going to look at the market. And then we're going to look at the market. And then we're going to look at the market.  body of work and then kind of what you guys have built so far. Okay, sure. Thanks, Bob. So we worked really hard to build a brand around BRD. And I think a big reason that the crypto folks early on really helped accelerate the growth of the company and the app is because they trusted us as open source, right? So there's no funny business with, you know, all your money's going to disappear someday. And we've never had any money hacked from any BRD app actually, right? Because it's decentralized. There's like no honey. Right. And so we took that brand  And at the time we weren't even raising money. We told them that we weren't so interested. But eventually we ended up taking the strategic investment from them. And as part of that investment, we sat down with their technology teams. They've got some really smart people pump here in Tokyo. And what they said was, well, OK, now we understand how your architecture works. You ought to take the back end of your consumer app, which is sort of like the server side. Talks to all these from blockchain.  with 4 million customers for the BRD app so you can trust it, right? Plus the core of its open source as well. So we productized it with help from SVI. SVI became our first customer block set. They launched in production within a few weeks ago actually for their crypto banking platform. And now it's a product that we're selling in our enterprise sort of division of the company. And we're having great success just in the last few months since it launched. And we appreciate all the folks out there helping us  I need a solution that is really scalable, not just this little, you know, sort of API to access a few blockchains that works once in a while. I need something that can scale to the size of, you know, a Fortune 100 companies needs. That's what blockchains, that's what we do. And so it's like infrastructure, you know, APIs, access of blockchains, infrastructure for like next generation banking. Got it. And so is the whole idea there that similar to how AWS provides really that infrastructure layer people can tap into,  of value that we add, right? The real value I think is we have one API, okay, that means there's one set of functions to call by the developed by an engineer to access any blockchain. That actually is pretty powerful because today if I'm sitting at a bank and I want to offer say crypto bank accounts to my customers, I've got to write code to talk to Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Theorem, you know, all these other blockchains and there's forks and there's all these changes and there's bugs and man, it's a lot of work.  of the SaaS environment, then those blockchains just immediately become available to our customer who's building blockchain software with BlockSAT and they don't have to do any real incremental coding or anything. Plus we handle all the infrastructure issues, from running the servers to the ports to the maintenance and all those things as well. And then we've got partners that do things like AML and transaction checking and custody as well. So you could build custodial banking apps with BlockSAT  but just gives a sense of like, it's not like this is a mobile application that's shipped by a couple hundred people, right? I mean, there's millions of people. Right, right, right. Yeah, that's right, man. So the VRD consumer app, like 4 million users in 170 countries, right? And upwards of a half a million or more sort of unique users that are sitting in the app every day, every week going through and looking at their money, their hodlers, or they're doing trading and whatnot. We estimate most recently  around five to six times more crypto than say your average Coinbase user. And I don't think that necessarily is, you know, means that BRD or Coinbase is better or worse. But what it means is our users are more engaged, right? And they're investing seriously through the app, not just casually buying 10 bucks with a Bitcoin or something like that. Yeah, it's super interesting. And then I guess from the geography standpoint, you're in 170 countries, but is there any one geography where majority  so that we can actually see even against like a geographies, where activity is for our users, where the downloads are. We could see like support tickets and in different regions, people might be having different issues and things of that sort. So we stay on top of the users and all sort of the demographics and everything to make sure we're addressing everybody's needs. But yeah, definitely North America mostly. We do get a lot of, we've always been really popular in Asia and in Japan here as well.  It's a, you know, Tokyo Stock Exchange public company, originally SoftBank Investments. So it's actually a spinoff SoftBank 20 years ago. And, you know, it's a very big company, five, 6,000 people, $10 billion, you know, that kind of a thing, right? And they provide, like many Japanese companies, there's like a conglomerate, right? There's like 200 subsidiaries. They do everything from, and I think got their name from like an E-Trade-like consumer, you know, trading service over the internet. They have a net-based company.  And that's because Kitasa, the CEO of SBI, he's more akin to a guy like Rasa-san at SoftBank, progressive, more sort of embracing global thinking rather than sort of the more traditional, sometimes myopic kind of Japanese conservative mindset. And so he looked at what happened between the record companies in Apple and he didn't want that to happen to him being a bank. And while a lot of other banks are dabbling a little bit in crypto perhaps,  you know, they're operating exchanges. And then they said, well, how do we get liquidity and fresh points and it exchanges? Well, we could buy miners or we could build the best miners in the world, right? And so that's what they decided to do. That's not enough even. How do we get the chief of electricity? They're investing in a variety of clean energy and energy aggregation companies buying interests in land and in, you know, power companies, utilities, substations all over the world to kind of secure sort of the vertical  And I was in a meeting, kind of like one of his staff meetings. And to be honest, you know, maybe I should have just shut the hell up, but, you know, being an American in Japan, sometimes it's hard not to. And, you know, I heard about their plans in getting into chips and mining. And I thought, man, banks have no business making chips. It's pretty damn hard. Like, I know. So foolishly, I raised my hand in a very Japanese-American way. And I thought, man, I'm going to have to do this. I'm going to have to do this.  Oh, really? All right. Well, you know, then what would you do? And I told him what I would do. And the next thing I knew, you know, I was CEO of a new company with, you know, nine figures in funding. And I honestly, I said, No, I already have a day. Thanks very much. Very much appreciate the opportunity. But you know, it's a long term relationships here in Japan. It's about getting in the circle of trust. And you know, SBI had just invested $15 million in BRD. And, you know, I, I thought it was  And I'll tell you, you know, they say in the semiconductor space, all roads lead to Taiwan because all the chip manufacturing there, I feel like increasingly, and I'm partial, but you know, all roads lead to Tokyo and crypto. Japan has always had this weird magnetism pump to Bitcoin. Think about it. You know, why was car fillers here? Why was Mt. Gox in Japan of all places, right? Roger Ver was running around Japan a lot.  at the center of it, at least from, you know, from this perspective. Yeah. And why do you think there is that kind of interest so much, right? Is it just because they're used to digital assets and they've used kind of non-crypto digital assets in other applications? Is it something to do from like the money that they deal with on a daily basis? Like what's driving that interest? I wish I could tell you there's like one thing that's an obvious answer that it just sort of makes sense, right? I mean, to be honest with you, did you see Jiro drinks a sushi?  So that sort of, oh, you know, they embody digital assets and stuff. Not so much actually. Now that's changing. Now with pay pay and line pay, just like WeChat pay and Ali pay, stuff's starting to change. And you guys in New York just adopted the same standard that Japan's been using for 15 years for the subway, right? With the transit carts. Really cool to do from your iPhone, right? So they have been using that kind of stuff here. So they're comfortable with it.  investors seems to be, you know, something that is a bit of an anomaly here that helps drive this. Here's another thing, to be honest, a lot of money on the sidelines in Japan. And Japan, just because of the culture, lack of proximity to places like Silicon Valley in New York, Shanghai, right, there's a lot of money here that is waiting to be invested in various things. And so this is why people do trading. This is why people, you know, doing currency trading. And it's a big part of why they got involved in crypto as well, I think.  have heard of Bitcoin. And I think that's the highest rate, like per capita, probably from any country in the world. Not always a good thing though, because they heard about it because of the scandal, right, with mountain cocks. But it was enough to get the message out there. And then, you know, as is the human psychology, the negativity falls away, right? And then you start to hear the positive things about the games. And that just seeded the whole sort of culture with this sort of notion of Bitcoin, you know,  the factories, literally, couldn't operate due to government restrictions. So at that time we were really just ramping up production. And so there was a few delays, probably no more than about three weeks time. Our team did a really good job and our partners to sort of get things back on track and to accelerate things after. Now China's back to normal and large. And since the chips weren't made in China, and we were able to do that,  Indicators on COVID-19 in like the electronic space, you know what I mean and in mining as well So, you know later on this year, there's gonna be tightness For sure and I guess as part of this like how do you think given your expertise in chip design and manufacturing and the work that you're doing SBI mining chip How does the halving play out here for miners like any thoughts on? On kind of that Bitcoin halving and the effect on miners  And you also expect mining orders to go down because there's a psychology to this whole thing. It's like, ah, the mining rewards less. Well, that doesn't seem like a good business to go into anymore. Now, ironically, one of the first things I learned in mining is that the mining reward size and the helping doesn't really necessarily impact the economics of mining companies. How the hell could that be? That doesn't even make sense when I say it out loud, does it, man? Because the revenue is very, very high.  every second they operate, they're losing more money, right? And then if you can hang on, the total network cash rate goes down because, and then the difficulty goes down and then your percentage of blocks that you might goes up and you can actually make even more money than before the health of you potentially, if enough people get out. So that's why the strategy is that's hardware, right? And then there's all this competition to go find you power, right? And, you know, when I first got into it, you hear, oh, you know, it's this,  And so there's a lot going on in places like Texas, in New York State, upstate from where you are, Pacific Northwest as well. Turns out there's a hell of a lot of excess energy in America. And it's just not that the marketplace was really not there to connect some of these mining companies in. And so that's in a nutshell what I've learned about the mining industry. So after the halviding, I expect the network hash rate to come down.  But you know what's right thing to do is right as soon as it goes down, you get rid of that dog. And then you invest it in something that is a higher likelihood of going up based on you know research that you can do it right Unfortunately, though, you know, we can't change how all humans think so you'll see a lagging indicator on the on the network. Basically what I'm saying, then you'll start a recycle refresh phase where people will go and have raised capital to replace all those little minors. If they had cheap enough power. They didn't have cheap enough power. The clue is up shop.  Yeah, and it feels also like in the past halvings there's been some level of interest right mostly from the crypto community but outsiders to the crypto community really weren't kind of paying attention now after that big 2017 run it really feels like you got a lot of people paying attention and I saw a chart today of Google searches for for Bitcoin and Bitcoin halving and things like that has absolutely exploded over the last like two weeks and I  two weeks later, 800 bucks. Should I buy now, Adam? 800 bucks? 52 a week? It's a light, you know, I wouldn't. Okay. I stopped giving you my side. It's wrong. You know, it also comes down to the kind of time preference too, right? You know, there's some people who, you know, especially the people who want to get in and get rich immediately. They can. And I never, I never tell people to invest in Bitcoin. To be honest, what I tell them is if you are interested, make sure it's discretionary money that you can afford.  invest more than you can afford to, then I think you can kind of weather those crazy volatile gyrations that we have. But for people who today are going on to Google and type in Bitcoin Avenue after listening to your show, they're thinking, oh, maybe I can make a quick buck around this thing, right? Hey, you got just as much potential chance going and probably playing Blackjack or playing roulette over in Vegas, right? So I can't say I think that's a great idea.  and it's very important that we're in a trap right now. Nothing to do with coronavirus. So I have been traveling to China for business for 10 years, call it, right? And for the mining company, I was in Shanghai about nine months ago or so, and yeah, late last year. And I went to a store, a normal store that I've been to several times before, kind of like a convenience store. And I grabbed some stuff, I ripped out and whipped out my R&B, my Chinese yuan,  Now here's the killer. Until recently, you couldn't even load WeChat with money if you didn't have a Chinese bank account. So you think, you figure what the hell is the Chinese government doing? They're restricting capital coming into the country. They're making it difficult for foreigners to transact. Why would they do that? And then why aren't they getting out of the bandwagon? Why don't they reauthorize crypto exchanges? Why don't they put rules down so that companies like VDC China and stuff.  to be this big economy, they had to play by the rules of the US Department of Treasury. They had to be on the wire transfer network. They had to let the banks conform to all the US rules, even though the banks are in other countries. It's crazy, but it makes sense because everyone else in the world want to do business with America. Guess what's happening right now? Nobody seems to get this problem. In five years, if you don't support the digital R&B, you can't do business with China. I don't mean the government. I mean any Chinese company, as is evidenced by the fact that I can't even use their own goddamn cash in their own country.  And you think, well, why wouldn't China jump at something like this, right? Especially it's relatively controllable, doesn't have to be like decentralized Bitcoin and stuff. And the reason is because they don't need to care. They're creating the digital R&B. They're going to impose it upon the world just like the US did with the dollar in the early days. And they know that because they are the most people of anywhere that, or well, maybe India, China, this kind of thing, right? But anyway, the point is, if you want to do this,  global economic situation that people just don't seem to see coming. And you know, I say, I like to say, you know, modern warfare is fought with money and information. And I think China's got a really great strategy. And I think people need to, you know, stop and notice it and, and plan for how to work with them and how to make sure that it's not, you know, necessarily going to be used to, you know, for anything other than hopefully efficiency sake and improving the global economy. But, you know, I  of currencies, high dollar, you know, then they're going to cash lists. And I think China is doing that as well, right? That's why you see cash not being accepted in those stores anymore, right? And by the way, why didn't that store take cash? They got a financial incentive from the government not to accept it anymore. They got a financial incentive from the government not to accept the government's own damn currency. That's crazy, right? But that's what I'm talking about, right? So I think there are clear indicators that governments are going to move to their own  digital wallet language back into the legislation. And that stuff goes through to avoid, you know, contact during payments and stuff. It could be a catalyst to help accelerate it, but I don't think it overcomes all the fact that we have other contactless payment methods right now, right? You know, we don't need the digital dollar to solve COVID-19, you know, it's not gonna completely solve that problem. Yeah, it's super fascinating. I think when you start looking at like the geopolitical competition that can occur here, and if every current  way to influence the economy is through those banking relationships and interest rates and the lending and all that stuff that happens there. So I actually think that is where the main bulk of sort of the economic warring is going on from a global superpower perspective. Where the technology comes in is much lower down where it's at your level and my level, right? I'm using Venmo, right? Or I'm, you know, Facebook's Libra things over here to be more of a global version of like PayPal and Venmo.  numbers with other countries, right? Like trade, right? Numbers, tariffs and all this kind of stuff, not by like employing new technology, which makes the digital USD better, right? We can have the most amazing digital dollar in the world, but it's not going to change the fact that China's not going to be excited about that because they want to be the new United States when it comes to global economics. Absolutely. Liz, I could talk about this all day. It's so fascinating. Sorry, me too, man. And I think that there's no right answer.  is to take care of and find the best team members and to take care of the team. The team is the company and the team is the value, right? And so leadership is something that I'm constantly trying to become better at and to be a combination of empathetic and inspiring to people, but also to drive them and also to be able to enable them to achieve new things that they couldn't have otherwise achieved, you know, without some structure and without guidance or without vision and without encouragement,  I don't like sci-fi and all this kind of stuff. So, but that's the underlying theme. And I think that's what I, if I look back on my career, man, I started being an engineer, I thought I'd really be good at tinkering with chips and stuff like that. But in the end, what I think really worked out best is to be able to lead and to inspire probably a lot like yourself. I love that. Speaking of sci-fi aliens, believer or non-believer, you think they're real? I so want to believe that.  to very much control information flow that way to not incite global panic. Hell, we've had a pretty good example of what a small version of global panic can do recently. No, man, I want to believe that these videos and stuff are alien-based. I don't think so. The reason is I feel like if there was, there were aliens or this kind of thing, we would know. We'd have to know. You couldn't contain it. Now, one step back, though, the other side of that is we're just in our little myopic view of Earth here.  for all the great stuff that you've helped the industry with? Having a blast. At the end of the day, I usually am joking when I say this, but there's a hint of truth in it that one day I'm probably gonna wake up and be like, all right guys, see ya. That was an epic run, but I'm just not having fun anymore, right? And today when I wake up, I write the email every morning. I record usually at least one podcast each day.  literally will wake up and send out an email and be like, I'm done. I'm not writing anymore. And if that ever happens, like, I'm not one of these people who can go from, you know, writing or, or recording conversations every single day to like, Oh, I'm gonna pare it down. I'm only gonna do two a week, right? It's all or nothing. So it's like, either I do it every day or I'm done. I fully agree with you, man. It's either all in or go. Right? There is no in between. We don't want to do anything half-assed in this. Totally. For sure.  I'm always happy to interact on any of these things or even at a personal level. That website isn't going to tell you a lot about SBI or all these other things, but it's less about me and these different companies and all that stuff and it's more about helping the industry. Let me know if you'd like to share. Awesome, man. Well, I appreciate you taking the time to do this. I think people learn a lot from this and we'll have to do it again in the future. All right. Sounds good. Thanks, Bob. Have a good one. Appreciate the opportunity.