 Thanks for having me.  into media, doing social media. I spent most of my career running social media accounts for brands and writing on the side. And then about three years ago, I transitioned to writing about this stuff full time. Got it. And so as you think about like internet culture itself, maybe just start with like, what does that mean to you given you spend so much time understanding it? Yeah, you know, I think internet culture is like an internet culture reporter, I think is going  you know, look at things sort of look at how people socialize and how culture moves through these platforms like any kind of social platform that can be You know something that's made to be a social platform like Facebook Instagram Twitter or something that you know another type of technology that people are just using to connect and socialize like Google Docs or zoom or things like that Yeah, and it feels almost like you know, the internet culture is actually really become it used to drive culture now. It's almost becoming the  this point, especially pop culture. I mean, the areas that I cover in terms of like entertainment or music or movies, Netflix, it's, it's, yeah, it's just culture coverage, which is why I'm on the style section at the New York Times, which is our, you know, we, we sort of cover lifestyle and culture and things like that, rather than being on like the business side where I'm covering more the business of tech companies. For sure. And it, one of my favorite sayings right now is like the memes are the message, right?  first meme they had was like, what all your baseball on to us or something was like literally from the year 2000. So, you know, the concept of memes, as we understand them, is these kind of like internet pieces of content communicating a message have been around for a while. And, you know, we're also using platforms that allow us that allow us to express ourselves more visually, you know, like Instagram stories, all the creative tools we have there, Snapchat, now TikTok,  Like if somebody said to me, who has the best pulse on the younger generations on a lot of these platforms? Like I think you are probably the first person that comes to mind for many people. So maybe let's just start with going how you think about each platform for the younger generation, right? So there's Snapchat, there's TikTok, there's Twitter to some bit, but just like, how do you think about how they're using each one of those platforms differently in comparison to each other?  that's really sort of where they, it's like the core of where they express their identity and their friendships and stuff like that. So it's much more of a communication app. I mean, Snapchat is another one that I think older users kind of stopped embracing, but it's still like a primary messaging app for a lot of young people. And TikTok, I kind of compare a lot to Twitter actually, because it is a place where especially young people will go to express their ideas. It's almost like a mini YouTube in the sense that you can make these short videos  There's an entire culture on these platforms, right? So like TikTok is a great example where there's obviously the TikTok influencers, there's certain ways that people use it. And you wrote an article about even the way that people use certain functionality and one of them was like the live streaming while people are sleeping. Maybe talk a little bit about just like, that seems like such like a nuanced use case for a platform where most older people would like be horrified at the idea of that. Whereas some of these influencers have really kind of understood like, hey, this is a  for that amount of hours. Then there was this trend that started called sleep squad that took off among people and it kind of became this thing that people did, which is live stream themselves sleeping. And then now we see it on Twitch and TikTok and it's kind of a thing, it's kind of a meme and it's a joke. It's like, hey, how many followers can I get when I'm sleeping? But it's also a way to  And that's kind of funny for a second, but you're also able to kind of like chat, you know, with these other people in a way that you wouldn't, you know, have access to. So it's sort of like these little ephemeral chat rooms. Yeah. And it seems like as part of that, these applications aren't being used solely for the videos, right? So like the TikToks, for example, you can sit and I think it's really unique how they've put the platform together in terms of you kind of just scroll and continue to see video after video after video.  comment culture on Instagram a couple years ago, and it's hugely driven by teenagers. I mean, if you go in the comments of a lot of stuff, it's like meme accounts, people trying to get publicity, and then a lot of teenagers or young people primarily. I mean, of course, there's still other, it's not just teenagers that comment, but they really do engage in that way. And I don't know, I don't know if that just has to, I don't know if it's driven specifically by time spent, but I imagine part of it is the culture.  is more protected, it's private, it's with that kind of a selected group of friends, but that is almost the same type of thing that happens in the comments to some degree. Yeah, I mean, I think both are places to socialize. I mean, the benefit of DM is that you can share links. You know, you have a set group of people. I hear of people meeting in the comments a lot. And I think there's like somebody that was saying that they met friends actually in the comments of the comments by celeb page.  Instagram group chats, but I think they're also more likely to use things like iMessage. Yeah, speaking of moms, one of the trends that just blows me away is on TikTok, these kids who are pulling their parents in, especially now because most of them are home and their parents are growing like pretty big audiences simply by dancing in videos with their kids, right? Some of the kind of, I think, how the Vine stars all made each other famous. Now kids are just doing it with like the closest adults, them who just happens to be their middle-aged parent.  the kind of like behind the scenes access to them and posts, you know, funny videos. And, you know, a bunch of the big TikTok influencers have kind of transformed their whole family into influencers like Addison Rae, her whole family. And Charlie D'Amelio obviously, like Mark D'Amelio is like an influencer on to himself now. Yeah. And I guess part of that is so Charlie D'Amelio is I think one of the first ones that I saw where she's now got 50 million followers give or take on.  behind all of it. Yeah, I think that's what a lot of people sort of don't understand is the business behind it. And one, how much work it takes to grow that business and two, the sort of like ancillary businesses that are built up around the influence industry. I mean, you mentioned agents, a lot of, you know, the big Hollywood agencies all have very robust digital divisions that sign, you know, people like the D'Amelios hoping to turn them into essentially the next Kardashians or sort of growth,  traditional entertainment businesses like managers, agents, acting coaches, singing coaches, a lot of these people have those people also in their orbit. Yeah, it's crazy because I think when you get into the game of, hey, just creating content is one thing, but now all of a sudden we're gonna start optimizing the thumbnail, right? We're actually going to strategically place you in videos with other influencers to cross promote accounts. And it almost feels like a lot of this loses the authenticity  to almost any digital marketing executive, a lot of them. And if you look at people like David Dobrik or James Charles, right, both of whom are very young influencers, you know, they're not teenagers, I think James is like 20 and David's 23 or something. You know, they are, they have teams around them, but they're incredibly adept at staying on top of the trends, you know, getting in early and promoting themselves on these new platforms, growing their audiences. And they really do want to make it a full  they understand their business better than anyone. And it's usually, it's driven from them because if you have some outside person, that can help motivate you to a point, but it really has to come from you if you want the businesses to succeed. Yeah. And would it be fair to say that a lot of these young kids, like this is the dream, right? When I was growing up, it was like, Hey, I want to go play in the NBA or play for professional sports. People might be wanting to be like a traditional actor or a musician. It feels like now there's a lot of these kids  you're following people that are talking about their job every day. These YouTubers are talking about what it's like to be a YouTuber, how they're making money. They'll give a behind the scenes tour of the factory that's developing their merch or things like that. So they're talking about that career in a really detailed way to kids in a way that honestly, a lot of kids don't have any clue what their parents do, but they deeply understand how an influencer business works.  you know, gets you access to certain events maybe because you know you you're involved in some world, you know I'll use cars as another example because I know this this kid I can't remember his name but he's on YouTube he's very into cars right like you know in the past maybe he would have been a car journalist to be honest but you know he makes all of these really cool driving videos he gets to test cars before anyone else he gets to work with all these major car brands that's a dream job you know and you own your income you set your own hours you have enormous  And so, I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question. I think that's a really good question.  I think it took a while for it to emerge. I mean, I got my start on Tumblr and there were certainly other people that were very big on Tumblr at the time that I was that have sort of launched careers from that. But it's just, it's more pervasive now. I think every year kids are more and more sort of on the internet, these social platforms get more power. And so I think that it sort of progressed into mainstream culture in a different way. Just the fact that I have a job covering this stuff, I couldn't get a job. I tried for a long time to write about this stuff  I don't think they think of themselves as like specific to platforms. Like a lot of kids that come up on TikTok, they have, I mean, they all have different career aspirations, but what they want is to own their own businesses and brands. I think that, you know, I was talking to this 18 year old TikTok creator recently and he's been offered a potential show of his own. And he's just like, well, that's going to impede on my YouTube show. And the YouTube show is going to be  brand, right? Or you're a beauty influencer, you really want to like productize yourself and launch your own beauty brand. Maybe that maybe that means like going on a fashion, maybe project runway or something, but ultimately, like your goal isn't to be an actress or a singer. So I think for those, you know, the small portion that does want to be maybe a traditional Hollywood person, it's a huge, it's a huge step up to have a following. And you'll definitely get in the door faster than people without a following. But the majority of kids that I talked to,  But how do they actually make money, right? So like there's a whole bunch of things that I've heard but like in your experience and what are the main revenue sources for somebody who's amassed one of these audiences on the digital platforms? Yeah, you know kind of like every small business they all have sort of a mix of different revenue streams There's no one way that all influencers monetize the primary way that people usually The primary thing that people think of when they think of influencers is usually brand deals. The assumption is  on the market and started working with a lot of the top YouTubers, merch has become the primary revenue driver. I mean, David Dobrik, for instance, one of the most popular YouTubers in the world makes hardly any money on YouTube, but he makes his money through selling merch and through this clothing brand that he's developed called Clickbait. So launching your own merchandise and product lines are really big. So you'll sort of either license your name or work with a company to develop a line, for instance, for Nordstrom, where you,  or rely on some ad dollars that could go away tomorrow. A lot more of them too are charging for exclusive behind the scenes access. So that could be charging people for close friends content on Instagram or setting up a Patreon, launching a podcast, having a newsletter where you give exclusive photos or videos or things like that. There's a million other things, but those are kind of all the big ones. And do they learn that from like seeing a Kylie Jenner  that model, you know, growing this digital platform and then turning it into, you know, using it to launch a product or do something like that. Like that, that is classic sort of influencer monetization strategy. I think the really successful, especially young celebrities are monetizing that way and copying these influencers. In terms of licensing, I mean, celebrities have always licensed their names. So I think that's probably a more traditional business, but you know, you see even actresses now charging credit  Instagram content, I'm assuming those people listening don't know what that is. And it's fascinating. So maybe just talk a little bit about like how an influencer or celebrity uses that functionality on Instagram to monetize. Sure. So Close Friends is essentially this feature on Instagram where you can just post content on your Instagram stories just to a select group of people that you select. You know, influencers adopted it because it's just another way to gate your content behind sort of a paywall.  I think it's an example of this kind of like ground up, like, I guess like these monetization strategies where these rappers are essentially charging for literally every single thing. I mean, they'll charge to post, they'll charge to comment. You know, if you're a fan and you want me to comment, like, great, you know, that's going to be $5 from you, whatever. I mean, if you think about it, like, Cameo is kind of built office, right? Like asking for shout outs from certain celebrities. You know, prior to Cameo, people were just negotiating  you know, the bind stars all lived in the same apartment complex, pulled each other in. I've heard of Instagram groups where like, if we're all in the same group, I post, I DM it into the group, everyone goes and likes and comments on it. Just like, what do you see there? And is that becoming more pervasive where people realize like, hey, let me team up with other influencers and really grow our audiences together? Yeah, you know, it's I would say people constantly underestimate collaboration when it comes to growth. Because if you're collaborating with the right people, you're going  you can partner up and collaborate on content in general because just posting videos of yourself gets old. You want people in your orbit. And if you can find sort of other like-minded people, it just, it makes your content more sticky and engaging, you know? Because even if I like, you know, you, for instance, maybe I follow you on YouTube and then you constantly have your friend Joe in the video, even if I'm not like a huge fan of Joe, I might just follow Joe anyway because he's friends with you. And so it's just kind of this way to grow  these five years lived in. So creators have always sort of lived together in these collaborative houses in mostly Los Angeles, but there are kind of all over. I mean, the original FaZe house was in New York, I think, actually. So it's great to kind of like live with people that you collaborate with. It provides more opportunity for content. Usually when you're coming up, you can't live in your own apartment. You know, you can't live by yourself. So it's cheaper to live with other up and coming creators that have the same goals as you. You know, you see this kind of  and so forth, there's a lot of them. Jake Paul had his team 10, there was the cloud house. These places serve as little hubs almost. And they're not just for the influencers that live there, they're for other people and that generation of stars to come over, collaborate, hang out with people to stay, places for people to stay out when they're in town. Yeah, and my understanding is that there's not a lot of hardware or infrastructure that's in there.  stand to film all their videos. So I think it's a lot more low-fi than people would probably imagine. Sometimes you'll have like a DSLR to film YouTube content, but a lot of times people like the sort of more authentic raw way it looks if you film it with an iPhone and it's just easier. A lot of kids I see just edit it all on their phone, which is insane. But that's more for content on, you know, YouTube and Instagram. If you're doing something with more higher production value, maybe for YouTube,  people have wanted to do different reality shows. I think that it's, I mean, Jake Paul had his Team 10, essentially a reality show on YouTube. And I think that he did have maybe a part of a production crew for that, or like he had, you know, he, it was definitely more highly produced than normal content. A lot of big YouTubers have, you know, specific editors and they'll have maybe like a boom mic or something. But I think it's, I think it's probably, you know, I don't know, I don't really know  And like how that's kind of changed and almost become like a headquarters for a lot of the stuff. Maybe talk just like what exactly does that mean? Right. Yeah. I profiled this 15 year old kid Rowan Winch, who is a little entrepreneur. He ran a bunch of meme accounts, which is another thing that teenagers do to kind of get clout and followers on the Internet. And I do think a lot of people are going to be like,  And that's kind of what I was interested in is just like how these kids are running these little companies from their bedrooms and how challenging that is. One, to manage when you're young and two, just how volatile it is. Cause you have no, I mean, none of these kids have any contact with the platforms. They're usually doing stuff that's technically violating terms of service, like growth, hacky types, spam stuff. And so yeah, that was what I guess was interesting to me and why I wanted to write about that.  front, get the actual inventory and then try to sell it. And if you sold it great, but if not, then you're left holding, you know, a bunch of sweatshirts that you don't want, uh, drop shipping and things like that. Obviously change that. And it feels like these kids really, really understand the logistical side of this and that the true business behind it, it's not just, Hey, I've got an account. Let me, you know, just turn a switch on. And all of a sudden money starts pouring in. Right? No, they're so sophisticated in terms of their marketing. I mean, branding, understanding of e-commerce,  to get you there. Yeah. And I guess as part of that, like if you're a traditional business, you not only are very good at kind of your business yourself, but you also are probably pretty good at measuring. Are you being successful or not? Are you growing? Is revenue going up or down? What's your cost of acquisition? All these metrics that would almost go in like an investor report. Do they have any understanding of that stuff or is it more of just, okay, so they, so from a data-driven standpoint, they're actually pretty sophisticated.  accounts to be part of it and make money on top of that. And yeah, this teenager was just explaining to me, you know, the difference in CPMs and all of these different forms of advertising and why giveaways are, you know, currently the highest, but you know, you have to get this kind of thing and how, you know, he has these calculations that he's determined in terms of how many followers each person, you know, each sponsor can expect and how that affects his pricing. And, you know, this is a kid that is, I believe, a freshman or sophomore in college.  advertising basically. So yeah, and I guess one of the reasons why a kid would still be in school, even though they're doing this, making money is because their parents are probably at some degree saying like, hey, you're going to go to school. What is the parents reaction to a lot of this? Like, are they supportive of their kids? Are they scared shitless and saying, like, I can't believe my kid is playing around on the Internet and somehow money showing up. What do they just generally think? Yeah. And by the way, I think kids should go to school.  and never transfer it to a bank and then use it all these teen retailers, except PayPal. So you kind of don't have to let your parents know necessarily the amount of money coming in. You're not claiming it on taxes. So I think some parents are worried about that. I know Rowan's mom was like, where is he getting this money? This is suspicious. But once realizing that her son was running these sort of businesses was like, I'm really proud. Just save it.  the way they would if their kid went out and got a part-time job somewhere else. Yeah, it's pretty cool. Obviously, I think you and I have a very rosy perspective of a lot of this, and we generally are fans of it and understand why it's happening. But there's also kind of a dark side to a lot of it. First, like, what is like the bad behavior look like from the adults, right? So whether it's parents stepping in and like taking the kids money or doing anything like that, or even like the agents and people  taking advantage of kids, to be honest. A lot of these kids are more sophisticated than their parents when it comes to the internet. But I do see sort of predatory managers come in a lot of the time. You know, you see these management companies or management collectives come in, sign kids to bad contracts, promise them the world, and really kind of act like vultures. That is what is really disturbing. You know, I saw one contract recently  for all of this. The good thing is that a lot of times, you know, these kids have their followings. And so that's good as long as they don't sign away their IP or something like they, you know, can at least have their following sometimes to kind of negotiate back on some of these people. But yeah, that's, that's kind of bad. I mean, there's also the actual scammers. So like people that are constantly trying to hack these kids take down, you know, get them taken down. There's all the drama accounts that feed off of drama between these kids and  Yeah, it's obvious somebody is taking advantage of somebody else. I mean, well, for instance, I'll give you a public case that I wrote about as well, which was the Tifu lawsuit against FaZe Clan last year, right? Like Tifu, one of the best Fortnite players in the world had signed to FaZe Clan, one of the best esports, sort of this like influencer collective esports conglomerate, you know, that lives in this massive house in LA, content creators. And, you know, Tifu rightly sued to get out of that contract because in some cases they were taking  I think Faze tried to do the right thing because they realized that, you know, whatever, but they're, I don't know, the lawsuit was sort of ongoing. They definitely got people into some bad contracts. With some of these TikTokers, they're just so excited to be in LA and they're very swept up by this lifestyle. And I think they're promised a lot of things. And so they'll sign away, you know, rights to their content, for instance, not really understanding what a big deal that is.  father who understands this kind of stuff. It's kids that often have more working class families, their parents are not, you know, they don't know a lawyer, for instance, that can take a look at it for them. And it's, so it is, it's really, it's, it's a bummer, you know, how many people are taken advantage of. And that's sort of, like I said, always been true in the entertainment industry as well, you know, with up and coming models and other people, it's just, yeah.  sort of this Instagram Live strip club show. I literally was surprised I got it into the Times because like the Times can be kind of prude about that stuff. But yeah, it's basically just, you know, women stripping on Instagram Live during these sort of pop-up shows. Obviously the handle gets banned immediately. So they'll kind of create a new handle for each show. And, you know, they pin the girls cash up and then the girl, you know, essentially makes money through tips from the cash app.  strict clubs to go virtual, right, because of the quarantine, but it does fit within more and more things going online and you can quickly see how if they can figure out the monetization, they can figure out their way around a lot of the platforms, right? And that's another piece of just like constant cat and mouse game between the platforms and a lot of these creators trying to please something like this versus the kid who just gets reported, you know, essentially a bullying situation. How do you know who to take down, who not to take down?  live in-person shows where you can buy tickets and show up to doing more of the like pay and you can get access to exclusive content, AMAs, live video. But you also wrote about like Facebook groups and things there. Is that something where the podcasters are trying to learn from the influencers in the digital platforms or some of those people actually both, right? You get an influencer who starts a podcast and just naturally understands the digital platforms. Yeah, I mean, I think that the whole resurgence in podcasts  Also, I think it's all of these YouTubers getting into the podcast world and launching things like discords and Facebook groups that has pushed a lot of more to maybe traditional podcasters to also get into those types of realms. But yeah, it's been really interesting to see the growth in podcasts because every YouTuber is starting a podcast now. And I think it's just another way to monetize and kind of like, it's a natural thing.  that you get that's unsolicited. Yeah, well I did talk to the influencer who licked a toilet seat in the coronavirus challenge last week, which was an interesting conversation. I'm assuming that that person does not necessarily, you know, showed up to Madison Avenue and asking for brand deals. No, but she did launch this song, which has now been streamed I think a million times on Spotify, and she's making a lot of money because it went viral on TikTok. It's called  I get hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of messages a day, almost all from young people. I would say teenage 22 and under asking for articles. They know that in order to get verified on Instagram, for instance, you need a certain amount of press in mainstream media. And so they're literally like just out being like, look, I'll talk to you. Or can you write a story on me? And they usually have to be like, no. Yeah. Do they are they pitching like a certain  go viral or they send me weird stuff. I've definitely gotten like a lot of inappropriate memes, but that's fine. It's the internet. So I'd rather over, I'd rather like be getting more messages and have to filter through them than not be hearing from people. I try to respond to everyone that's genuine. How do you pick which stories to actually write? Like if you have a hundred kids who DM you all these ridiculous things, like how do you pick which one is actually the one you write? Well, I don't ever really write stories. I don't, I don't really write many stories about one person.  It's more like I notice an interesting trend or user behavior and then it ends up being like young people behind it. But I'll usually kind of like lead with the interesting trend and then try to find people that validated or whatever instead of the other way around like trying to tell some kids story, but. Yeah. Which leads me to the point of like in this weird internet culture world, like you've become somewhat of an influencer to a lot of these kids. And even to the point where I think I saw you tweet that you've got,  join the hypals.