 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Ben Baller here. Dude is ready to crush it. Thanks for doing this, man. I really appreciate it. Nah, man. I appreciate it, bro. It's so funny just thinking, sorry, man. You got the New York hat on. I got an L.A. hat on, so it's hilarious. I wasn't going to go where I happened. I forgot to shave my head today, so I look kind of crazy with my Mr. Burns. That's why I got a hat on.  when we get into that, it's just, you know, being a big jeweler in the game and it's without an ego, you know, people ranked me the top three biggest jewelers in the world. I think I'm even higher than that in a certain way, but I mean, I won jeweler of the year a few times, you know, where so many people, where 99% of the people on Instagram never been nominated, you know, and there's millions of jewelers in the world. And to be recognized for,  until about maybe two years ago, even after I won jewel of the year that I hadn't considered myself a jeweler. And I've been doing this for 15 years. It is my main profession. It's my longest profession. But I always considered myself a Renaissance man because of all the things I've done in my life. So to go to the beginning, I've always had a love for hip hop culture. And, you know, I'm 47. So when I grew up, it was sort of a taboo thing. It was exotic. It wasn't really out there.  Now today it's the biggest format of music there is in the world pretty much, right? It's the most influential, it's crazy. So with that said, I grew up with a graffiti background, great dancing, DJ, and I was just in the streets. I came from a father who was a part-time minister, he was a professor at UCLA for 30 years, and my father is very big on academics,  very prestigious high school. We didn't have any money going up. He had a 90% scholarship and was avoiding school obviously. My sister went to Exeter and then, you know, my parents got divorced and it was a wrap for me. I was getting straight A's in school because I was getting my A's to B and it just wasn't for me. So on sixth grade, my parents got divorced and I just was like, I became a latchkey kid. The parents got divorced, they separated. My mom could have won custody, but she's a workaholic. My mom's totally different. She was a dress contractor.  how to do that. She regrets putting the sewing machine in like people like Forever 21 or like you know just people like like she my mom put the sewing machine in a lot of people's hands and they became very big in the garment industry and became some billion dollar companies. So anyways I grew up in that household and I was running the streets DJing just wanted to fucking listen to music and whatever else and I wasn't a great student. I think I graduated high school with like a 2.75 GPA. I did get like a  And I love basketball, but I always felt like I was a year behind. And I don't know if this, it's something I figured out in the last decade, which is crazy because I've been out of school for 30 years, right? And like, I figured out that when I led varsity basketball, I was like, damn, if I had one more year, I'd have done better. But you don't have that one year, you know, you got to move on. But football, I got it immediately. Even football, I could have even did better and I kind  I get to college and there's 113 people at camp. The next day immediately, 20 people drop camp. Now the thing is, remember, there's no cell phones, there's pay phones. The pay phone, there was one and then there's another one really far away. It's like a two mile walk just to get to the entrance of this Naval Academy in Vallejo, California. And people just don't want to do it. And for some reason, the bay doesn't really get hot like that, but it was really hot that day. And people were quitting everything else.  the first week of school. So they're talking shit to me and everything else. And it was a struggle. I get to school. I end up playing a little bit here and there, but I realized because I wasn't a starter and I wasn't a star, there was a lot of different things where they could pull your scholarship if you're not playing right here and there, whatever. But meanwhile, the star players never saw them in class, never saw these guys doing anything. The homework's getting done for them. They're at least getting a 2.7, 3.0 average.  of San Francisco on top of that they had a film school there which was Nicholas Cage's dad who's a Francis Ford Coppola's brother, Augusta Coppola. He's the head of the dean of cinematography there. And so I said, all right, well look, I can play basketball and football here. I can flourish, kind of get this going and whatever, even still I missed home. But it was there that my love for the Bay Area became like very heavy. And, you know, even though I was born in the Bay Area,  What is getting coffee? Building someone's house? Grabbing someone's contact lenses? What the fuck does this have to do with the film industry? This is the stupidest shit in the world. Like, I don't get it. And it's just LA. You know, everyone's coming to LA to be an assistant or be this, this, and this. And after like four or five movies, I was like, man, this shit ain't coming. So my sister got me a job as a promoter at the world famous Roxbury nightclub, you know, Night at the Roxbury, right? And it was like funny. So I started working there as a promoter. And long story short, I hated promoting, but a lot of celebrities  And I had an opportunity to DJ. So I lived five blocks away from the Roxbury and the shitty ass apartment, had roaches and all kinds of stuff. The day I moved into this apartment, there was fucking epidemic needles, epidemic needles inside the fucking cabinets. I'm like, holy shit. It was a very heavy predominant like gay area and whatever that makes a difference. We're just a fucked up place. And I was like, you know what, dude, it's cheap. I'm very close to good shit. Boom. I go home, grab my records, come back. I do a pretty decent job.  one of the main guys and they're going to make it like, I don't know how old you are, but back in the day, Mumba was like, it was a restaurant, but it had like music, it had ambiance, you know, it was like a good deal of things. So I was like, Hey man, I'm ready to, you know. So I waited outside the fucking place while they're building this place. And one day, sure enough, there was this, a gift, it was like a retail store called 40 acres of mules, Spike Lee's merch shop. And Denzel Washington's car was parked in front of there. So I just waited until he came out. Like I literally waited, it was hours. I just stopped the shit with people in the store, blah, blah, blah.  in the nightclub. Like the fuck, and it's not a nightclub, it was a bar to make a restaurant. From there, I had, I met people prior, like from DJ, I met ECE, Dr. Dre, a lot of rappers that were working at this nightclub. It was an all ages club. The founders of the club was my best friend, Nick Adler, whose father is Lou Adler, rock and roll legend, Rocky, who our picture show, Chi-Chin Chong, beyond, like insane, you know, California dreaming  doing this thing there. I was the DJ I met. I'm trying to think of someone people would know. Will. I am who's the lead rapper the head of a black eye piece. A lot of people also understand that will. Will. I am was the founder of Beats by Dre. He actually came with the concept and everything. And he was a battle rapper just on the stage broke no money nothing. Exhibit was a pretty famous rapper was up there. There's some pretty big underground hip hop people. And it was it was a platform you know. And so you know I guess  And people are like, oh, you know, they're like, hey, listen, we don't want this to be a stereotypical club where fucking fights break out. And there's fucking, they're like, oh, they're worried about drug dealers and all the racism against black people. We got to keep this shit classy. Yo, man, you can't play any music after like 80, like four. So you want to play some fucking, you know, some, some earth wind and fire and some, some owl greenish like that. Cool. You can't play with hip hop. And I was like, fuck man. One night the owners of the club, they went to Vegas to go see Oscar de la Hoya fight.  So I seen Dr. Dre sitting down ready to watch the fight and I said, all right, fuck this. I'm playing all hip hop. I'm playing everything that I don't care if I get fired. This is my shot. So I gradually go from the 60s, 70s, 80s, and then obviously now to the 90s, current hip hop. I take the fights off. I take all the sports off the TV screens and there's a big movie screen. And I put all black exploitation films, the Mac, Superfly, all the shit. And Dre's bugging. Everyone's in this place. NBA players, Lakers and stuff.  I knew a lot about Dre then before the internet even existed and I was like, you know, I just been a big fan of hip hop and uh, you know, um This is what I'm doing and uh, you know, I I musics my life And so he's drinking a long iced tea. I'll never forget. This is crazy, right? This is 25 years ago and uh, he buys me a drink And he goes yo, man, do me fair man. You got a number and I was like back then I had a pager I had no cell phone or nothing. I had a host phone and I had a pager and the pager it's like boom so get the pager number and uh  going on and who's trying to leave after I try to leave death row and start his own company because there was a lot of things. It was like if you watch the NWA story, there was a lot of friction between obviously easy E and then everywhere they all broke up. Boom. And then now is another situation. So I don't know what's going on, but he's like, Hey man, I got to do you need to talk to. He's the guy that gave us our first deal. Boom. Next thing I know, I meet this Jewish dude named Brian Turner who owned Friday records and the craziest thing, these chicks that I was hanging out with, they're a lot older than me.  who's enormous mobile. They get together, they get serious, they get engaged, they get married, they've had kids and everything. Boom. So I was like part of that. So this guy took me in. I was in the mail room, but I was an ANR manager. So that's like the bottom of ANR, but you still got some clout, you know? And within two years I became Vice President of Priority Records. You know, we had Jay-Z signed Jay-Z's first album deal. We had Master P. We obviously had Ice Cube and a lot of things going on.  And Dre said he had a pretty decent infrastructure, but he'd had this corporation with small companies like, yeah, what do you want to do? Now, this is the guy that gave Dre his start pretty much. And I tell my boss and I'm like, hey man, I got an offer. I'm going to be honest with you. And he's like, we've never had any kind of static. He's like, you know what kind of a punk kid you sound like right now? Like you're young as hell. You have a lot of talent. You know, you're doing well. We have big things. He goes, listen, I promise, man.  six, seven years of dropping albums. Back then, it's ridiculous. Like now it's even ridiculous. But back then it was like unheard of to wait that long to drop a solo album. He put out like other albums, right? But anyways, that being said, I got lost in the mix. There was no one I could really work with. We had 11 artists signed a label. None of that shit really mattered because Dre was focused on Eminem, his solo thing. So I kind of signed a couple of big producers there and whatever. Meanwhile, throughout all this that's going on, I became a pretty big nightclub teacher.  stolen Calvin Harris, whatever. So I had a flourishing UJ career. I had a lot of clout of being head of A&R after math. But the music business just kept being too political. Like, hey, man, we're gonna make this record big this year. I'm like, what are you talking about? Like, you're gonna spin this record here. I'm like, man, fuck this chick. Like, what are you talking about? I'm about to play this. No. And it got political even in the clubs where it was hard for me to say no to play a record for two minutes. You know,  And no cocaine, I don't know, it sounds weird, right? I just, I wasn't dealing with the white, cause the sentences were different. You know, you get busted for weed, you know, like if you're selling a million pounds, you might get 10 years, which is an insane amount of time. But you know, you sell, you know, a fucking ounce of Coke, man, you're going to jail for 30 years, you know, so it's different. So anyways, going on, I started selling weed and it was profitable. It was, it was very well, I was doing it very low key. And I was doing a certain amount and I was running damn near fucking, you know, crazy weed shit, having vacuum sealers, shipping packages, had drivers going to,  So with that, beside buying like stupid shit like Louis Vuitton or Gucci and things like that, I was buying sneakers, an enormous amount of sneakers. When I got to like 100, 200 pairs, I was like, holy shit, I don't have space for this. So I moved into a three-bedroom apartment in the valley in San Fernando Valley in Sherman Oaks, California. And people were like, why you have a three bedroom? Why don't you buy a house? I couldn't, because I wasn't, well, not going to incriminate myself on here. But basically,  hit me up because I've been on the early, very early sneaker message forums. There's only two. One of them was very big, it was called Nike Talk. And it was no affiliation of Nike, but it was just a Nike fan site. And this thing produced a lot of enormous people. Kanye West was on there. Just a lot of rappers, a lot of big streetwear people. And we would do buying trades and sales. And it was like the first social media. Like, we would post, what did you wear today? Oh, what shoes are you wearing? You know, boom. And sneaker buyers were going up and up.  to consult. If maybe mentally you're okay, maybe something's wrong with your brain. Then it got to 500 and she's like, hey man, something maybe is really wrong with you. And at a point she didn't understand it was a business and I didn't understand it was a business. I was bartering, I was selling things, but I was buying shit just to support my habit. If I didn't like a pair of shoes, I was buying three pairs and people couldn't get one. I just had built these connections throughout Tokyo, London, New York, Philly, some parts of the world.  Okay, uh, yeah, we make polos at Nike so you can't wear a polo into the store. It's considered competition We do parties at this house was an energy house and she's like, yeah We saw that you put a flyer on Nike talk you said parties. We don't do parties at Nike we do events and I was like Alright, here we go. I'm trying to influence the narrative and what I could say and how language is fine I was like I saw people doing that and I was like, you know, man, I'm too free man. I'm like I can't do this shit So I'm excited. I'm about to release my first sneaker sneaker collaboration with Nike  I had a sneaker website called BenBaw.com and I had no page. You couldn't buy shoes, you couldn't look at shoes. It was just a one page front and said, fuck Nike and aerial block letters, very big. And when I looked at the IP addresses, cause you could search, you know, who's with your page, there are so many from Portland, Oregon, like Beaverton, Oregon, Portland, Oregon, I'm like, Oh shit. And then I get this message with, Hey Ben, we're gonna cut relationships with you. We don't want to talk to you. I was a bitch, I want you to fuck you. But at that point, she was even telling the owners of the  and it had to be two different auctions. The auctions hit every message form. It hit message forms that weren't even like, like sneak related. And the auctions start growing on eBay like, oh shit, here we go. Oh, we knew. And it was like, I started and I truly dicked. It never happened before. I started what is now called the reseller game, Gordon Gekko style. Both auctions end at just under $2.9 million.  You know, I finished what I can and I was never that guy. Um, and then uh, you know, um my fiance at the time she was a supermodel and She was like she was the one who watched the breadwinner in our house and she was like, hey man I gotta be honest with you, you know, I don't know who the fuck you are one. Um You turn into a total douchebag and this just isn't working out and I was like fuck man. I'll say I'll find another girl I ain't tripping, you know, whatever  the world and do something I've never did and I want to do. So I travel. I think I had about 20 countries in a six month span and I'm trying to figure out what the fuck I'm going to do next. And I couldn't figure it out for the life of me. I thought about opening up the business. I was an open a barbershop that was like you go there, buy some dope white teas. You buy some other cool clothes, some trinkets, all the cool shit that hip hop people like boom, come out of town. And there it is. And I was like, yo, man, this ain't it. I know I hate, I was not going to ever work in food because I worked at Birkland.  his dad, my uncle, had been a jeweler. They're in a pretty seedy part of south central LA in the hood in the ghetto. And I go sit down to this drive and take a drive to his shop and it's like, you know, it's the hood. I go there once in a while to get white tees and socks and just sometimes I used to get sneakers down there and like, you know, this is after the riots, obviously way after this 2004. And I see my cousin has a Corvette. And that was like a nice car. He had a Corvette. I have a Ferrari, but at the same time,  does  So now everyone, this guy had killed us making millions upon millions. They all start shifting slowly my way, but it also opened for other New York dealers to flourish as well. But that's where it started. And then, you know, I just went in increments. Oh, nine, the recession hit. And I realized I was like, wow, I've never seen nothing like it. My parents have never seen a recession like that in their lives. Oh, nine, it's getting really bad. And I said, all right, I need to figure something out because I'm about to quit jewelry. This is ridiculous.  And even parts 2010 people were doing bad. I started to do really well like in February. And next thing you know, I just take my marketing never had, I've never had a real agent, anything else, you know, I get a small reality show later on Fuse network. They dumb the shows down, put them on Google, which is YouTube. And, you know, just each year I just took it to another level. And then, you know, I can't tell you how many rappers have said my name in a song. And then, you know, there's hit songs, things like that. And then, you know, I just, I just,  for me to be called that. So I finally just recently got with a real big agency and they've taken it to a whole different level. Like partnerships with Snickers, with Moat Hennessy, K-Swiss, Puma, Nike, you know, just a bunch of things. I'm starting to get things. And even though I'm not for everyone, I'm very brash, I have a very foul mouth, I'm very outspoken, you know, I'm not for every company, you know, but we started to find  Number one memory was I had an ego out of control. I've never changed. I think my mom has said this last year. She said you've never changed. If anything, you've polished some areas, you know, you always had confidence and money never changed. It enhanced certain things about you. But that period of your life, you were definitely a piece of shit. My mom's saying this, right? She was very proud of me, but at the same time, like, you know, like this  your paychecks and things. I was getting bonuses and points and things like that. You know, now remember, Dre wrote me a really big check. I've never had a check like I've never had a six figure check in my entire life. And he pulls me to the side. And he says, Hey, man, making a million dollars is easy. Keeping it is not. And I was like, what are you talking about, man? You know, I'm making a million. I thought, even then I'm 24. I thought once you become a million,  to the side, he goes, what are you gonna do with the money? And I'm like, why are you asking me? That's fucked up. Did you ask them? Did you ask butter? Did you ask Mel? Did you ask Chris? Like, you know, why you, why you, why you fuck with me? And then because you're my Asian man, you know, and I think you have more potential, you know, like, what are you gonna do? I'm like, I don't know, man. I mean, I never had money before, you know, what am I gonna do? You're like, I want to get a Versace shirt. He goes, okay, get a Versace shirt. What are you gonna do? And I was, I don't know, man. Why, why, why you, because man, look at, man, don't be an N word. And I was like, what?  and Sherman Oaks and I buy a Rolex with diamonds in it. I come back to the studio because the studio, our hours are different. Drea worked till three, four in the morning, two a day. So I go back to Aftermath Studios and I pull up in the car and everything else, blah, blah, blah. I don't say anything because I don't want Drea to be mad, right? The dude who runs the studio is also Drea's right-hand man. He tells him what's going on. Amen, this one here, this, this, this. And we have a ton of security because you can't just go in there. We have ID cards and everything. So it starts going around the studio. Amen, bambala, yo, man.  I was like, oh, what's up, Trey? I was like, DR, man, what's up, man? And he goes, so what's up, man? What'd you do today? And I was like, oh, man, you know, I was like, I never had a Rolex before, you know? So like, you know, boom. And he goes, oh, nice watch, man. Nice watch, man. You didn't buy anything else? And I was like, well, I mean, I bought a couple things. He's like, oh, did you get a Versace shirt? I was like, nah, nah, I'll get one this week. He goes, oh, I'll get one this week. I'm like, oh, I'll get one this week.  all that money went. So when I left after I had no money, I was broke. I did everything. It's crazy. It's crazy how he saw it coming, right? But, but you got kind of little lessons for yourself. And then I'm a, by the way, I think I needed that kick in the ass. Yeah. Well, that's what happens, right? And then on the Nike talk forums, you were wild, man. I had a lot of people tell me when I said I was going to do this, they're like, yo, you got to talk to me about the Nike talk forums. He was going wild.  I became one of the most banned people on that site. Then they IP banned me where I had to go change internet providers to go watch the site, and don't ever start a create name, whatever. It was crazy. So I started to play nice. I started realizing, because I would talk shit. I would literally, this is the thing. I grew up in the streets where we talk shit to each other. No one's gonna go call the police or call the Me Too movement or whatever, blah, blah, blah. Are some of the words wrong? Yeah? Okay, I get it. Bagging on somebody? Look, man.  a lot of people on that site though. And one day I went, this was during the time, which was one of the most famous things was, I found out that these Nike skateboard shoes that called SB Dunks were going to come out. And I found out early. So I did a trip all the way from Oregon down to San Diego, the entire West Coast, and I cleared out 40% of the SB stock. I put all of them in storage and didn't even look at, I think I let like 40 pairs go for like a lot of good friends and sold at retail, whatever. I put them away and I forgot, I forgot they  They didn't know if it was going to do well or not. And they didn't hear me. I, you know, again, Gordon Gekko mentality, I clear the shit out. So when I did that, I posted a big picture in my living room with all the shoes lined up. And I said, yo, you guys keep posting your collections, right? What about the stockroom pics, fam? I created a term called stockroom pics. It became a rule on Nike talk, one of the new rules, because anyone posting stockroom pics will be banned from this site, blah, blah, because it didn't do anything.  like for real for real and they couldn't get a new IP address, they created Hood Talk, which was the Nike Talk hater page. It was called hater talk at first, but somehow, somewhere we violated a bunch of rules so they got the website, the forum banned, and then it became Hood Talk. And it was basically, there were forums in there, general forum boom, then name all the moderators and admins you think are haters and they would Photoshop pictures of them, post their addresses, fuck these people ever. Then they had shit where, could obviously post porn  I was like, you guys are snitches. And I just talked so much shit on there. I don't think I ever even grew up. I never even like mature. I just acted like throughout the entire time. And then at a certain point, I became really popular on the page and people were just like, young people call me out like, Oh man, you didn't do it shit with your life, blah, blah, whatever. When I got my first place, I bought, I posted pictures of it, posted pictures of my cars, things like that. And so I was like just flexing on there heavy and people hated it. But some people were like, Hey man,  Like that's all he has though, you know, like with me, it was like, nah, bro, something's better than this. Yeah. I think part of it is, uh, when it comes to all the shit talk, I grew up in a family with five boys. So that's basically the way we communicate, right? You could never walk in the room and say, Hey man, I like your clothes, right? He's got to be, Hey man, you sure looks stupid. Right. And that meant that you actually, yeah, of course. Kings are talking shit. Like, you know, and, uh, look, I'm real close to all my brothers and so did this day, right? You answered the phone and it's like, what's up loser.  And so maybe talk a little bit about just like at what point did you realize like I'm actually conducting business here, right? I'm actually an entrepreneur It's not just me with like a bunch of side hustles like there's a structure to this and I can do this in any industry, right? Whether it's djing whether it's with shoes whether it's with jewelry Like it's the same thing over and over again just in different industries and creating value So what happened was I never worked in anything. I didn't actually have an interest in  One, it would save me enormous amount of money on taxes and whatever, things like that. But from music early on, I saw where I missed opportunities to make money. I could have sold mixtapes here, boom. What if I sold 5,000 mixtapes? Well, it cost me nothing but my labor and some basic cost, boom, okay, there's also the cost to buy cassettes, and these are no mixtapes. But now there's like some bullshit. We're talking about real mixtapes that were like, you know, like they were blended through,  one chick, Natasha, Leo, to tell everybody he had a really big penis or something, right? And it was like a boom, and it was like a rumor went around. And like, in a way, I was telling people, oh, you know, man, yeah, you know, I'm getting paid like five, $600 a night. 500 was definitely, was Mark Ronson, nobody was getting paid that much of a nightclub back then in the 90s. And like, I was telling people, yeah, man, you know, it's crazy, man, I'm going to Paris next week to go DJ this, this, and this. And I was making up these stories. But I was doing it because I had no other way to promote myself. And people were like, yo,  folklore of Ben Baller being bigger than he was. It landed me a job in Vegas at the Hard Rock Hotel Casino. I ended up getting a billboard there. That started, you know, started doing, and I started taking out ads in newspapers, the LA Weekly and Spall Ads, like, hey, boom, you know, Ben Baller is doing this this week, boom, it'll be at Dragonfly, it'll be here. And I started to realize that was good. Then the sneaker thing was part of my DJ, because I was DJing, I was selling weed, the weed money,  the 90s, the specific things, I could see everything you bought. I could see the things you even watching. It was crazy, super, you know, like invasive of your privacy. But I was able to like, you know, just, I understood like, all right, I got this little thing here. Okay. Let's make some t shirts. And I'm gonna say they're limited edition. I only made 100. Nobody fucking knew I made 500, whatever it was. And we did it and they sold out. And so that was another hustle. And then I created a crew.  And I was just able to, to, to, to, you know, keep elevating myself. But as basketball happened, I told you, I wish I had another year, wish I had another year. This where I'm at, you know, I wasn't a rapper or certain things were like, you know, I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper. I was a rapper  anything I'm passionate about, I'm going to find a way to make money. So when I started the jewelry business, even that, I said, we got to create a separate name. We have friends, certainly have my space to promote it. And then we have the traditional stuff. We can put flyers out and do certain things and whatever I can start marketing and putting on celebrities, of course, that's the best potion, whatever. And I started realizing, okay, we're big. We got so big that I have to co my company, which stands for internally flawless and company internally flawless.  They send a cease and desist to us because they're saying that we're confusing people because we're talking about ice and stuff. I'm like, well, ice is a fucking is a slang for diamonds. You know what I mean? Slaying for jewelry and they're like, okay, we don't care. That happens. Boom. We have to restructure. And at that point I said, all right, man, look, you want to get big? Okay. Tiffany and Kota and sell T-shirts. They don't need to. They have the turquoise box. That's their marketing thing, right? What do we have? All right. We need to go out here and market this shit. So we're making plastic pieces.  What about Ben Baller, the brand? So I just started to market myself after OA. And you know, it just every, you know, five years or so, even less, I elevate what I'm doing. When I got into the cannabis space, you know, I'm like, Hey man, let's see what happens. Boom. You know, out there, whatever. There's people who have a lot more followers of me. Five, six, maybe I don't know if they're fake or not. Their engagement isn't the same. They don't have the same following. When I did my television show, these people,  So, you know, I didn't have to study my market anymore. And I just put, I said, Hey, look at anyone 21 and over, I got this new vape pen, you know, it was early on, no, it was dual in vape. And I was like, I just cannabis thing. I wanted to be high end. I didn't want to be some mediocre shit. I was trying to be the Walmart or weed. I wanted to be the Apple. So I said, you know what? I did gold, platinum and rolls gold. Those are the three colors they made available. I had 12 strains, put them out there. Next thing I know, I get in order for a hundred thousand