 Alright guys, bang bang. I have my friend Cindy here. Are you ready to do this? Yes, I'm ready. Alright, you got a whole bunch of stuff that you've done in your life. Let's just start from the beginning. Let's get to your background and then we'll get to the fun stuff. Yeah. Where'd you start out? How far back do I go? Where were you born? Sure. Okay, so I'm from upstate New York.  It conditioned me to be really comfortable being uncomfortable. And that's the journey to entrepreneurship. Not that I went there right away. I actually have always loved businesses. I was a student of business and I had one really instrumental professor, business professor who made me do special assignments and report to her every week on a business, a company I had studied. And out of that, I made a decision when I got out of college. I went to school in DC, small,  No one's listening to me and I'm not making a contribution. At that time, my big brother went to work for a startup. And what were these startups? This is like the beginning of the dot com boom. And went to work for a startup and I'm watching him and I'm thinking, holy crap, he's getting to do all these cool things. They're like testing that he's doing all these things he's never done before. They listen to him and he has skin in the game. And actually I got a chance that we're going to IP  I kept going smaller until I started it for myself. I love it. What was the original idea? So when you went out to actually start the first company, what were you doing? What was kind of the thought process behind it? You knew you always wanted to do it, but like what was the actual genesis of it? You know what? I was sick of creating value for others that I wasn't participating in myself. That's the like cliff notes version, but I had gotten to a place in my career where I was going in and helping organizing companies either for IPO or  take the people like me who exist in these environments, they're high achievers, but they're totally uninspired. This is an industry that I love for what it does. I don't love how they get it done. And so I'm thinking, all right, that's my hypothesis. Can I get these people, put them together? Well, you know what? I told it slate, clean slate, doing it on my own terms. I really caught up for that reason. Put these people together. We got an asset that was the  prescribing, why this has value, why it's different, all that. Maybe talk a little bit about those two parts of the business. Well, you know, it is like the great mystery, isn't it? Like healthcare in general. And I will say, like I'm in an industry that I used to say we were one rung up the ladder from tobacco companies. Not like same level. I mean, let's be honest for people who are watching, like they hate pharma. That's their perception from the media. Um, but you know what we hate in the light of day,  Once you've got that approval, you now have to educate the market. We all know, like you can't turn on the TV and not see a drug ad, but most of that behind the scenes is really going in and educating a clinician base. And my first company, Slate, actually had an asset that was FDA approved already. It hadn't been really marketed. And so my mission was in that, and actually I had to educate the market and get the word out. So I built an organization that was dominantly  When I bought that product, what was so interesting, it was made by this brilliant formulator. He owns a patent in our industry for extended release products. He never marketed it. He's like a bad scientist who invents these great concoctions, but it wasn't his dream to commercialize it. And what it was being used for was women. That wasn't what it was approved for. It was approved for men with low testosterone. But because we had never come with a solution for women,  meetings and the biggest conversation is about finally there's going to be one for women. Like we have a beat on the science for what it is that truly unlocks desire for women. The answer is not to mass utilize them and by giving them testosterone. The answer is to address what's going wrong, which is for women a neurochemical imbalance. And so that was my radical moment when I'm watching the science. I'm watching every big company with way better resources.  navigate this. Yeah. So, you know, when we look at sex, desire gets the party started, right? We have desire, we hopefully become aroused, we orgasm, I hope, and there's no pain present. That's how you really study sex. But for women, you know, what we had been doing is saying like, hey, it works in men. Let's see if it works in women, which is honestly pervasive across medicine, not just in this category. But for women, what we had learned from brain scan imaging, and if  So what we knew is there's a neurochemical basis. We're very animalistic when we have sex. We basically, I call it, we close all the tabs in the brain. We shut everything off to enjoy the experience. For a huge percentage of women, they can't shut it off. There's been a disruption in the balance of these chemicals that allow that to happen. And that's where their desire basically leaves the room. And for me, that was so compelling. So compelling because if you sit  testosterone goes off. And for me, like the calling was finally getting the first woman. At the time I did that time I sold slate, there were 25 FDA approved drugs for men and not a single one for women. 25, there were 26 by the time I finally crossed the finish line. And we could talk about how different that path was for the little pink pill versus the little blue pill. But from a transaction perspective, you know, when I sold, it's funny slate, very few people even talk about my first business.  acquisition target, they could take it to the next level. And I needed frankly, the money from my shareholder base to take this on for women. It was pretty, pretty incredible. Are you allowed to say how much you sold the first one for? I'm not, but we'll call it hundreds of millions. So my point is it wasn't a small sale. This was not a, oh, I just happened to find someone down the street. This was a pretty big deal. And then obviously you then take a lot of those investors on another journey with  And when I sold it off, I really turned around to my shareholder group and I said, I made you a lot of money. Now give me some of it back and we're going to go again. And they did. And I think they did because they had seen me in action and what I had built with Slate. But also I think they knew just how deeply I felt this, that we had to do it. It was a radical bet. It's completely binary, right? My feed is controlled by the FDA. I had to get this through the FDA.  felt very straightforward to me. Like I knew I had to go out and do a very specific double-blinded placebo control. You know, there's a very straight path for science. What was crazy about that is when I went on that path and I did everything that I was supposed to do, the FDA rejected me. That was a bad day. I was really a bad friend. So what was their logic for rejecting the first time? Yeah. Yeah. You know, honestly, the answer was  women's pleasure. For 20 years we have turned on the radio or television and we have been told subconsciously that men's sexual pleasure matters. Biagra, Cialis, Levitra, I can keep going and going and going. You still hear these ads today. There's huge businesses built on this premise. We value sort of sexual performance for men and for women we're like because they can have sex whether or not they want it. What really is that?  is 760 patients with 13,000. Let's talk about a huge data set. Viagra, that's a good comparator. Viagra had about 4,000. Viagra was perceived to meet such an important unmet medical need that it got fast-tracked through the FDA and approved within six months. The prevalence of women who deal with frustrating low libido is the same as ED. It took me six years in the same queue.  I met all the endpoints. This is statistical significance in a double-blinded placebo-controlled trial. And I sat down and I thought, and honestly, this was going through my head, what the hell am I gonna tell my team? And they were, you know, we were small, but they were so committed. We had worked so hard. And I went into the office, it was on a Friday, and I got everybody around the glass table, pumped into my office, and I said,  for doing this, I'm losing my marriage over this, this matters to me. And one woman wrote me who had been watching this, she'd been in our clinical trials and she said, I need to meet you. And she was close by. So I went to meet her, I went to get a coffee with her. And I got to tell you, like when I walked into the coffee shop, we didn't know each other, I had never seen her before. I knew it was her, like she was coming across the room walking and I was like, okay, type A like in charge.  other than this. And I thought, if that is not the portrait of a woman, she has raised her hand a thousand times. She said, hey, something's different. Something's changed. Can you help me? And she'd been patted on the shoulder and she'd been told, oh, take a bubble bath. It's okay. Just relax. And yet we know this scientifically. So I said, can I show you something? I popped up in my MacBook. I'm showing her the brain scan studies. I look at her. She is crying, pouring tears. And that was my moment.  What does it mean to dispute the FDA? I don't even know that that's possible. That was probably one of the first words that can we do that? There actually is a mechanism. So you get a decision. You know, FDA is a huge bureaucracy like every other government agency and you get reviewed by divisions. We happen to be reviewed by the Urology division because they had reviewed all the sex drugs. Not that that's how we work. We work on the brain, but in all the sex drugs before had been for men.  at a federal agency, they were remarkable. And they came in and after three public meetings, or at the third public meeting, the FDA basically assembles an expert panel, you know, of scientists from across the country, and then they put you on trial. Like you present. It's the craziest thing. It's like being in a courtroom. Nobody can believe this is really how it happens. We literally get up, we present, the FDA talks, the public gets a chance at the microphone.  And they voted overwhelmingly to approve the job. That's awesome. What were you thinking when you see that the vote goes your way? Like, do you jump up and start screaming and just like throw your middle fingers on everybody? You know, what's crazy is I can, um, I can remember a few things from that day. And then I think I blacked out for moments. Um, what's so funny is to read the text back from the day because there were moments where people were like, Oh, I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it.  And the clip they showed was the cheers. And like the cheers were like, that doesn't happen when a drug gets approved. But it was such a win. Science won. Make no mistake. Science won, but women won that day too. And that really mattered to me. During the course of it, when people would get up and look, people at the public mic were supportive and hateful. Detractors. And I, my big brother was there with me and I have two big brothers, both were there.  an even bigger announcement. What happened there? Yeah. So I sold it for a billion dollars upfront and a whole lot on the back end. And that was the day after it got approved? We announced it two days after. That was one hell of a week. So it got approved. I got on a plane. I went up to New York. We did incredible press. It was so fun for the approval because it's like we weren't the biggest news story in the world the day that it was approved. It was massive global news. So much news.  The day that happened, that vote, the big companies came knocking on my door. And there were three. And so like, do they call you? Do they text you? Do they email you? They, I don't know. I think they all emailed me. I got to think about that. It was the, the email started coming in like, Hey, we'd love to come to Raleigh and visit with you. And those stories were crazy. You know, I can think about getting into the room. There was, there was one suitor.  very dramatic. They give this big speech on how they're going to take some good care and it's, you know, $200 million and they're like, we're going to let you think about it. And they walk out of the room. So I'm sitting there looking at all of my team and they're sort of looking at me and I'm like, all right, when they walk back in five minutes, get up, walk out the door. And I'm like, five minutes, get up, out the door. So they come back in and I'm like, we are really so flattered. But we're going to go it alone. Thank you so much. And literally the whole team  And they're like, we have your binders. I'm like, oh, that's fine. You keep them. They're for you. And that like allowed the door to still be open and that conversation to keep going. I love that. And so obviously you end up selling it for a billion dollars in cash, which I think a lot of people when they hear a number like, Hey, I sold my company for a billion dollars. Most deals are stock and equity and earn outs. Like that was just cash. And so I asked every single person, what do you do when you see  I still wanted to do. And I just got up and I went to work. I have a guy that is my financial advisor and I have, I laugh, I have told this story, but it was not that long ago and he came into the office and he basically said, well, you live in the same house, you drive the same car. And then he looks at me and he goes, I'm pretty sure you were wearing that the last time I saw you. So we're good. It was unbelievable, but the worst thing  that on my program and she's like, you are a bad-ass. And I still have it on my desk. Like that is, it was so flattering. So moments like that really, you know, made a huge impression on me. For sure. And so since then you've gone on to do investing, Pinky Bader, a bunch of things to kind of help other women or women focused businesses. Maybe we talk a little bit about some of the other stuff you did and then we'll get to the really fun part where you may or may not get the drug back.  there and cheering it on, but also figure out like what's next. And it's extraordinary, right? Like if you can have any possibility or you have no possibility, what do you choose? And for me, I think that what was so clear is I had literally lived a front row lesson in what it means to advocate for yourself and for other women. And look, I'm not actually somebody who talks a lot about, you know, was I in a  to me and Pomp knows some of the profile of women that I invest in. And you know, I've got this great engineer, but she's gorgeous. Like she's 5'10", she's blonde, she's Texan. And let's be honest, like when she shows up on Sandhole Road, they're sort of like, okay. You know, like it's very hard to actually get beyond that, but she's gonna sell her company for hundreds of millions of dollars. And like the next time somebody looks like her walks in the room, we all reach for a wallet.  I know you well enough and I asked you one time behind closed doors, you could have lied, you know, all through your teeth to the public, but behind closed doors I said to you, why are you doing this? And this is when you were investing and kind of really, you know, pressing the gas on the pinkybator. And you said to me to make women fucking rich. That's right. And I remember just walking out of there being like, Cindy is a fucking badass. That actually was so controversial when I made  4% of investment dollars go to women's health research. That's crazy. And so those are the things that really ignite me. And it is about picking people who are going to get to a finish line. Like I'm a early CEO, I think you're a founder CEO or you're a forever CEO. I'm a founder CEO, I like to build it. I like to build it from scratch and create enough value that somebody else comes in and acquires it. And that's really the profile of the companies  you guys are doing. You know, culture was the agenda for Slate. I mean, honest to God, that was the most important piece of it for me is how do you build a culture of ownership? Let me be specific about it. So for me, right, why would you leap and do it for yourself? You want skin in the game. You want a piece of what you create. And I've got the recipe for everybody to be wildly successful in building your business. Treat everybody like the owner of the company. Give them a piece of  I really think that has been a piece. I also pick, we are total misfits. Lots of entrepreneurs will say this, but I have always seen myself as a misfit, and I am definitely attracted to other people who are misfits. And I think that kind of culture creates this extraordinary quirkiness and individuality that has you achieve incredible things. When I got into big companies early in my career, what was so counterintuitive to me,  is quirky. What the hell does that mean? How do you interview for that? I don't say to people like, are you quirky? Yes. Okay. Check that box. Like you're really finding that individuality, but I think it's ownership mindedness, it's boldness, it's quirkiness. It's that they're all learners. Like we are never so arrogant to think that we know it best. We constantly go and learn from others, especially outside of our industry. We're, we truly are family. We're very loyal to one another. I think, you know, we can do this behind doors.  need to describe why this is her nickname. But you know, Ratch has been with me for 17 years. Like she's, she can tell all the crazy ass stories, you know, that we've had, but like there's something about that. And I will say, you know, when I sold this company and I cheered them on from the sidelines, the most important thing was that my people stayed when they were gone and they moved on in their life and I got it back. I picked up the phone and I'm like, hey,  And now you are sitting here and somehow you have to drug and they gave you cash. Uh, and now you are running a business with that drug again. How does that happen? Right? There's only one other person that I know. So, so, uh, I'm going to pick on him a little bit. Doug Lebda, uh, sold a lending tree. Uh, they then grew it. Um, and if I remember correctly, uh, they, he basically sold it. It fell like 75, 80% in value. He went, bought it back. Right. So he actually paid for it and then went and grew it.  for female pleasure was going to have the most insane story. Not only our story and fighting the government, but then you win. And it's really like the entrepreneurs dream come true. We were 35 people when we created a billion dollars worth of value, 35 of us. And they were going to march across the globe and make it affordable in ways that we really couldn't at that moment in time. They take it. They're going to keep me and all the team. They invite me to leave. Three months later, they dismantle my entire team.  I was not happy, not having, I'm the middle of about to go into a launch. And so I become a liability, I'm gone. Then the whole team is gone because they're trying to save their core business, which is burning to the ground. The day that we sold to them, like they were the darling, they were 260 a share. They traded down into the teens. So the truth is it just got deprioritized. It was Punishap and we had fought so many times  says a ton of value. I'm like, well, good. I'm glad you remember that because my shareholders do as well. And not in a threatening way, but like for real, there's a lot of value here. And our transaction was structured. So here's where I got smarter. When I sold Slate, I got money up front. And then I got money on the back end. I participated in royalties, mailbox money for years, which was great. But it was governed by boilerplate language, best efforts clause, classic legal language, best  how much money will you spend on field education? They weren't meeting any of them. So when they blew me off, I sued them in the court of Delaware in exchange for dropping the lawsuit. I got the company back and I kept the billion dollars and got a loan to get started. I win, they win. They get a participation in royalties, but not a bad deal. So what have you done so far? Because now you're sitting here with the drug bank  sitting there kind of doing that class, if you will, in my head for a couple years. And when I got the product back, look, it is hard. It wasn't like I got it back and it was here. I got it back and it was here. Because really to do nothing with something that was the biggest news story in the world damages it. Because people don't know the inside story. So like their perception is, well, that didn't go anywhere. The reality was, how could it have? No one was marketing him. It wasn't stocked in any pharmacies across  And thankfully we got a jumpstart on it and it ships to your doorstep, like an Amazon experience. And so it's been fascinating. I'll tell you, it took me a while. I had to go back and work with the FDA on some of the labeling things that were, should have been modified based on some data. I had to get all the supply chain set, but this year, really it's just this year, we turned on real advertising.  and hang on to my people who are the most important component of the business. And then we'll figure it out from here. Yeah. Talk a little bit about the telemedicine stuff. Because I think people are starting to see, you know, before this happened, it was kind of a little bit more popular. Now, obviously with COVID, it's like the talk of the town, just how do you see that whole part of the industry? Well, look, I'll sound like such a VC type person, which I'm not. I'm totally an operator. But let's be honest. Let's think about like investments that  We all know what that experience is like sitting with the clipboard and like, you know, somebody sneezing next to you and everything else. For so many conditions, we don't actually need a physical exam. We can have this exchange via video. We can have a phone exchange. We could even have a digital exchange when you have my medical history. Telemedicine is the future of medicine. 100%, it is more costly. It is more effective. It is more effective.  While it has been here, we are all slow as humans to change habits. COVID has sort of forced that change. Yeah. And how much of this is dependent on the doctors and the regulations kind of complying with it versus those things already allowed for this and it was just a technology barrier. Yeah. So there's a, they have been a little lessened right now in this moment in time. You know, everything from, everything is governed by regulation, obviously in this industry.  and we have a variety of them that we work with. But there's really, you know, FaceTime was built with HIPAA compliance. So really the technology is there to protect our information. It's really been more of like a habit change in my mind of consumers or even an understanding. You would think when you say telemedicine, it's intuitively obvious what it is, but so many people say to me, what is that? Like what the hell are you talking about? So I think it's really still a very new concept for people.  business owners. Think about it. They're one, two people in a practice often, not necessarily owned by the hospital system. And they're struggling right now because nobody's walking through their doors. Like this is a great way, I think, to even be supportive of healthcare professionals right now. For sure. Speaking of supportive, you have taken Hollywood by storm in a way. And you have a campaign along with a number of other women called Women on Top.  when Eva Longoria was, you know, coming out of the Ivy and like the I loved that the paparazzi are photographing her and everything else. And then they're like, women on top. I like your sweater. But here's what it is. So to me, it's really been remarkable to get to know all of these women on top, women that we look to, who are truly dedicated to putting other women on top. That's what it is. And it was born out of this conversation around  I think it just resonated with people a couple things. And that is, you know, the story of you can take on an injustice and win. And there were two, right? Not only the FDA fight, but I think also what happened with the company. And it's really about like everything that I do at the pink ceiling and in the pinky-bater is just putting power in women's hands.  And that's very fun. But they're ready to own it in a different way. And for me, obviously, I am passionate about women's health, but also sexuality. And I think I'm unafraid to talk about this in a conversation we're having about wellness. And God bless, we finally are. We're talking about mental wellness and physical wellness. You can't turn on and not cease to do wellness. Well, the third aspect of that is sexuality.  I can't pick this. I can't pick it. Who would you want to play you? Oh, it's so hard. Oh my God. Well, you know, there's a door sander bullock. I always have a door sander bullock. So like, I mean, come on. And I do laugh always at the Reese Witherspoon because I did a whole like tweet series about everything I need to know about business. I learned from Legally Blonde. And you know, the pink, Ponce said I wear pink all the time. You know, that was born out  Can you just wear a sensible black pantsuit? And I would show up in the pinks would just keep getting brighter because we were going to talk about it. And so, you know, I think about the legally blonde, there is a little bit of that in all of us, male or female, right? We all have been underestimated in the room, overlooked, you know, in some way. And I think that that mind shift from underestimated to unapologetic is a really defining moment for all of us.  That's it. That's my regrets are I should have done that a long time ago. And so, you know, when your instinct, your gut instinct is there when everything inside is like telling you to do it, do it. Because you're only going to be sad you didn't at that time, you're going to live through way more pain in the interim. You're still going to get it done eventually. Yeah, I love that piece of advice. Two last questions to wrap up, then you get to ask me one. What is your favorite book you've ever read?  recruit against a purple cow philosophy. For me, when somebody's reached my desk, on paper, like they're totally qualified for the job. All I'm listening for are those cues of what makes them different in terms of how they stand out for them to be part of our group.