 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Chhandan here. I'm super excited to cover this. And hopefully, I'm going to learn some alongside everyone else today. So thanks so much for doing this. Yeah, thanks so much for having me, Pop. Excited to be here. For sure. Let's start with your background. You've done a bunch of cool shit in the tech world. Kind of walk us through how we get to you being in crypto.  down the rabbit hole and have been a co-founder and been working on coin tracker, cryptocurrency tax and portfolio solution since then. So we got to talk about Google. The two things that I'm really interested on is the APM program. The associate project manager. Describe a little bit about just like what that process was like and kind of what you took away after having gone through it. I think it's probably one of the more highly sought after programs of the large tech companies in Silicon Valley.  into a project, whether that be search or Android or YouTube or Chrome, whatever part of Google, and basically having all the responsibilities that you would a product manager. So that could range from working on design related things to doing queries and back office kind of analytics type of stuff to working with engineering teams, privacy, marketing. So I ended up working on Knowledge Graph, which is kind of the tool that basically powers the results on Google search. When you search for a question that has  Is it something where they give you a lot of leeway and they kind of say, hey, go pick a team that you want to work on? Or is it more of, Hey, we think you're going to be great on, you know, extra wide team and we're going to place you in that. It's a bit of a magic black box. So the first year it's a bit more of, um, they choose and they put you on something. And then the second year you get to basically go through this interview matching process where you can talk to different managers and pick the team or the area that you're most excited about. Yeah. When I was at a Facebook, every product manager that  I think they're rebranded as X. It's like this, what self-described moonshot factory. Some of the larger bets that Alphabet largely wants to take on kind of these pretty crazy out there wild ideas that could potentially turn into big businesses. So they have a framework about how they think about this. It's kind of technological solutions applied to really, really big problems in kind of these crazy scalable ways. So some examples of  out coverage because the cell phone towers don't have enough range or you need a really expensive backhaul to get into the middle of Amazon, you know, jungle or things like that. Got it. And I guess as part of this, like, what are the steps, right? So everyone's sitting around like, Hey, I wonder if we could beam the internet down. And I'm assuming that it looks like each major tech company has taken different paths, right? When I was at Facebook, they were looking at all sorts of like, essentially drones that could fly for really long periods of time with low energy.  satellites are really, really expensive. Balloons are relatively speaking much cheaper, but with a satellite, you know, you put it in orbit, you kind of reliably or at least semi reliably know where it's going to be. Balloons you have are the whims of the wind. So you kind of try these different platforms, see what the pros and cons are, you see how feasible they are, and then you take the ones that are the most promising. I think having a launch and iterate approach is valuable here because you don't want to lock yourself into one solution early on that may not end up working.  So yeah, I got some field experience too. And they also have a launch site for these balloons, both in the middle of the Nevada desert and another one in Puerto Rico. So yeah, just a lot of cool field stuff. Yeah. And I guess when you're there, you're about to launch the balloon. Like, how does that work? I'm just fascinated by the fact of like, all right, we're gonna take this balloon. It's really big. And we're gonna put it in the air and then just let it float around and beam the internet down. Like, what does that launch process look like? So in the early days, it was literally  puts it in the balloon, fills it up, launches it automatically. It's a pretty autonomous process. It's pretty amazing to watch that happen. And there's some videos you can Google then. And then there's basically an ex-military crew of ops people who are responsible for all the logistics of getting that up in the air and making sure the launch is happening on time. And there's an air traffic control team, flight ops, that basically 24-7, 365 is talking to flight controllers around the world during Christmas, during holidays, like every day all day.  thoughts there or kind of looked at that at all? I'm not an expert on that specific program, but yeah, again, there's different approaches to solving internet in different parts of the world, satellites, balloons, et cetera. I don't know which solution will end up being the winner, but basically from my perspective, getting more people internet access is a great thing. And so the more competition in the space, the better it's going to be for end users. For sure. And I guess how do you go from working on what many people I think would consider like some of the coolest  that would basically send you these Google now cards every time you had a transaction like a receiver ascend or trade things like that. So I had a coin based account. I did the team actually gave me a super small amount of Bitcoin at the end of that integration and didn't really think much about it for a couple of years. And then in 2017, I went back to that and I was like, oh my God, holy shit, like this microscopic amount of Bitcoin like has, you know, gone up by over an order of magnitude. Like maybe I should pay more attention to this thing. So that got me more attention.  tools I was used to using were the same tools that I had always used and the same tools that even my parents were used to using. And sure, my bank account now had a mobile app, cool, but it was the same bank running the same currency, doing the same processes, running the same ACH system. So I was kind of excited about FinTech generally. And it was actually going through the process of trying to start a FinTech startup that had absolutely nothing to do with crypto. That made me sort of fully realize some of the pain points of building  Got it. And I guess what was the original genesis for CoinTracker itself? Was there like one specific problem or did you kind of have this vision of let me go build an entire suite of products for this kind of niche of finance? No, it was actually not meant to be a company at all. It was kind of a personal pain point of my co-founder, John, and myself. We basically had these crypto portfolios. We had all these exchanges, all these wallets. It was a big mess. We started by just creating a spreadsheet like everyone does.  kind of the initial genesis of the idea for coin tracker. It turns out other people had the same point point. Yeah. And so what have you guys built today and kind of how does it work in terms of your relationship with customers? So coin tracker today basically has two major functions. One is a cryptocurrency tax software solution and the other is a portfolio assistant. So the portfolio assistant basically allows you to in real time track everything that's happening in your crypto ecosystem. And that could be  with the local tax rules based on that jurisdiction helps you become tax compliant. Got it. And I guess as part of this, like there's the keeping track of everything. And then there's a lot of people out there who that is a huge problem for them. But the second problem then becomes like, okay, what do I do? Right? Like I have all this stuff and all these different exchanges. Do I buy some, do I sell some? Do there's certain times of the year, should I sell right before the end of the year? You know, how do I harvest loss?  and those strategies and tools can be built for the crypto ecosystem. And that's a lot of what we're doing. There are certainly lots of new sort of nuances and idiosyncrasies about cryptocurrency specifically. And that is what makes it challenging to build a tool in the space, but also what makes it really valuable. So I'll give you some concrete examples. You mentioned like figuring out what times of the years you might want to make transactions and using strategies to basically optimize your portfolio. So one thing that CoinTracker offers  and then buy it back. So the effect of that is you maintain the exact same cryptocurrency positions as you have before, but your tax bill is lower because you've internalized and realized a loss that happened. So just to make that even more concrete, let's say you bought Bitcoin at $10,000 a coin, prices dropped to 7k. You can sell the Bitcoin for 7k, realize that 3k is lower,  When I talk to a lot of traditional investors, they basically say, oh, there's something called wash trading or kind of the loss at the end of the year. You can't have a loss on unrealized in Amazon stock, let's say for the year, December 30th, sell the stock and then just buy it back January 1st or 2nd, right? That wouldn't count as actual tax harvest of the losses. Here in crypto, that's different. Maybe kind of explain like why that is. Yeah. So this is the kicker. This is why it's super interesting in crypto specifically.  what normal financial advisors would do in this scenario to still allow you to do this is either wait 30 days, so you get beyond that period, or find another asset that is sufficiently similar in terms of your diversification of your portfolio to replace that asset with. So typically it would be if you have one ETF on, you know, let's say Vanguard that you're then selling and then buying back a similar ETF on Schwab instead, so that your overall risk allocation is the same, but you can still take advantage of that.  are clearly securities. And so for those, they may fall into the wash sale rule, but for Bitcoin, it's clear. Bitcoin is not a security. This would not apply to it. Ether is also likely not a security. This would not apply to it. So for like these head coins, you can basically take advantage of this loophole that doesn't exist for, let's say, stocks, for example. Yeah. And how important is it? Let's say that I buy, you know, five Bitcoin, but I buy them all at different price points over a period of time. And at the end of the year or when I go to  of money. Accountants dream. Basically, what you're touching on is different kinds of cost-based accounting methods. And the IRS typically requires people to use one of two different methods. One is first in, first out, meaning the first coin you get is the first coin you sell. So if you bought five Bitcoin, Bitcoin number one that you got is the Bitcoin number one that you sell. They also have more advanced method called specific identification that is also allowed. And in that method, it's kind of like what you  Because if you bought again one Bitcoin at a really low price and then got another one later at a very high price You definitely are gonna have a massive tax difference in terms of which one you dispose or which one you trade for altcoins Yeah, it's really interesting and then maybe talk a little bit about kind of on the portfolio side of what you guys do How much of it is what I'll consider just like understanding what's happening versus are you guys making any kind of predictive? recommendations or suggestions  how can you actually act on this information to improve your portfolio or more proactively become a better trader or build wealth in a more efficient way? So we already talked about tax loss harvesting. We'll also send you daily notifications about any new transactions that happen in your account and your daily return. So you might discover that a certain limit order that you set up has executed or that you got airdrop to coin. It's super common for people to like realize that they got airdrops that they didn't know existed.  And again, there's big tax implications for that. So it can help you optimize those things. And again, you're making the exact same trade. It's the same exact positions. It's just you're deciding which coin to move. So from a financial perspective, you are making the same ultimate trade, but you are basically saving yourself a tax bill. So there's lots of optimizations there that the portfolio tracking will help you with. And ultimately, the idea here is we want to make people more financially educated, more savvy about the tax code, about financial development, and more efficient.  you have better, I would call it crypto hygiene. Yeah, it's really interesting too, because I think part of this is you're building feature parity with traditional financial products, but then there's specific nuances to crypto as well, right? So like the idea of, hey, you should understand your balance, you should be able to audit where things are, what their value is, how did that change over time? Like that's pretty much available in any asset class type product. An airdrop is very  about. So airdrops is an obvious one. There's forks. That was a huge thing when Bitcoin cash forked, you know, how do you treat this? Where is this income coming from? How does this affect the cost basis? That is something that's fairly unique to crypto. There's dividends and stock splits and things like that. But a fork is somewhat unique in terms of coming from crypto. Another example of this is around DeFi. So there's so many DeFi products now where you can earn interest, you can do lending, you can do derivatives.  happened recently. So yeah, I think some of the futures contracts and derivatives like Bitmex and Deribit are quite interesting because they're settled sometimes in USD or some kind of fiat currency, but sometimes they're settled in that commodity or that coin itself. And then you're basically incurring capital gains, not only from the transaction, but from the fees that are being paid in that coin itself. So traditionally with margin trading, you would be,  or any challenge that you just say, look, it's just not worth going there. Yeah, so unfortunately, a lot of things here don't have regulatory clarity. So we don't have the luxury of just turning things that are in a gray area down. When that does happen, which happens often, we try to basically make it clear, you know, here are the different positions, here's a conservative opinion, here's a liberal opinion, you know, here's the default approach we take, but you have ultimate user control on whether you want to get a different position or not. There are an infinite number of  user who was living, they were living near the US Mexico border and they were basically crossing the border every day and using crypto for arbitrage between US dollars and pesos based on some exchanges or some exchange point right on the US border and right on the Mexico side of the border. And they sent us a screenshot where they just had stacks and stacks of receipts in an entire room full of receipts that they were manually typing in one at a time on  and kind of how it went and I'm assuming there's a lot of bashing of your head against the wall and it wasn't as fun as you know people wanted to think but maybe just talk about that a little. Yeah so loan applications turns out are never fun. So on the one hand I want to say I'm quite grateful that the government is doing something like I think Congress has probably done more in the last couple weeks than it is done in the last several months or years before that. So I think it's good that they're trying to do something. That said the execution  A variety of different types of businesses and there was 350 billion dollars allocated for this payroll protection program. The reason why it was a bit of chaos is because the actual loans come through banks that you work with, not the SBA themselves, which means you basically go to your bank and you say, hey, I would like a loan. And they basically have a unique loan application process from each bank. We work with First Republic and they actually ended up doing a relatively  April 15th to July 15th for most Americans. And the implication of that is a lot of revenue that we expect in April is now a little bit delayed. And that definitely has big consequences for our business. A lot of restaurants are really struggling right now. Often they're totally closed or maybe they can only take a few takeout orders. And so for these people waiting 18 days may not be an option at all. And we're kind of fortunate. A lot of these people are in really desperate situations.  and payroll provider, gusto, pilot, rippling, et cetera. Everyone had all these webinars. Everyone is kind of trying to understand the rules. And then on top of that, the rules are changing every day. So each day, every night, you would see on CNBC, you would see from like what's going on Twitter, you'd see from Congress, House Senate, they've published either more clarification or more guidance or more nuances or exceptions as to who's allowed to apply or what the forgiveness policies are or what doctor's policies are.  include foreign employees, but you have non-US based employees, you can't include contractors, you can't include salaries above $100,000. There's just all these different kinds of rules you have to apply. And it's not like we have this complicated calculation sitting around in some software. It's like the calculation is changing every single day. So we were basically frantically trying to compute that. Luckily, some people like Pylin, Rippling and others made tools to help automate these calculations. But then it was back and forth with a loan officer to  Yeah, it feels a lot like the government said, we know we're not set up to do this, right? And so rather than us try to hand the money out, like, what's the next best thing? Well, let's go through these traditional channels. Banks are used to giving loans. They have customers, they have underwritten some of these people, and they can kind of help us facilitate that. But people forget that the banks were basically told, okay, you guys are going to do this like 48 hours before it turned on. And then I remember a number of banks  And I think that's a tough position. And I do applaud the government for trying to push these through quickly. Like I think they could have spent months trying to iron out all the rules and make sure that they're not just trying to push these through quickly. And I think that's a tough position. And I think that's a tough position. And I think that's a tough position. And I think that's a tough position. And I think that's a tough position. And I think that's a tough position. And I think that's a tough position. And I think that's a tough position.  because people want to maintain them on payroll, even if they're not doing anything productive for society. I mean, again, which makes sense. Like, of course, people can't eat, people can't buy stuff. So I mean, there's nothing wrong with that. But the adverse impact of that is it might end up making it harder for the economy to restart in some cases, in some segments, when people are trying to hire people for new types of jobs. There's just a lot of weird things. And one other sort of last thought about this is it just occurred to me. It's kind of funny that the government has such a great  So there's something to be said for improving the financial system generally, which obviously appeals to me as someone working in the crypto space. Yeah. So somebody said to me, the government's really good at collecting the money. They're not so good at handing it back. Yeah, exactly. And you know, the part to me that also is really interesting is the first 350 billion, it's like only like three or 4% of the applications actually got processed and the money ended up being successfully doled out. And so like another 310 billion, I think is what is in this latest bill to  folks. An additional $3.10 billion is it's great. It's a good start, but that's definitely not going to be enough for everyone. And you know, it's money printer go bird. Like what are the other solutions here? I don't know. I'm not a government expert here, but I don't think it's going to be enough. And I think that economic carnage is going to last longer and be at a larger scale than I think a lot of people think. Yeah, that meme is amazing. The whole idea of money printer go bird. I just when I first saw that I was  He's going vertical and so am I. But it does bring into the question, right? It's like it kind of shows the value of obviously Bitcoin when it comes to money printing and Bitcoin not being able to be manipulated or the money supply changing. But also I think it changes kind of people's view of right now everyone here in the United States, we're in a dollar denominated economy, right? And you start to look around the world and yes, there's central banks everywhere injecting liquidity.  Bitcoin with a separation of state money. Now it's a little bit more realistic to have that conversation. And, you know, it's not going to get solved tomorrow, but it is interesting to see kind of the economic situation we're in drive more people to at least learn about Bitcoin, cryptocurrencies and some of the stuff that, you know, you and others have been working on for a while. I totally agree with that. I think there's a lot of these things that people have taken for granted because it's just the way things have been business as usual. And now people are sort of  is a hugely positive thing because even if nothing changes, at least people are going to be understanding how the system works and what the pros and cons of it are, which I think is very positive. So I got to ask, what was the consensus on what would the price of negative oil be? So, okay. I live with a consultant who is quite good at X-bane guy. But I think what we calculated was we would need to get 218 wheelers of trucks in order for this to be economically feasible at a price of about  I was starting to do some calculations on how much storage is available in the US, how much oil is already on its way to the United States. And there's some estimations that it could be like, you know, 50 million barrels that are already on boats on the way here. And then you start to look at it, you're like, okay, so we've got, you know, maybe a month or so before people are going to panic again. Or is demand going to increase that materially to get oil out of storage? Probably not.  these things. And so it's kind of scary. Totally. Yeah. I think the negative hundred dollar barrel of oil would have, like people would have laughed in your face a couple of weeks ago if you were to suggest that. And now it's like, wow, that mean anything is possible. Where are we going to put all this oil? And the unemployment numbers are staggering. I think that it's over 20 million now. So yeah, it's totally crazy. I think unemployment in SF has San Francisco has gone from 2% to probably over 20% in the last month. Again,  and cycles or hiring plans, all that, like what's changed due to this virus other than you gotta sit at home and wear masks when you go outside? I personally love working from home. So I think I'm way more open to remote only work. So that's one change, but I think the biggest change for the company as a whole has been a lot more focus on rapid product development and especially trying out ideas that were a little bit more out there and just being like, you know, what the hell, what's the worst that could happen? Like it's go big or go home type of thing.  of Bitcoin maximalist recently. So I think most coins, most tokens are totally worthless, maybe an exception for stablecoins and a few DeFi things other than Bitcoin. I don't know, there's probably some people who agree with me there, but I think that's one of my thoughts. Welcome to the light. What's the one rule or regulation you would change if you could? Around crypto or just in general? It will do in general. In general, ooh.  that would be better for the industry as a whole. That's very niche for this. I'd have to think a little bit more on if I could change any law, what it would be. That's so much free reign there. What would you make the de minimis exemption be? Like what would that dollar amount be? Well, ultimately they tried $600 and that failed because people thought it was too high. So I think getting it to any level where people would be willing to pass it practically would be good. $200 would be a good start. I think there was some folks in Congress we spoke to who were trying to do that. So I think $200 would be good.  It was Jared Diamond, right? Who wrote that one? All right, and last question before you get asked me one, aliens, believer, non-believer? I think unquestionably, they must exist. Why? There's just so much vast universe out there. I think it's very, it's like, it reminds me of when humans used to think the Earth was the center of the universe. It's like, why do we think we're the only planet that has life? It seems so self-centered.  you learned as a sergeant in the Army and what is the least useful thing you learned at Facebook that you had to unlearn? By far the most useful thing as a sergeant in the Army is to never ask someone to do something you're unwilling to do yourself. And I think that is, the Army does a really good job. So for those that don't know, you have to go to a number of schools or one school, I forget.  like he has my back, right? He's a good leader. He's willing to come out here and do it with us. It's not you work for me, go do it, because I said so type stuff. So there's a lot of people in the military, their view of the military is it's very hierarchical. And obviously there is ranks and there is that to some degree, but at the same time, like these people are going to listen to you if you inspire them, if you kind of show them why they should follow you. And so I think that's one piece of it.  And so when you compare that to other parts of society, that's a little bit different. Like a lot of people say, oh, I'm in charge, I go first. And so getting that I think was, it was cool to kind of get both the leadership lessons and the academic portion of it. But then also you kind of put it in practice and see how beneficial that is. And then in terms of faith, I think it's really important to think about the ways that you can get the best of yourself.  most people would walk into a room and say, well, I think that X is true or Y is true. Facebook was very good because they had so much traffic at designing these tests, running multivariate tests and getting the data to tell you the answer and then kind of pushing through whether it was growth plateaus or design problems and things like that. And so obviously you train yourself and your colleagues every time that we have a problem, let's just run a test and the data will tell us the answer. That works really, really well.  go follow the data. And so luckily we weren't working on anything where that could have really adverse effects to users. But you could easily see, you know, when you get into the conversation on fake news and all the different platforms and things like that. Well, if you're just optimizing for clicks, then actually some of the more salacious, less credible content may drive more clicks. And you know, how do you balance that stuff? And so I think that, you know, that's not a problem just at Facebook. It's kind of around the social media or technology companies.  We actually had another username and we'd closely been monitoring this for a long time. The account was quite inactive and we followed some steps, contacted Twitter, said the account was not being used. Could we have the handle and they gave it to us? Ah, see you guys went the path of Twitter. I know a lot of people who slide in the DMs and it becomes a negotiation from $100 to $500. I've heard people selling some of these accounts for thousands of dollars.