 All right, guys, bang, bang. I'm super excited to have Alex Glastin back. Thank you so much for doing this, man. Yeah, it's been close to a year and a half since I was on last and feels like we're in a new age. For sure. Let's start just for those that didn't listen to the first episode. Maybe just give a quick one minute on your background and then what the Human Rights Foundation's focus is. Absolutely.  and expanding people's horizontal ties to one another. I've been doing this since 2007. My work has taken me around the world. I've worked extensively with Cuban dissidents, with the Cuban underground library movement is where I got started at HREF, basically helping my Latin American colleagues who could travel to Cuba, smuggle in kind of forbidden films and books that like people would read and watch inside their homes in Cuba. And this later turned into what is now Paquete, the system where some Cubans have a satellite  It could be incredibly powerful to change society. And then I spent a lot of time in the sort of 2009 to 12, 13 era working on North Korea, traveling to South Korea very often, meeting North Korean defectors and refugees and trying to get an understanding of how we could help them. And what they told us is that we need more help sending information into North Korea. So again, we looked at that and started doing balloon airdrops of flash drives and USB keys and DVDs into North Korea. We started supporting the  much for human rights, especially for the four plus billion people around the world who are cut off from the financial system, who don't have the luxuries and conveniences that you or I might have and whose governments are much more abusive and reckless than the ones we're even looking at today and who have much more to fear from surveillance than we might. I mean, we're worried mainly about surveillance capitalism and, you know, overreach of marketing in many, many cases for most people in the West.  growth side, marketing side, and again have developed this massive interest in the role Bitcoin can play in the global struggle for human rights. For sure. So I wanted to record another episode mainly because the COVID-19 virus has created a health scare and that health crisis is now driving an economic crisis. And I think there's a lot of people who are very nervous right now because they say whenever you have a health  bad the problem really is, right? I know that you guys have done some work on understanding. We see data being presented from countries all around the world around the health crisis and the economic crisis. But just if it is an authoritarian country, like how much can we believe the data that we're getting? And how do you guys think about kind of level setting those data sets versus countries where maybe there's more democracy or transparency?  strong centralized kind of response is probably best and that maybe we even want to grant extraordinary surveillance powers and that there's a lot to learn from China and the Chinese government. And I think this is a very wrong and dangerous perspective to take. I think that there's this sort of a cultural war that's starting to happen to bubble over where it's arguably not even so much a war as a battle that's almost  And what you're starting to see is people become very laissez-faire about their rights and freedoms because they're just focused on what they're learning about COVID and how potentially these governments can protect them. What's very, very important to understand is that the performance of authoritarian governments is not what it seems. So you might look at the data now that the Financial Times or New York Times is reporting. You constantly see these little charts that the Financial Times puts together  The core issue is the Financial Times is regurgitating data from the Chinese Communist Party. They're regurgitating lies. The Chinese Communist Party, remember, has been lying for the last half decade to the world about the prison camps in Gulags and Xinjiang in the northwest part of China. In the northwest part of China, we can see from outer space using satellite imagery that there are vast numbers, a huge network of concentration camps, prison camps, where the CCP, the Chinese Communist Party, is imprisoned  And all of our policymakers and all of these influencers in Silicon Valley are basically looking at China and saying, yeah, we might have to follow some of their measures. I know they're like, well, they might be doing some things we don't like, but you can't deny the results. And I'm telling you, you need to deny the results. Those results are fake. There are extensive reports in Hubei province, where Wuhan is, where the epicenter of the outbreak originally started, where people have just been watching the funeral homes and they've just  but people have become so gullible in believing what China is saying that we're kind of getting sucked into this mindset that we should be more like them. Like there are so many arguments and articles written by influencers in Britain and the United States saying there's a lot to learn from China. And I'm telling you, yes, there is a lot to learn from China. We should run as far away from their government model as possible. And the final piece to this puzzle is that if  did such a bad job controlling the outbreak at the beginning in December and in January that even with all their Orwellian surveillance tech and all the control they had and all of this strong centralization under Xi Jinping, they failed. The virus became an outbreak and has killed untold numbers of Chinese and devastated their economy and has basically ruined their global brand.  of information. If we allow the kind of axes of censorship and control and surveillance to win the day, we're not going to like the results. And so I guess part of this is there was an outbreak. People got sick. That then spread across the entire world. And there's kind of two separate bodies of work here in my opinion.  order to understand who's been infected, who's been where, who's come in contact with somebody who's infected, you know, all of these different approaches. And maybe we can dive into what exactly is contact tracking? What are some of the things people have proposed? And then where is the line between trying to understand what's already occurred and also protecting the civil liberties and personal freedoms that people should come to know and expect, especially in democratic countries?  as a result of government response to COVID is dangerous and needs to be taken very seriously. And one is that the authoritarian overreach from governments with regard to civil liberties and surveillance is very dangerous and needs to be taken seriously. You can believe all three of these things. There's no like conflict in that. So that's kind of where I'm coming from. And I'm looking at this from the perspective of who's actually handling the virus the best from a perspective of statistics and data. Like who's actually doing the best with regard to  that are doing really well. And these are all countries that have chosen to fight this thing in a more open way. And what are the tools they're using? So let's actually break that down. So if you look at each kind of thing that we as a society can do to fight epidemics, let's say, let's say, virally spreading epidemics, hand washing is number one step. And that's completely compatible with civil liberties. We should all wash our hands all the time. Okay, that's like obvious.  and the Hong Kong government, are they doing a great job? And he said, no, no, no, no, no. The Hong Kong citizenry had a decentralized response. Well, we understood the risks because of SARS. And the data says 98% of Hong Kongers wear masks and have been wearing masks since January. And 80% of them stayed home as much as possible. That's why there's only seven deaths, not because of an authoritarian response from Carrie Lam. So masks are really, really important. And bonus for folks here who like freedom and privacy, masks help you obviously against  I think that social distancing is very important, obviously. I mean, hopefully not permanently, but for now, it's something that can be recommended, you know, without an undue imposition on our civil liberties. And then you have, you know, a couple other things, but when it comes to contact tracing, you know what? Contact tracing is really important. Contact tracing is important.  using our cell phones and the location data of our cell phones to figure out who's come into contact with who. And from what I've seen, there is no evidence to suggest that this works, all other things being equal. Meaning if you look at a country like Taiwan or South Korea and you look at their track record and you look at how well they've performed, there is no clear indication that it is because of this mass surveillance that they're doing well. It is much, much, much more likely  They're using kind of telecom data. They're trying to look at people's cell phones and figure out what's happening This has only been helpful in one case. He said on the record with a journalist one case Singapore which has been doing a ton of this stuff And people were pointing to as a success story has seen a big outbreak recently So it's not working so well for them and even in Israel, which was one of the first countries to do like a very aggressive phone tracking program  devices, Apple devices, etc. So we're talking about like a third of the world could come under surveillance from this particular idea. And people were cheering, dude, like people from Silicon Valley, investors, media, they were all like, this is so great. And I'm sitting here being like, this is the culture war over privacy. This is this is my side losing. How is this possible? How are people so short sighted that they've forgotten what has what has Google done in the last decade to prove that they care about  other phones in a particular radius, okay? It's not tracking your exact location. It's just kind of sonoring out, right? And it's just kind of beep, beep, beep. And whenever you come into contact with someone else who also has this happening, your phone and that phone can exchange like an encrypted number, okay? And then like your phone basically monitors the other numbers it's come into contact with and uploads this list of numbers  marketing to you, understanding that you're positive. Governments obviously know that you're positive because you have to declare yourself positive. And there's a lot of vulnerabilities even on that level. But even if we're to assume that they make it as privacy protecting as possible, this Apple Google infrastructure, they're not building the app, they're just building the protocol. So governments and companies are going to build the apps folks. So just remember, Apple and Google aren't building the app, they're building a protocol for phones to talk to each other.  or cell phone tracking, generally speaking, is much less accurate. It's not that accurate. I mean, you can't even use it for digital contact tracing because it's not accurate within 10 meters, et cetera. But Bluetooth contact tracing is accurate to the inch. So what we're doing is in, society is in the process of cheering on two companies that are known privacy violators, Google, of course, everywhere, and Apple in China, especially.  global word that their platform that Apple and Google are making is going to be as privacy preserving as possible. Again, they're not making the apps. Companies and governments are going to make the apps and they're going to take this incredible new tech that's being invented essentially on the spot. That's going to give them the ability to monitor people based on their Bluetooth interactions. And then they're going to combine that with your name, your phone number, where you've been, etc. And they're going to have a real time understanding of every single person that you've  your other personal data to give a government or company real-time understanding of every single person that you speak to or encounter on a daily basis. And they didn't have that before. And the masses are cheering for it. And that's what I think people need to think hard about. What are we trading off for this? And does it even work? I was so stunned to see that everybody's so excited about this as if they think digital contact tracing even works.  positive and who is not, all of a sudden that sounds a lot more scary, a lot more worrisome, right? And so the language, you know, there's a joke that I always go back to and I've got to go back and figure out who it was. It was Chris Rock or who the comedian was. But there's basically they're saying something to the effect of the greatest marketing campaign in the world was the use of the word insurgent. So we went into Iraq and Afghanistan. We said, hey, we're taking on the insurgent.  where digital contact tracking sounds very scientific. It sounds very kind of health oriented. It sounds like it's something that we as a society have to do to stop the virus, right? This invisible enemy. How do we do it? We agree to digital contact tracking. But the second that you say, no, we're gonna surveil the society and we're gonna label people to hold it for people. Yeah, so just when you hear digital contact tracing, just think in your mind, citizen surveillance. And look, I was even surprised to see Snowden and the ACLU come out and say, basically,  we call it digital contact tracing. Where does it end? And I'll tell you where it ends. It ends with something called color coding, citizen color coding. So in China, in Hubei province and elsewhere, now that they're quote unquote coming out of lockdown, which in and of itself is arguable and I think a lot of it is a Potemkin village based on what I know. But let's just assume that, okay, so China is regardless of whether the virus has been beaten  in a room with this woman who's Chinese and she's green and they're not wearing masks and they're just like within five feet of each other talking and her color is not going to yellow. So like I don't know how it works but it's clearly probably a little more propaganda than actual science. The point is that you are gonna be color coded based on how the government perceives you as a threat to the operation of society. So it's not like the app is a key  And your patriotism score dictates what kind of loan you can get, where you can travel, what kind of schools your kids can get into, etc. So on top of that infrastructure, which is built out at the municipal level, it's built out at the corporate level, there's a lot of different experiments all around China, each region has a kind of different one. They're now adding this like color coding to the mix. So now they're basically able to control your movements in China based on like what color you have. And there's an old Soviet joke that  Hey, this would be way easier for us to understand the marketing behavior of our customers. We want to keep it That's coming to stay every time we like add one of these new innovations in citizen surveillance and behavior tracking It doesn't go away. It stays. That's one thing that we have learned and you have to think about this idea that We are on the slippery slope to cut to color coding and it's gonna get more Inescapable because our devices as we've all seen in the last two decades are shrinking I mean that the things that we use  the skin surveillance to under the skin surveillance, which is a concept that you all know Harari, the historian talks about. But I think this all ends in something that I want to call privacy shaming. I think that's what's going to happen as we get further down the road and you're starting to see it now. I'm getting shamed on Twitter, for example, for basically sounding the alarm on the digital contact tracing thing and trying to challenge people on the Apple and Google project. People are calling me a religious fundamentalist, a privacy  you know, that it's actually cool to have rights and freedoms and it is essential to the backbone of our society and the country we've built here in the USA. It's actually cool to protect your livelihood and the information about yourself. And that's a narrative that I would want to do my best to help build. Yeah, I think part of what you're talking about here is this idea that technology continues to get closer and closer to the  which will go in your ear, they're wireless. The belief is that at some point, we continue to get closer and closer, and eventually that'll be just implanted, whether it's in your brain or somewhere. And so technology in general continues to get smaller, more powerful, and kind of closer to being some sort of embeddable. And that may take 10, 20, 30 years, but that's the general direction that technology is taking. It would be no surprise then that the technology that is used for  Well, I mean, yeah, of course you could leave your phone at home if you want to or you can put it down You can do things to your phone to prevent it from tracking you meaning you can Friend of mine Matt Odell who runs the TFTC podcast He has a good series of guides showing you how to take your like Google phone and basically strip it of all the Google software and install something called graphene Which is a very privacy protecting OS and you can use Tor browser and different apps on the phone to basically be completely private. It's really  important. And it's a fiction book that describes 2028, 2029 America, where we basically default on our debts and hyperinflation starts to come to the United States. It was written maybe 10 years ago. And it talks about all the different social impacts that that may that this starts to have on people like that. One of the characters lives in Brooklyn, there's a refugee, you know, camp in Prospect Park, and people are fleeing and there's all the civil civil unrest, etc, etc.  about how they wish they could have chips for refugees so that they could keep their digital passport on it and we could know if they've been vaccinated or whatever. I think this is a very dangerous road to go down because I know how it ends. I mean, I know where the slippery slope goes. And the slippery slope ends in Xinjiang in northwestern China right now, where the government does have those capabilities and they have all of that surveillance and control and power. And what does it result in? The mass incarceration of millions of ethnic minorities, of people the government doesn't like. That's where the sentence, there's no like good  Again, we can do all these things that don't require civil liberties intrusions, whether it's hand washing, masks, testing, social distancing, investment in public health infrastructure. There's public education that can be worked on, all sorts of things we can do that don't require the stripping of our civil liberties and freedoms, and that don't require us to go down the path of a country like China or a country like Iran. Iran is very similar to China. They also covered up the disease at the beginning. They also  and the Iranian mullahs who were responsible for spreading most of the disease to the world because of censorship and lies. And you look at that model and how devastating it's been for people who live in those countries. We don't wanna go down that road. Like let's go down the road of whether it's Iceland or New Zealand or Taiwan or arguably even California. I know it's been rough here and we've had about a thousand deaths, but in a country of 42 million, we've done pretty well.  and we gave them extraordinary powers whether or not we did it specifically or not, we allowed them to take all kinds of crazy powers over us that have led to a dramatic erosion of civil liberties even in America. And the boogeyman then was terrorism, which was real and devastating, but did not excuse what happened after. Similarly here, COVID is real and devastating, but it does not permit, it does not excuse the government to  is a lot less accurate than Bluetooth beacon tracking, which is what this Apple Google thing wants to do. I mean, remember folks, this can track you to the inch, whereas the current tracking can't. And why would you trade off even more of your privacy and freedoms for something that may not even work? So I hope you can remember this as we move forward and think about a way to have a decentralized response to COVID. I mean, obviously we're seeing Pomp, we're seeing a shift to the low end  Be kind to others and use Bitcoin and learn about Bitcoin because I really believe that Bitcoin is such an elegant response to the two big threats that Americans are facing. The first threat I've gone over in detail, this threat of an authoritarian overreach on our civil liberties. Well, guess what? With Bitcoin, we have a system to transact with one another that is pseudonymous and can be very private and doesn't need to leak or disclose information  last financial crisis, right? So Bitcoin kind of does two things. Again, it provides us a platform to build pseudonymous, more private sovereign communications and financial transactions. And on the other hand, it removes the sort of Canton effect possibility, this effect named after this British economist from the 19th century who basically realized and described that the people who were closer to the money spigot, to the money creation  that bureaucrats who aren't even elected can decide to create more money and then issue and distribute it in a way that is built on favoritism. That is not possible with Bitcoin. It is an open market competition. It doesn't favor anybody over anyone else. And there can't be a manipulation of the money supply in that way. So that's why I get really fired up about Bitcoin and why I think you all should learn more about it and understand it because it can really help  Right. So, you know, I don't know if you saw the video that floated around on Twitter in Australia of a helicopter with night vision, literally finding three guys drinking beers on a roof and using a microphone to tell them to come down and then they get arrested. Or in Kentucky, there's a judge who said to somebody, hey, you won't stay in quarantine fine. We're literally going to put a GPS enabled ankle bracelet on. Right. And we're going to know where you are. And it just feels like, yes,  apart in some way, to what extent is unclear. But the good news is in a democracy, we should arguably be able to decide that, meaning like we should have a dialogue in the open media and the press and in our local jurisdictions and in our states, and we can have debates and our elected representatives can decide whether or not what to do. It has not been perfect and there may be an overreaction in many, many ways with regard to this restriction on our civil liberties  parking lots, near national parks and the beach are closed down. And maybe the city of San Francisco has some like bizarre decision making they've been making. But generally speaking, I feel pretty free here. And if we can defeat the virus without like unnecessary impositions on our civil liberties and basically more surveillance, then I'd be very proud about that model. And I hope others could learn from it. But there's no doubt that we are seeing some worrying things happening in the United States.  the  We can do better without changing the structure of our government. We just need different people in charge, but we can definitely do better and we need to plan for these things. If we have a plan in place, then there doesn't need to be any restriction of our civil liberties, right? So if the plan is in place and we have a mutually agreed thing we're gonna do when a pandemic hits, we don't need to call in the army. We don't need to call in the National Guard. We don't need to have emergency surveillance. We have a plan that we've worked on. Problem is we didn't have that plan.  like the Chinese Communist Party. Again, anything you've ever heard about the way they've reacted to the virus is full of lies and nonsense, and it's a giant Potemkin village. And the virus has absolutely devastated their country, has killed untold people, and is basically ruined the image of Xi Jinping internationally. One thing I wanted to say is that even just our trust in centralized institutions, again, this theme of a decentralized response, where we rely on each other in our communities is very important.  was the sole person who destroyed the health infrastructure of Zimbabwe in a way that is so sad and tragic. I mean, Zimbabwe, he put Zimbabwe back a hundred years. Your listeners can read an amazing book called The Fear by Peter Godwin about what Mugabe did to Zimbabwe. And yet, despite the fact that Mugabe actually destroyed the public infrastructure of this country, the World Health Organization tried to make him an ambassador in like about less than 10 years ago. Secondly, the World Health Organization went to Norway  He cut his teeth working for Melesinawi, who's probably one of the most brutal dictators in Africa. The guy killed 40,000 of his own people in one sitting in 2005. So Tedros worked for this guy, and now he comes to the World Health Organization. Of course, he's going to favor the authoritarian model, and he's going to basically side with the Chinese Communist Party. And that's why in December, when there was evidence from brave Chinese  And