 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Arjun here. Thanks so much for doing this man. Thanks for having me. Appreciate it. For sure. Let's just jump right into your background. You were one of the rare folks who's actually built a successful business, exited, worked at a large corporation and now spends time investing. So kind of just walks through your background. Yeah, so I actually grew up in the Valley. So my dad  Some people were in their backyard in their tents. I'm forgetting what kind of car someone had, but it was essentially like this big Volkswagen camper van in front of our house, and he would sleep in there, and he would just come in and take showers. And so I kind of watched that. And to be frank, I saw that and thought to myself, why would anyone ever want to go through this much pain to start a company? And again, being a kid in your mind,  for the Army in 99. And so I went through BASIC, got out and they gave you a series of tests to see essentially they're testing your IQ level around what are the types of things you can do. And so I never went into any sort of standard MOS. I actually went straight to the Department of Defense and they started contracting with them before I was deployed out with folks in the Army between 99 and 03. And during that time,  University of Maryland at College Park, taught a little bit of ROTC there as well. And then just studied math and history. Never finished math, I only finished history. And then the startup ecosystem was actually starting to get hotter and hotter in California where I grew up. So I came back and started a bunch of companies. And while I appreciated that you said, hey, I had a successful company, I had maybe 10  And then eventually, I started a social gaming company out of my time from Facebook on the Facebook platform. There's a company called Lolaps. We scaled very quickly. I would say we had a lot of tailwinds and luck on our side. And we went to zero to 100 million monthly active uniques, zero to 100 million revenue at some point. But it was never a straight line in what kept going up and down because our game would scale and then it wouldn't.  company called Six Wave. So we all kind of came together and we were their outfit to publish games on mobile. And so that was, you know, that was a wild ride because you, we were taught how to scale an organization. So we went to a couple hundred people, fired a couple hundred people, went down to 30, scaled again to a couple thousand people, fired 500, 600 people, because the games had oscillated. And then  retrieve it faster, you could analyze on top of it. This is when data and analytics companies started emerging at a faster pace. So that was the time when I was growing up and my companies were either succeeding or failing, but this is how you built your product and engineering teams. And so kind of fast forward from there, I had started another company called MessageMe, sold that to Yahoo. I was on the executive team there, scaled their whole mobile unit out to a couple billion in revenue.  your frameworks, what's the philosophy around the data that you're collecting, and then how are you going to make decisions based off of that? And I think the companies that have done that really well have been Google during their time. Facebook probably the most prominent of them. And we're more biased there because that's our background. It's where a lot of our team comes from. Jonathan, my co-founder at Tribe, essentially invented the data science practice at Facebook when he started there. So a lot of, you have to kind of think  strategy, but the list of folks that have been successful been pretty long. And we thought, okay, well, in the private markets, what's most important? And what was most important was the same work that we used to do when we built a company from the ground up from scratch, which is you have all this data, storage is getting cheaper, retrieval of that is cheaper, and you should be able to analyze it. So what are the frameworks that you use to make good decisions? And so I eventually joined a firm called Social Capital.  build bottoms up for you to make better decisions. And so what I really pushed for during that time was great, we can do that, but how can we help to augment the companies that we work with? How can we make better decisions ahead of time? How can we store and query this over time so that we can get better at our decision making? But as venture capitalists, how to augment our time of our experiences, right? Like I've been an entrepreneur at scale companies, who cares? There's a certain amount of time that goes by that it's less relevant.  living social and Groupon and you guys are very good at distribution. We should do the same thing and I was like We have a distribution retention for our games. We make money We have well profitable unit economics and we want we need to scale that And I think a lot of people focus on short-term metrics short-term vanity metrics in some cases and so a lot of you know, my Time and my colleagues time have been spent around. What's the data?  than starting a company at the wrong time and then also starting one, you know, kind of at the right time with the Facebook platform or stuff like that. Yeah. So if you, if you use the word timing, uh, you know, it really goes back to, in my opinion, four pedestals, but people talk about product market fit. Product market fit is essentially just that it fits within a certain timeframe. And then you have a product that is working. Uh, how do you quantify that in a market that has demand for that product? How large is that market at that time?  the products that I was building and my colleagues were building, you can say that either the timing was off that the market wasn't ready for it or the product you built just wasn't working for the market that existed. It's kind of either or. And I would say all of my products had a failure of one of the two at any given point when we first started, where the market was fairly saturated with a ton of the same types of products. So what you were building wasn't any differentiated, it was a commodity.  I've got this idea. How do I evaluate? Is this the right time for the product? Yeah, you know that what I'd say is Who fucking knows? I think the part of that is that there's a certain amount of risk that you're underwriting in the beginning You know, maybe it's a vertically integrated SAS play into a certain type of market that's never seen software Are they ready for not who knows maybe it's in a market that's not the United States. It's outside. So it could be energy  and maybe we get two to three people to act on top of it. What we're really doing is we're just building some sort of prototype. We're building something that has capital expenditures towards some sort of ROI. And that ROI might be nothing. Is that, hey, we just learned that this doesn't work. Or we just learned that the market doesn't exactly want our product this way. We're seeing all these demand signals to go a different direction. Let's build in that direction. And that's typically what you see for a lot of companies. It's really rare.  I would think through is that you know, there's no real data in the beginning You got to have some sort of keen insight and then as time goes on and especially in today's day and age You do have data that you that are that you're collecting on how your customers are interacting with your product and and the beauty of software products are is that there's a ledger to it there's breadcrumbs of how people use it and that's actually where we come in is that we have like this guide map of what it looks like to be a healthy company for  Facebook for massive distribution and growth made a lot of sense. Maybe someone argued now it doesn't. How do you think about also the timing of the growth tactics that you're using? You know, you know what I find interesting is the few I was actually reading the book from Howard Bucks marks on mastering the market cycles. But what it really reminded me of the cycles of distribution at the same distribution techniques.  where the five hour energy just grew very quickly because they were on TBS at like late nights when people were tired. And so I think like if you have a much more longer term perspective on what distribution channels work and what don't, email still works, SMS still works, newspaper advertisements still work. It just depends on what your product is, who your audience segmentation is and do you have a unique value proposition that will work? I've always kind of found it interesting that people say,  It's not where your segmentation lies. It's not where you're gonna have intent. What's the point? And so, you know, while we get these new channels, it's just, it's, you know, more of the same. It's just about how do you use those channels and how are you efficient with it? You know, one of the differences in the private markets and venture capital compared to the public markets, the public markets have a price associated to the asset every day it trades. There's a lot of volatility. And so emotion becomes much easier to manipulate just because of  There, you know, one is people use the word data driven where I'm really averse that because it just means that you're just going to go like you're not going to be, you're not going to think about what this data means in the first place. And so we like to use the word data informed internally. And so we came up with this framework called the APAL where it was essentially how do we quantify product market fit for any company that uses software or is enabled by technology in some way.  like there, you might say no, right? Like you're nodding your head saying like, yeah, like that company doesn't feel healthy to me. So I'm just going to pass them and look onto the next thing. However, if you, if you find something that's interesting and say like, you know, this, the way in which this company has cash management or efficiency or, you know, overall, uh, uh, uh, their overall cashflow nature, maybe I should dig in deeper and you start doing your work from there. Then you start thinking about demand signals. What does the overall,  as well for early stage, mostly because those are all lagging indicators. So if you're investing in a seed plus or series A or series A, a lot of these companies have really de minimis revenue or revenue that's really not going to paint its picture yet. That's coming later. And so you're looking at forms of demand or engagement, which is what I call it. So you have to have standardized frameworks for that. And that's really where we've spent almost all of our time. Now you can take that and say, okay, great, you can actually do more  understanding the demand signals for how a company works. So our framework was called the APAW. We published this, you know, about six years ago, my partner had done this. He had published this actually even while he was at Facebook. And, you know, if you're coming to Facebook today as a product manager, you read this. If you are learning product market fit quantitatively, like what are the frameworks that you use at Stanford, they reflect our work. If you go to Sequoia's website, they have a section for product market fit.  question you ask everyone is like, what does it take to raise a series seed? What does it take to raise a series A? What does it take to raise a series B? What are the milestones I need to achieve? And we basically say here are the fucking milestones that you need to achieve. And it's, and here's the gradients of where you need to be. And, and, and here's what use of proceeds really look like and, and what people are going to gauge you on. And this is what we tell our entrepreneurs. This is where we think we can help. But more importantly, because it's standardized, this is where this is a standardized  Is it a sublinear path? Is it super linear or is it just linear and all companies have different stages? And at some point I'm sure we'll talk about network effect because we both also came from that same background. But that's just as important, right? Is that you can only really think about network effect if you have a foundation to understand where a company is in its life cycle and do they have product market fit or not? Frankly, most products don't have product market fit and that's what you wanna know. Do you wanna spend your time as a founder  Once you kind of see the light or you get indoctrinated to this, then you look at user metrics, you see a whole different part of the business because it's not so much, hey, how many users do you have right now? You start asking differentiating questions like what's your week over week growth, your month over month growth, what's the retention look like? Because more nuanced questions can tell you so much more about the business. And really what you guys have done is you've built software that can do this in a very automated, fast way and also compare it back to other companies you've seen. Yeah, I mean, what we tell any companies that we work with  someone or a collection of individuals that had some experiences qualitatively and bring them into a firm and say like, this is your guy or this is your girl and she's going to help you get to where you want to get to where you want to get to. Well, the problem with that, as you know, is that we just talked about cycles of things changing. Things change so fast. You know, the things that worked for my companies over the past 10 years are not going to necessarily reflect or work in the future. So what do you do? Well, you've got to start  DAU over MEU doesn't make sense. So it's more about like, you know, what are the ground truth type metrics and demand signals that matter and then the unit economics behind it. And a lot of people have their own frameworks for thinking through it. My biggest issue has always been, those are always lagging indicators, right? Like looking at someone's finances are lagging indicators for early stage, not late stage. And so how do you then take this super data informed approach where you do have access to that software that you talk about? Do you say,  that knows that your business is gonna have ups and downs. You're not having price discovery like the private markets on a daily basis. You're only having price discovery, you know, sort of maybe like twice a year, if that, that seems at a high frequency already. And what you're really trying to do is understand micro and macro. And I think this is important, right? And the data sets behind that. And right now we've been talking about primary data and micro.  going to have around the table to do that. And so again, I go back to the context has always been let's focus on people. And then as you mentioned, gut driven investments. Or can you get a foundation or a context of a certain type of company? And you have software that helps augment that with you know, with their workflow to help me be a better investor or help me be a better board member or an active investor. Remember, at the end of the year, these active investors around you, right, that are coming on the board, you're spending time with them.  you have. Maybe I'm not going to have all the nuances on like what you A B tested last week. Of course not. But I should be able to explain your business from the bottoms up around why it's so important. And if I can do that around the dinner table or over a Zoom call like this, because I have context, I have my data informed methodologies to do that, that will just make us better investors regardless. And I think that's always the case. That's the case when you are a GM of a business unit.  If you ask any you know VC out there, how is your company doing? They'll say that person is great. They have they know what they're doing I love how they're attracting the customer base like all these high-level fluffy-duffy shit And and then what they'll say is they're killing it Even if they're not and then you have no idea what's happening and you know if I and if I was a employee and I got introduced to a  and analyzed around this idea of fast money and slow money. Maybe talk a little bit about what that means and then what that work showed. Yeah, so we did two things. One was, you know, what was the failure rate of companies during some of these downturns? And then what are the behaviors of capitalists, you know, regardless of being venture capital hedge funds, private equity or family offices, what is their behavior in these types of downturns? And so, you know, what I kind of  And so, what you really want to know is what's going to be ahead in the future after the cycle, right? Like, and are you, are you, are we in fear mode or greed mode? And I would argue right now we're in fear mode. And so what's happening is that that's been augured. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're in fear mode. And so, you know, we're  think about doing X, Y, and Z. Whereas the other folks, they have a trade mentality or a flight to safety mentality. And sometimes that mentality is not helpful towards company building, a multiple building and compounding. Yeah. And I guess part of that is you guys looked at not only the frequency of activity, but also kind of pre, during, and after these crisis periods, where people even just around. Right. Because I think one of the most telling things was just  especially in the technology industry. We had 2015 and 2016 on the SaaS side with LinkedIn, sort of losing about 50% of their market cap. You have these things happen all the time and people can get fearful. And as you know, press PR and media can kind of compound that and conflate things where they might not be needed. And so it was more about, yeah, who's the venture tourists or who are the capital tourists in this industry?  And a lot of what we wanted to do was to make sure that we could give this information to our portfolio first as well as the community around how to think about building your long-term strategy over the course of the next year. And so you also recently wrote a big piece on Carta and kind of this idea of end of one companies. Maybe let's just start with Carta and kind of walk us through the history you guys have had with that company and what's really driving a lot of the conviction there and then we can get into what end of one companies are.  have a network that's very strong. It doesn't matter what industry it's in. You can call it a network in the marketplace, et cetera. It doesn't matter. When you find something that's special and a network is being built, the question you ask is, how big does this get? And a lot of humans, in my opinion, have a hard time, one thinking linearly, but imagine when you're asking them to think exponentially. It's just so hard.  You know, we go door to door style sales or bottoms up or top down and we have a network effect. You know, people know us. It's our brand. Well, that's also not a network effect. That's a it's called a brand halo or scale of economy effect. Sorry economies of scale effect. And so What you really want to be able to measure is how your customers interact with each other. What you really want to be able to measure is does your network allow you it does as your network is being built or your customers reinforcing each other. Alright, so for the example we use for  You could tag it, you could like it, you could re-share it, and eventually it became a media type where you don't share just your photos, you do videos and articles, et cetera. But you have all these interaction points that are different, and the experiences that different customers have are different. It's not the same. Your experience of the same article is different than my experience of that same article because it's just the way in which we are approaching it. And so you have this platform that you can use to make sure that you're doing the same thing.  and products will have similar style network effects in their industry. And will it be disruptive or revolution as that space? The first one we ever saw as investors was Slack. And so we kind of, you know, doubled down, tripled down, quadrupled down into that company. We were the first investors, you know, post pivot when they went from a gaming company to a messaging company for enterprise. And we saw very similar characteristics  the friction they might have created when that product came out. If you really look at what makes Slack special, it's not just intercommunication, but it's external communication as well. Companies communicating with other companies, akin to email. And so that was the pitch we made. And that was actually the first time we had taken these frameworks from Facebook and from Slack and started using the word N of one. And this is while we were at social capital, like using these frameworks and starting to use where,  and one of the co-founders was that he said, I wanna build a network effect. I don't know what that's gonna look like, but in order for me to do it, I need to have this centralized view of the world versus a decentralized view of what everyone else is having, right? He was very contrarian. Everyone else at that time was talking about crypto, blockchain, distributed systems, but I'll be able to interact like programmable money and currency. And what he came away with is that we need to be able to systematize  the platform and then their investors engaging with that platform. You had this really weird but extremely engaging set of nodes and edges interacting with each other, but they were so far away from each other at the same time. You don't have the head of Harvard Endowment deal with someone at Gusto that owns a share, but they're both stakeholders of the exact same asset and they're all in one platform. That was really exciting to us.  we were able to see was that as the network got larger and larger, you know, again, akin to the photos parallel that I mentioned for Facebook, and then building multiple businesses on top of it, a card I started saying, you know, because we had spent a lot of time with them talking about the NN1 framework, talking about what an atomic value means, talking about what it means to have gasoline on top of your atomic value and how to scale. You know, they came up with another product for a different set of customers.  And so what you had was this new revenue and new engagement and new product and on the same network. And I think this was key, which is that it's all interacting with a portfolio of assets that you own. And then what are the types of products that you build for them? And what that's really led to is what else can you do? There's banking and financial services for these companies, in some cases lending, because you have now a distribution of 15,000 companies  markets where you have a really good transparent look through and you can start building a new type of market. Like if you really think about it, people have talked about democratization of capital in this country in the United States where we're a democracy. Democratization of capital is only 30, 40 years old, like where you had, you know, securitized loans, collateralization of bond obligations,  crypto markets get involved on top of a platform that has transparency. What does that actually mean versus a platform that didn't have transparency before? And I think that's what we that's what I start getting really excited about, which not just on Carta, but other areas and industries where you can do this real estate, go back to mortgages and loans, go back to understanding what does it mean to have access to capital and I would call it democratization of capital in those industries. And what does that look like?  with a business like Cardo, which maybe it's not as obvious to people that it's a network effect business, but you guys, by looking at the data, could really tell, is it number of stakeholders? Is it transactions, logins? How do you actually think about that from the more tactical standpoint? Yeah, I mean, I would really urge anyone to read our Cardo manifesto. There are a lot of things that are trade secrets, so I won't go into that. And it's competitive in some ways to companies that want to compete with Cardo in the long term.  the main thing. And again, when you're going back to a company, you're not talking about engagement, people logging in every day, where you're really talking about is the number of stakeholders that are in a company. In theory, you could say the larger number of stakeholders and the value of that stake that goes up over time makes that stake more important to the ecosystem up until a certain scale. And the question you have to really ask is like, what are you able to do with that over time? And what does the what do the companies in the ecosystem look like?  And I think that's the key. It's something that worries me at the same time, but it's also a trend that I don't believe is going away because of the way in which companies need to be built for long-term viability of investments rather than the short term. Yeah. And so one of the things that people usually talk about is always how do I find product market fit? How do I build the network effect? And from the investor seat, people talk about, do you have that monopolistic tendency? You guys use the terminology end of one, end of one, end of one, end of one.  make sure that you don't screw it up on the way to scale. Yeah, you know, that's a really good question. I would say that any example I give you will have a counter to it and that, you know, I, I, I generally believe that if you are in an excellent market, your team can be average or below average and it'll still work. And the reason I say that is there's just so many companies where you can see that and, and I will,  and say, okay, well, what do they do really well versus what they don't? And most of these companies, I would just argue, they're just some very, very good markets and they were able to have product market fit in those markets and they are riding on the tailwinds for as long as possible. Our goal is to try to find companies that were just like Facebook, that were able to recognize that they had a good product, they need to build out their team and make sure they can continue to execute and that they can continue to ride market tailwinds and users  and they love it. I remember one team came to us and said, hey, we went on an offsite for three days and all we did was go through line by line your guys's whole analysis. And to me that's great because that means we are adding value to our companies because we're just making them think. We're not telling them what to do. We're not telling them if they are good or bad. We're just giving them raw ground truth and a bottoms-up view around how to view