 Thanks for having me.  trading desk. So that's like an internal hedge fund within, you know, within the firm. It was the, you know, it was the largest risk taking group within the firm. And so for someone at 23 who had no experience in trading, you know, no background, I was definitely the odd man now. Right. So I was a young analyst soaking up knowledge from some of the best who ever did it really, you know, some of the largest risk takers in Goldman's history. They often went to go set up their own hedge funds. And so after a few years of doing that, I moved over to credit trading, where I, you know, ran a relatively big book trading  And so I traded a multi-strategy book, you know, at Millennium Blue Press and large hedge funds. So I've always traded pretty, pretty broad risk, you know, equities, fixed income rates, commodities, et cetera. And as you said, now, you know, I'm running the firm in LA, which is focused on private investments. Got it. Let's talk about the navigating the crisis. Obviously, that's got some parallels today, some differences. But maybe just like what were your big lessons learned, given that not only did you kind of go through the crisis,  days. But in general, you know, prices move in a relatively linear fashion. You can buy, you can sell, the price might be higher or lower, but you can get things done. That was really an introduction to the fact that if somebody doesn't want to make a price for you in the opposite direction that you're in, there's sometimes no exit. Right. And so trading that book, you know, for Goldman throughout that crisis, I learned a lot about liquidity, we traded that at scale, obviously. And so I think some of the lessons there as well were that, you know, sometimes these things can persist for longer than  appreciation of knowing that liquidity only matters when you need it. You only know you need it when you need it. And so I think those were some of the large lessons learned. And we're seeing that over the last couple of weeks in the market, public markets today, right? Is there a complete price just fell off a cliff in many, many asset classes and it's because people literally were looking for that liquidity. Yeah, yeah, that's right. You look for it and you learn how to trade size. It's why you're on the hedge fund.  to the risk analysis and the skillset, right? It's not just picking the right investments at the right time. There's different ways you have to move in and out of risk when you're managing large books of that size. And so even though the venture capital market is a lot smaller, the risk I was trading Goldman was large in a moderate size market. Here in venture, the market's relatively small. And so everybody has to understand how to move relatively large blocks of risk around when the time comes. Yeah. And you've mentioned risk a couple of times. And I think that people who are unfamiliar  you're managing the risk, right? Your opinions on the matter are very qualitative and speculative at best, right? So you often see traders, you know, they don't want to know what you think about the market. Just tell me your position, right? If you're bullish, how long are you, right? I'll judge your conviction based on that. If you're bearish, how short are you? I think in a market right now where, as we were talking about earlier, a lot of people have opinions on COVID, on the market, etc. If you don't have skin in the game, right, if you're not managing and feeling that risk as it oscillates and as it goes up and down,  and you can sort of take all these inputs from around the world and crystallize it into a trading view and try to predict what's going to happen next. What the job really is, I think, at least in my humble opinion, is it's about understanding when there's a setup in the market where even if you can't predict the probability of what's happening next, you know that if X happens, the return might be 10X. And if the opposite of that happens, the return might be negative 1X, right?  millions of people voting, right? Billions of people. And so, but what if you can find investments that you know that if there's an equal probability of two events occurring, which is generally the base case for something which is unknowable, if you can put yourself in risk reward situations where the reward is multiples larger than the risk, you know, you do that systematically and you do that over time. And that's how the great investors make money. You know, I think one of the other things I learned is that  investors and traders have to really understand and be honest with themselves about when they feel like the risk reward is truly skewed and to know when to really push the chips in. And so that kind of bet sizing, investment sizing, risk management is often more important than just getting the right or wrong view, right? Because we all get them right and wrong. Yeah. And I guess how do you think about that? Like, let's take oil, for example, right? So we're recording this right after oil  something and so how do you actually evaluate that? Yeah, it's interesting, you know, and I think the corollary from my side thinking about equity and credit as well, you know, which I've traded more of a trade at the little oil is that there's often a very appealing strategy, broadly speaking, right, which is short volatility, which is the idea that you're essentially collecting premium for for some sort of reason, right? And you can either be explicitly short volatility, right? You can be selling options, but there are lots of other ways to be implicitly short volatility, right?  But when it happens, obviously the magnitude of it is very, very high. Right. And so I think about that because I think, you know, you often have risks in your portfolio, especially, you know, when you're new to it or, you know, when you're a novice investor that you didn't really know you had. So the idea that a front month oil future contract can go negative is not something that a lot of people would have expected. Right. The idea that you might be short an option and have convexity, which means as the position goes against you, not only is it a short option, but it's a short option.  they can't foresee, you know, around the corner as to what might happen, they know that when those things do happen, you know, it's career risk, right, or it's personal financial disaster, etc. Right. So I think, you know, it takes it takes a lot of diligence to make sure you're looking at positions and being honest with yourself, right, about why you're entering it, what the unknown unknowns really are. And whether or not on in some way, shape or form, you're trying to pick up, you know, pennies in front of a steamroller or whatever the  in their careers long enough to still be in the game, right, which is a large part of it, is that they often have some sort of tail hedging, right, some sort of risk, which they expect to lose money, but which is, you know, meant to act as a kind of a what if, edge to the portfolio, right, and you learn that it's worth paying that fee to have that. And part of this too is, there's obviously a difference in the public and private markets, right, the public markets, in theory, they're supposed to be more access to information,  really have an asymmetric advantage with respect to access to information. You don't have an asymmetric advantage in terms of access to price, right? Prices are on the screens for the most part and trading the same as everyone else. And really, although I think a lot of people base their analysis on this, you know, the analysis that you can have about the company which broadly shares its information is relatively homogenous as well, right? There's very little that you could know about Amazon that I couldn't know if we both were willing to do the right amount  private markets are exactly the opposite, right? And that's actually why I moved from one to the other. I think that after being on the buy side, being in public markets, broadly speaking for 15 or so years, and you've seen how average hedge fund returns have declined, right? In the 80s and 90s when some of the luminaries, you know, we're putting up 30% plus a year, right? Many of those same people have closed down their hedge funds, right? Unable to break even in a market, right? And it's not because they're not as smart as they were 20 years ago, it's because the game has changed the amount of money  looking for a market that was asymmetric, right? I wanted a market where there was imperfect information, where there was imperfect access to information, imperfect access to supply, where there were more unknowables, right? Because if you're on the right side of an asymmetry, you have the chance for true alpha, right? For true outperformance relative to a benchmark. And so I specifically targeted venture, you know, I've been a tourist in it, right? I'm an angel investing with some friends, we even met before I set up bracket, right? And so I was investing in some funds, and some of the  So looking into venture, I looked at venture in private markets and thought, okay, this is an inefficient area with great upside, great innovation, innovation, you know, I'm long human potential in general as a person, I'm an optimist, you know, I feel like disruption of incumbents is a theme which is accelerating, et cetera. And so I was curious about that. And then even within venture, I kind of went at a level lower and thought, what is the most commoditized homogenous area of access within venture? Right, I want to be sure to stay away from that. And my thought at the beginning,  different networks within Northern California in particular, et cetera, have become a lot more commoditized just because there are so many more people doing it. Just as smart, probably just in talented as the people who generated outside returns a decade ago in that space. But from a supply and demand perspective, the returns can only fall relative to history in that area, right? When you have more capital chasing the same amount of outcomes. But I became intrigued by this subsector, this niche within venture.  Right secondary markets in general are larger than the primary market the stock market is secondary market Right the housing market except for new builds is a secondary market bond markets secondary market, right? So as companies stay private longer and there are more people with traffic liquidity on the cap table You know, we think it's the right thing to do because we think those people should have access to that pretty big earned it right by their stock options in those company and we also think that the market will gravitate towards that way and so  where we think that there are dislocated opportunities that can generate outsized returns, right? And given my background and our background, we have a relatively wide aperture in terms of open-mindedness in terms of what that might be, right? If that was in the credit markets, if that was in the equity markets, if that was in subsets of that market, we have experience in sort of all those areas. But one of the things I also learned from my time trading is that it's very easy to be too broad, right? There's a lot of good ideas and there are very good ideas  in your focus, right? And founders know this better than anyone, right? They can be maniacal about the one thing they're doing. And so when we started Bracket, there was a lot of things that we could do, but we decided to only focus on places where we thought the opportunity was 10 out of 10 and where we thought that our skill set was 10 out of 10. And so we started only within private markets and venture, right? And we focus on growth in late stage companies. So that's the growth bucket is anywhere from companies worth sort of 200 million to a billion, broadly speaking.  on the venture side and how that can be put to work within private credit. At a time when, you know, at least a few months ago, the market was at all time highs, correlation was at all time highs, didn't think that was the most opportune time to be spending time in public markets, right? You may get it right or wrong, but you don't have a true competitive advantage. At least we didn't think from our perspective. So we spent no time there. Over time, as volatility picks up, and this is like, you know, one of the themes of Bracket, essentially where we're positioned for volatility.  things might go. And I think broadly speaking, that can all be encapsulated by the fact that over the last decade or so, passive investing, right, indexing through 401k, etc. mutual funds, is really taken over the investment landscape, right? It's actually driven a lot of active managers out of business. Because why say, you know, why pay somebody two and 20, when you can get a lower, almost fee free, you know, kind of structure by a number of mutual funds, right, and outperform the market. And that's because this wave of liquidity that the Fed and global central  in the market, you know, we talk about unknown risks, right? So many of us have our 401ks and our families, et cetera, and these ETFs, these trackers, most people don't even know what's in them, right? They don't know how it's calculated. They don't know how liquid that future that ETF might really be or not be in a time of severe distress. And so we want to allocate our time to active management, right? To more tactical investing with a long-term horizon, but with tactical investing in between. And so,  Right, that there's so many different assets, there's so many different markets, but actually, and I'm cheating because I know you, and we've talked about it before, is you can take very similar frameworks and very similar approaches, and what you're really doing is you're looking for that dislocation, right? And so maybe talk a little bit about, like when you're analyzing either a new asset class or market, like what are the things you're looking at that say, yes, this fits kind of that dislocation type theme, or it doesn't? Like what is that evaluation process look like?  If we're buying from an angel investor who's up 100x on the position, they may value the speed to liquidity a little bit higher than eking out those extra few percent, which may be somebody else's entire strategy they play for. So in the broadest of senses, we're trying to pay fair price and not pay premiums for everything that we're investing in. And you have to be a price taker in most markets, but in things which are kind of over the counter, so to speak, that are not traded on exchanges.  that one person is right or wrong, it might just mean that it's an opaque asset, and people value it a little bit differently. So, you know, we look for price from an asymmetric standpoint. Access is another asymmetric standpoint, right? The great companies within private markets are in high demand, right? And so when you think about the ability to even access that company, if you had the cash and if you had the willingness, you know, a founder generally has earned the right to be choosy, right? A successful founder has earned the right to be choosy,  So you want to market from our perspective where access is not totally egalitarian, right? It's not totally homogenized. And so, and you want to play your strengths, you know, in terms of the ways in which you access, right? Which you were given access to those kinds of things. And then from a timing perspective, this is one of the, you know, perhaps the benefits of being, you know, an outsider, so to speak, you know, to venture and bringing a different lens. You know, there are always benefits and negatives to being  And there's no particular asymmetric advantage there, you know, from our perspective as well. We prefer to be more fluid, right? And I guess this is sort of the traitor in me, you know, in our in our firms DNA is that we like to be able to enter a position when we think that it's reached an inflection point, not just when the company is decided that it's time to raise their series D or their series E, right? And so we do impress, you know, invest in primary round when we think that's the way to do it. And so we do invest in primary round.  But I think that's baseline, right? And above that, you have to think about what else are you doing? And that's the way in which we've decided to approach it. And so what this brings them is if there's not that equal access to information, right? There is an opportunity for the dislocation. There's obviously winners and losers in those markets, right? And access to information is one of the key components. How do you think about gaining information, both  on the hedge fund side, I was sitting behind eight screens for 15 years, almost 24 hours a day, right? Up at night, looking at the Asian markets during the day trading Europe and the US. Here, there's not that constant information flow. And there, as you say, are wide asymmetries. Some people can find that information out with a single phone call, right? Other people may have to find that information out through dozens of reference checks and triangulations. And some investments you have, you have to direct lines.  with respect to private companies as well, right? I mean, these companies are often growing so fast. If you're looking at the right ones that historical analysis is useful, you have to do it, but the future doesn't necessarily look like the past. Whereas if you're in a public company with a three to 5% growth rate, it's been around for 50 years, tomorrow looks pretty similar in most instances to today. And so that kind of historical analysis is more valuable there.  convexity to the downside, when you've seen positive convexity to the upside and you know it's possible, you know, in your bones, as opposed to just on paper, you approach investing, you know, sometimes in a slightly different way as well. Yeah, one of the things I think venture investors obviously understand, but those that don't understand the venture market is in the public markets, we would all do a bunch of speculating, do a lot of research, do a lot of estimations as to, you know, what is the earnings report going to show? Or what are the key metrics going to show at kind of these  pretty much whenever you want or whenever they'll allow you. If you're not an existing investor, obviously you can ask, right? You can kind of triangulate, do things, but there is greater access to information which then can drive investment decisions, which I think gives an advantage, right? But kind of how do you think about that, not only the persistent access, but also the types of information you can get in the private market versus what you can get in the public market? Yeah, yeah, good question. And I think also,  that may or may not be the case as well, right? In the public company, you have those financials with easier access that you have to work a little harder for on the private side. On the private side, you might actually know the management team, right? It's pretty difficult to get stuck on the phone if you want to buy 50 shares of Facebook, something like that, right? Whereas in the private market, it's a little bit different. So I think if you're comfortable with uncertainty, right? If you're comfortable with the fact that you don't know everything, right? Then I think you take a step back and you say, in any market, with any accident,  over time, it will tilt the scales, right? To the balance of the scales in my direction. And then I can have predictable outcomes at a portfolio level over time, right? And so that's also essentially what we're trying to do, right? I think that the idea here is that we have a certain process, both fundamental and qualitative, right? Some of those investments could go better than expected or worse than expected. But I think one of the benefits about coming from the hedge fund side  that you made at seed made money or not, because maybe you made money for the thesis that you thought, but these companies pivot dozens of times along the way, right? And so it's much more difficult to measure yourself. And if you can't measure yourself, then it's hard to adapt, right? And I think one of the things that I feel quite strongly about in terms of the market, especially public markets that really drew me to it was the philosophical side of it, right? And the introspective side of it, and the idea that,  those 10,000 hours, 20,000 hours, 30,000 hours, that I'm very good at this kind of a setup. And actually this kind of a setup over here that I thought that I was good at, right? And that I had conviction in, I've learned over time through the pain of losing money, right? Getting things wrong, that I'm just not great at that, right? And so if you then tend to do more of what works, right? And less of what doesn't, which isn't a given because we're all quite stubborn and you have  have large egos, at least in my experience, that's true of the above average investor, right, making enough money to feel overly confident. But the truly great investors really respect the market, right. And they don't base too much of their decision on a particular outcome. They're really focused on their process, right. And they're focused on refining that process over time. And so, you know, I kind of took that short feedback loop, right, high frequency,  about here. I think that there's two ways to look at this, right? One is, hey, I am in the market and I don't have that feedback loop. But also if you look around the room, nobody else has that feedback loop as well. Right. And so it's almost like, you know, this could be a disadvantage. Or if I understand that everyone's kind of got the same disadvantage, can I actually use this to my advantage, which I think you guys have done very well, right? Yeah, that's right. And I think also one of the things you'll find as well is that there's really no formula for being a good  clearly much more often than you're right, right? And so it's not a good or bad thing, but some people have the stomach to be wrong nine times out of 10, you know, 99 times out of 100 and have that one pay for the rest. Early stage venture is a little bit like that as well, right? There's like the power of all, right? Great fund portfolios are not a lot of, you know, a five X fund is not a lot of moderate exits. You know, it's typically one driver  things in the market is you want to study, you want to study all the external things that you can, but you also really want to keep a close eye on yourself and understand where your own personal strength and weaknesses lie. And then you want to construct an investment strategy, which plays to those strengths and weaknesses, right? If you just hate losing money, if it throws you off all the time, right, then A, investing is a difficult job for you, but B, you should be taking, you know, short stop losses, right? You should be in  trying to bring people who have a different perspective than you, right? Have different strengths, weaknesses, you know, versus yourself. And then, you know, create a portfolio and a platform where, you know, everybody's doing as much of what they're great at as possible and as little of what they're not. Yeah, that home run mentality, I think there's two pieces of this. And so in the venture world, the idea of being a contrarian is so overblown that people hear the word they want to throw up at  if we're wrong, we lose money. What are those areas that you guys believe could potentially fit into that bucket? Yeah, yeah, yeah, great question. So, I spend a lot of time thinking about what's consensus in the market, right? Sometimes we're in a consensus trade, sometimes we're not, right? And not every anti-consensus trade is right, not every consensus trade is wrong, but it's important to be honest with yourself  the risks, right? So if we're just thinking high level, you know, what are some very consensus opinions, right? I mean, one that I believe in, that I think we both believe in right now, is that this money printing machine that central banks and governments are on is problematic and must eventually lead to a debasement of fiat currency versus quote unquote, part assets, right? Be that gold, Bitcoin, or something else, right? That's a very strong view of money.  on our side, perhaps we would size that position to say, if it goes up from here, we're happy, obviously we're in the money, right? But if it goes down from here materially, in a sense, we're also happy, because we've been looking for a chance to buy more, right? And so the risk management, if you can find yourself in a position where psychologically, you're happy if the move in the investment goes with you or against you, right? That's a great position to be in psychologically, it allows you to trade with conference if you're too big, right?  that I think is also perhaps what we don't agree with is that it's very natural to think that the stock market is a reflection of the economy, right? So to say who could say that the economy is stronger in April 2020 than it was on March 24th, for example, right? Who's to say that we're looking at an all time record year in terms of GDP growth and employment, right? We know these things are bad, right?  My Twitter feed which I try and keep relatively bipartisan with respect to politics and the market, right? Just so I can, you know, imbue information from all sides, you know, bears have been angry for the last couple weeks, right? People are mad at the market, right? They feel like it's doing the wrong thing, etc. Right? Now, if I did want to be bearish up here as well, I would be concerned, right, that everything looks like the market should go lower.  opposition to common sense. And so I think that's one of the ways in which we like to measure the fear and greed index. We like to measure it in our own hearts and minds. We like to measure it by a fundamental analysis like put call ratios, short interest, and things like that. And it doesn't drive our decisions per se, but it's the factor, and from my perspective, being someone who's traded tactically for a long time,  pieces again, I'm cheating because I know how you guys treat some of the strategies and investments is you can be contrarian when you put an investment or position on rights when you enter the trade or the investment. I believe something is true that others don't and therefore when they come around to this idea, there's a return to be made. But you also can be contrarian or ahead of the curve on exiting a position as well. And in the public  Yeah, sure. Yeah. So to your point, you know, we do take profit sometimes in positions, right? And, you know, that's natural from our perspective, you know, the hedge funds I worked at had various tight stop losses, so to speak, right? You could be down a very little, you know, very, very small amount of money and lose your job. So you learn a lock in profits to roll your stops on positions, etc. And, and we take that mentality to some degree. Yeah. So one of the things which does make sense is that  market buyers, right? And I think that what's developing within the secondary market, I think this is healthy and I think it is a win-win actually, is that you're starting to see a whole class of investor who previously used to be a public market only investor, right? That might be a public hedge fund, it might be a high net worth individual. And companies used to IPO at a relatively early stage in their life cycle, right? I think Amazon IPO to the sub $500 million valuation, right?  Well, bonds are negative, yielding in many instances now. So that's not a great place to put your money. And public equities now are crystallizing so much of the gains in the private market, from staying private for 10, 12, 15 years, accruing that value to private market investors that by the time they go public, even if they do perform, and obviously some of them do, a lot of that value creation has been eked out of it. Even fantastic private market investments like Uber,  And so, I think there's a win-win on both sides, right? You provide liquidity for early investors to return capital to their LPs, to early employees, to be able to live their life, right? Without kind of being locked into an option which may take 10 or 15 years to realize. You generate good returns for your investors. And then some of those previously public market investors who I now redeem as crossover investors, so to speak, they have an opportunity to enter these companies prior to the IPO, right?  It's the prerogative of private companies not to share all their information with everyone, right? I don't think that will necessarily change. At the same time, I think we're a CEO of a startup, whether it's employee retention, or just wanting to do the right thing, right? You realize that you have to let your employees monetize some of the liquidity along the way, right? It's not fair, I think, for a CEO who always has access to liquidity, right?  because I want to help my mom retire or buy a house in the same zip code as my office. And so, I think that wave, that realization is coming. It came for WeWork employees, it's coming for other employees, even high performing companies who are continually waiting to go public. And that may actually be the right thing to do, perhaps from a company perspective, but I think that boards and CEOs are realizing and will increasingly realize  to bank, you know, every single year you get a cash component of your bonus and you get options, right? Those options vest over time. You have to stay at the company, but when they vest, you're allowed to sell them. You're allowed to sell them in certain prescribed windows, you know, within a certain time period, according to certain appliance regulations. And so I really don't see any reason why multi-billion dollar private companies, right, wouldn't afford their employees that same kind of flexibility. I think it's right that they want to control it to a degree.  And so I think whether the market forces it, right, or whether people get there willingly over time, as you say, I'm not sure exactly what the structure would look like, but you know, a very late stage private company, you know, is a very good company.