 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got you seen here. He is coming to us live, I guess, kind of, from Morocco. So thanks so much for doing this. Thanks for having me. It's an honor to be here. For sure. Let's jump in. How long have you been at ARK Invest and kind of what, you know, for those that don't know, just your investment philosophy in general?  my first few years of college, I definitely knew what I didn't want to do. And I know you had a recent podcast with David Perrell that kind of talks about his break into figuring out what he wanted to do. A lot of what he does overlaps with, but what I kind of broke, how I broke into it. And effectively, I walked into like an info session on my freshman year.  and finance. And so I kind of knew I didn't want to do investment banking consulting, but at the same time kind of wanted to apply both the kind of finance side of things and system engineering side of things to figure out some sort of overlap. My junior year of college, I interned at a venture capital fund and they kind of typically don't really hire first year analysts. So I  realized very, very quickly that this was really a small but growing market that was underestimated. And so I found out that, you know, in a very few things where expertise and experience doesn't matter, I found that crypto was one of those things. And so throughout the remainder of my college, I kind of learned obsessively about kind of Bitcoin and told myself that this is kind of what I want to do full time in the space. I was definitely by no means an expert, but that summer I kind of created  lack of that. In particular, the way that asset management firms kind of set up their research in a way that the compliance is set up to kind of vet that research is very, very limited in terms of how that research can then be used and shared. And so, you know, a combination of that in kind of technological disruption and disruptive innovation more broadly made it such that  So, you know, in the most recent interview, Kathy mentioned that she had this weekly brainstorm session where she and the analysts kind of gather every week to discuss any provocative news, any breakthroughs in research. And so it was actually back in her time at Alliance Bernstein in late 2011, when the first kind of brainstorm session was conducted about Bitcoin. Obviously at the time we were kind of far from any realistic means to gain any  birth of a new asset class at the time when kind of Chris Berniskey, who's now a placeholder, was kind of leading the research there. And so we kind of, we get this question a lot because we were one of the first investors in, quote unquote, GBTC, or we're the first kind of public fund manager to gain exposure to Bitcoin. But we don't actually hold any underlying Bitcoin in our exposure to the kind of crypto opportunity more broadly.  a number of different products or kind of revenue streams, one of them could be Bitcoin, right? So you almost get like indirect exposure to Bitcoin through a business that benefits from Bitcoin as a product or something that they offer. And then combine that with the GBTC, you're really kind of getting exposure in multiple ways. Is that correct? That's exactly right. So there are definitely public companies that offer interesting derivative exposure to crypto. And, you know, Square is actually one of our highest conviction names where Square is primary business model.  not necessarily fit. And so when you kind of look at like a company like Square, there are so many kind of different ways where you can tackle the investment thesis. So obviously the one that a lot of us know is kind of at high level, you have these retail banks that pay between, you know, 350 and $1,500 to acquire new customers. And you contrast that with a company like Square, which has one of the most popular digital wallets in the cash app.  you say that there are, let's say 20 million people in the US who are still unbanked. To put this kind of into perspective, Citibank has 20 million customer accounts in the US today. And what's really interesting to see is when you see the comparison of the FDICs unbanked rates and Google search trends for Squares Cash App, which Max done a lot of work on, there's a very compelling kind of geographic overlap that makes it such that  a debit card that cash app issues. And so when you combine that with an extremely savvy network-based marketing strategy with a clear product roadmap, you basically come to what could be a fully functional digital bank. They've built a robust user-based targeting specific consumer networks. You have extremely sticky P2P payments. And so there's a growing realization that most banks  and Jack are playing and kind of bringing Bitcoin to the masses. And there are a few interesting angles that Square has taken and it's involved in Bitcoin that I think is very unique. I mean, at one level you have, let's say, the cash app providing an easy interface to buy, sell, send Bitcoin. And what's interesting is that the cash app isn't like a Bitcoin first product. And so it's almost like a, oh, by the way,  really sole function is to sponsor Bitcoin developers and further the Bitcoin ecosystem. So kind of forgoing short-term profits for kind of the, to the benefit of Bitcoin. And so having a public company that has to appeal to shareholders that then acknowledges that, you know, ultimately we're long-term investors and Bitcoin success, square success is a really, really interesting  we view view square more broadly. And I think that, you know, it's a very, very interesting, unique way of getting kind of that derivative exposure to the Bitcoin opportunity. For sure. And then maybe talk a little bit about GBTC and kind of the other end of that argument, right? So you get the exposure through public companies that are kind of derivatives of Bitcoin. But then you also go and you get direct exposure, although you guys aren't holding the Bitcoin, you know, GBTC technically is holding it for you. What's the  of those profits are attributed to, let's say, GBTC or any commodity, then anything above that 10% is kind of deemed unqualified income. And that's kind of just the very nature of how the product is set up. So given that we are kind of an SEC registered or RIA, there are only specific products that we can hold in our portfolios. So we can't necessarily just hold like custody  And so there is a, so effectively it trades on the secondary markets. You have to be an accredited investor if you want to go through the trust at Nav. And then you have a, what is now a six month lockup period in which then you can attempt to harvest that premium when it then trades on the secondary markets. And so as an ETF, we kind of buy and sell on the secondary markets. And so have kind of that exposure to the market.  that AHRQ has around Bitcoin and crypto in general? Sure. So I would say that it's definitely evolved over time. I would say that in general, if we kind of take a step back and look at kind of the different philosophies of the crypto space more broadly, you have kind of this two salient distinctions between kind of, basically two camps.  expressive, upgradable, kind of composable base layers with extremely large feature sets in which the network infrastructure priority is kind of around scalability. And so when you take that premise and when you got that premise, you look at Bitcoin as really just this slow, boring, kind of reliable thing that just does something extremely simply. And so isn't, you know, there's an interesting quote from  are really effectively money or kind of money obfuscated by technological jargon, then you realize that the killer app is not necessarily these multi-sided marketplaces that have these bootstrapped mini economies, but are rather, the killer app is really money. And so if the killer app is money, the investor focus should be really around kind of having a network that provides specific assurances to maintaining that monetary  We kind of tend to focus more heavily on kind of the monetary Maxima side where you kind of look at these as as Effectively money and that that money tends to your currencies more broadly tend to be natural monopolies and so this tends to be kind of a winner takes most if not all game and the winner is going to be not one that kind of can diversify on features because Ultimately in the open source world, you know tech the tech side of things I think  as a mechanism by which you can reliably, neutrally, and permissionlessly store and transfer value. Yeah, and I think really what you're talking about here is there's this element of money's a belief system, right? And all the features in the world can be replicated, but if people just don't believe in that actually being the currency of choice or the currency that holds value, the features are relatively unimportant to some degree.  that don't really recognize these as kind of political and social experiments first, but rather as kind of this new gadget or this software that has specific kind of tech implementation details that something like Bitcoin could never provide. So you kind of like think about, if only we could create a more efficient database, if only kind of Bitcoin was faster, if only there was a different monetary policy to Bitcoin.  non-armitrary belief, I think that belief is backed by kind of the specific, again, assurances that that network can provide. So everything from kind of the credibility of monetary policy to the assurance that the asset itself won't be kind of arbitrarily seized or frozen, that the transactions won't be censored, that the value can actually be seamlessly  And it's going to do a few things, but it's going to do a few things extremely reliably. And so that's kind of where I think investors are starting to realize that there is going to be kind of a shift from look at how many features that this network can provide for me versus look at just the few features that it could provide reliably. Yeah, it's super interesting. What are your guys thoughts on Bitcoin's reaction to the liquidity of Bitcoin?  still very far from returning to kind of business as usual. So there's questions definitely that remain as to, you know, when we'll get back on our on the horse. And like, I don't really know what the timetable there is. But I think it's been very interesting to your point to see kind of Bitcoin's response to kind of the recent uncertainty. There's some great work that's been put out by, you know, the coin metrics of the world is a recent piece from the CEO of  asset class, and that creates kind of a rush to liquidity where the comfort of cash basically drives correlations to one. And I say this because I think it's been interesting to see how we've seen this evolution of narratives around Bitcoin during coronavirus, where to your point, there have been these two competing narratives that have now been heavily questioned during this first quarter. The first is, again, Bitcoin as this uncorrelated financial asset. Second is Bitcoin as this kind of safe haven asset.  And post-sell-off, we realized that one of the largest contributors was these Bitcoin liquidations to satisfy margin calls on BitNexes of the world, where you saw BitNex on Black Thursday, had almost a billion dollars in liquidations, which is the most over a 24-hour period in years. And you combine that with the exchange  Bitcoin metrics shows this. Most of the sellers were actually short-term holders. And so if you take a look at Bitcoin's revived supply, which is how many old coins came back into circulation after being untouched for a specific period of time, the vast majority of the activity involved, Bitcoin that had been held for less than a year. And so this kind of suggests that long-term holders really appeared unfazed.  Since 2012, the correlation has been roughly between negative 0.15 to 0.15, which is pretty low correlation. Over this last month, that kind of increased to new all-time highs. And so the question then becomes, does the recent correlation then justify people saying that Bitcoin and the S&P are now suddenly correlated? And the answer, I would say, as many would say, is probably not. And so although you saw these short-term correlations,  a lot of the activity and training activity is driven by speculation. But I mean, we even saw this with gold, right? The correlation between the S&P and gold was also ties since 2013. And so I think that we're going to see some sort of kind of reversion to the mean between Bitcoin and S&P, but that in the short term, there may very well be kind of strong high correlation between the two.  correlation. In fact, at the extremes, they've been negative. And so when we saw Bitcoin and gold's correlation also spike up in March, similar to Bitcoin and S&P and gold and S&P, you know, does that mean that gold also failed as a safe haven asset? And I would say the answer there is also probably not, where you start to realize that although Bitcoin and gold may not act as safe haven assets during kind of the  we could be in the midst of what could be an interesting inflection point, where if we continue to see central banks inject these money into the economy at these rates, then it could act as that safe haven during that particular shock. But really the broader point is that fundamentals haven't changed, that Bitcoin is still working as designed. It's producing roughly a block every 10 minutes. It has an audible and transparent  is a way to quantify how correlated these two assets are. On top of that, I love the example of, well, gold and treasuries and real estate equities and everything sold off. So does that mean that there is no such thing as a safe haven asset then, right? Other than maybe the dollar. And what I think people have to understand is like, we're still in the middle of the crisis. So if you go back to 2008, 2009, when gold sold off 29% over the summer of 08, what is everyone doing?  for better or for worse, right? Because you're just going to get more data and that has a high probability of actually changing your mind or what your assumptions or conclusions are. I mean, I think you bring up an excellent, even broader point where even on a return basis, so many people like to look at specific timeframes and cherry pick specific returns. And in Bitcoin in particular, we see this so often, but it's like, you know, if you are a long-term investor and I think that, you know, especially with these things,  one immediate reaction and they think that, you know, everything prior to that is now needs to be completely dismissed. And this is our new reality. So just different, different kind of a perspective on time periods as well. For sure. You guys have done a bunch of work on Bitcoin mining and done a bunch of research there. Maybe talk a little bit about the work you guys have done and some of the conclusions that you guys have come to based on that research. Sure. So we we've done a lot of work on Bitcoin.  where looking at each kind of layer of the supply chain and realizing kind of where competitive advantages exist, where they are kind of increasingly becoming less relevant, and then coming up with some sort of interesting overarching conclusion that kind of Bitcoin mining is here to stay, but that it is increasingly going to become kind of commoditized or going to replicate returns, very similar to what we kind of see in the commodities industry, where today  attractive for let's say risk neutral or someone more conservative who wants to kind of replicate a traditional or typical kind of cash flow business that offers kind of low and consistent returns. And so when you get like a more mature derivatives market and when you get kind of more predictability on hardware and the economics, you start to unlock, I would say pools of capital that today would be kind of less interested in  analyst, Sam, we asked kind of what do the economics of mining look like for, let's say a natural gas peaker plant or to mine Bitcoin with its excess capacity. So kind of to take a step back and provide context, this area of research was initially triggered from an article that was published on Bloomberg last month in early March where you had news of a natural gas peaker plant  economics of basically pairing Bitcoin mining with a low utilization power plant would yield. So peaker plants, they're typically only operate on the hottest and coldest days of the year when there's peak demand for energy, hence their name, peaker plant. And so as a result, the capacity utilization of an average peaker plant ends up being about 10%. So another way to think  If instead of just turning off or shutting down the peaker plant on days where there is no demand, you mine Bitcoin instead. Like what would the economics look like there? And so we kind of built out a model that baked into a bunch of assumptions where you can basically at a high level divide the analysis into two, you look at what the return on capital of a peaker plant would look like without mining Bitcoin.  return on investment capital across industries and is actually higher on the higher end for a utilities project. And then on the mining side, you basically have assumptions that are threefold. You have an assumption on kind of your mining operations on mining hardware and on the Bitcoin network itself. So if you assume you have the most cost efficient hardware, that hardware has like a depreciation, depreciates roughly every four years.  Obviously there are assumptions with Bitcoin's price and growth and hash rate, but really this is a really interesting way that investors could or plant operators started exploring as providing additional uncorrelated sources of revenue. Where in the case of the Peeker plant, the result is not just increased returns from mining Bitcoin, but you also get a more profitable core business from these lower cost of capital.  effects of the Bitcoin network that have spawned entire industries that we today like can only can only recognize in hindsight and I think that increasingly we're going to start to see these innovative ways of figuring out kind of how to Continue to kind of support the Bitcoin network while also kind of adding sources of revenue and profitability in other areas that don't have direct  who say, wait a second, if I take these goods and I sell them into a market where the price is literally falling off a cliff, today we're seeing $10 or so for a barrel of oil, which sounds insane, like there might be better uses of my power, right? And that's not obviously everyone in the energy production world, but definitely that goes into some of the equation as well, I would think, right? Absolutely. I mean, this is really just only one application of how to kind of  that's consuming without recognizing that there are some very unique innovative pockets of energy that otherwise would have been dumped and sometimes dumped at a loss that can now be used to convert electricity into a hard monetary asset. And so that combined with, I think even institutions are starting to realize that as well.  kind of a lot of, let's say, oil traders who actually have exposure to the underlying kind of rigs to offset the volatility exposure, you're likely going to see that with something like Bitcoin, where you want kind of exposure to every layer of the stack to create much more consistent and reliable kind of returns on capital. And I think really this is only the beginning stages of that.  very interesting. There is a huge debate on this about its impact on Bitcoin's price. You broadly have two camps that have formed. You have one that believes that the halving is already pressed in, citing efficient market hypothesis, and then you have the other camp that expects the halvening to plant the seed for what is  whether that's a coincidence or whether that's a law that is baked into nature, you get it back and forth. I think that I personally kind of, there are a few things that I know will likely happen for sure. One, I think we're definitely going to see kind of minor led selling pressure, where unless you do see kind of a Bitcoin doubling, prices will,  counter to that is like if you assume kind of constant demand and all else equal, then assuming that you have a cut in your supply, then you effectively have kind of half the supply now needs to be absorbed by the market versus prior to the halving. And so the remainder is kind of bled into the circulating supply. And so that's kind of like at the very  as a retail investor, as someone who's just learning about this, seeing kind of this shelling point that everyone points to where it's like, wow, I'm actually increasingly realize that this is a kind of a strictly scarce asset and that at the end of the day, its inflation is zero, right? Like there is a predefined kind of 21 million Bitcoin and over time, you kind of just get Bitcoin just unlocking and there's a debate. Is Bitcoin created or is it discovered?  But in general, I think that it will be a positive event. I am still hesitant to say that the halving is going to create a bull run like we've seen historically. But again, only time will tell there. Yeah, it's gonna be really interesting too, I think, because when you start to evaluate the halving, I always say that one has to happen, right? So a lot of people, I think, just assume, hey, it's gonna happen, but we have to see that actually happen.  what percentage, like how big is that delta between the informed and the uninformed? And there's no right answer, right? It's more of just kind of speculation. And in hindsight, we'll be able to say, oh, it was either priced in or not. It just seems structurally, it's really hard to make that argument that it is priced in if 100% of people don't understand it, right? That's a great point. I guess I would say that what's interesting, and I go back and forth on this, is that  further Bitcoin created, I think is secondary to actually understanding that Bitcoin is strictly scarce. And so I would say that that's where like the pushback comes where, you know, it doesn't necessarily matter that there's a halving. What is priced in is Bitcoin scarcity. And in fact, since day one, Bitcoin's inflation is actually zero. But again, I go back and forth because there's also like kind of this reflexive property  oh yeah, you were telling me that this thing is scarce. How do I buy Bitcoin and how do I learn about this stuff? And so that's like, who knows? That might be indication that actually having is not priced in because although someone understands or recognizes subconsciously that Bitcoin is scarce, they don't really understand that there are these kind of specific events in which the scarcity is only reinforced.  Maybe talk a little bit about how you guys have thought about Libra and then some of those recent updates to their plans and kind of has that changed your mind positively or negatively? Sure. So to your point, Facebook, I think last week they unveiled kind of a host of new changes to Libra. It was actually set to launch this quarter, but obviously kind of given all the resources that they needed to do.  operations of the system and the administration of the Libra Reserve. And so immediately you had Libra that was met with extremely intense backlash from these regulators that accused Libra of being a massive threat to monetary sovereignty of governments. So for one, I'll say an aside, I think that when we saw that, I think that was like really interesting to see kind of the regulators response to this.  Bitcoin is for VCs to have some sort of a mechanism to pump and dump.