 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Alexis here. Basically the president of the internet, I think, based on what some folks were never elected. I was never elected. They're teasing me because of a Forbes article from way back where they said mayor of the internet. Mayor has better be the president. Not president, just just a humble mayor of the internet. I love it. I love it. Let's let's just  I went to the Waffle House on Route 29 in Charlottesville, Virginia, was sitting there eating my waffles instead of taking the LSAT, and I realized I should probably not be a lawyer. And with that, realized I needed to do something and started kicking around some ideas I'd had for starting a company and convinced my roommate to quit his job in order to come work with me for some indefinite period of time, working on some ill-defined thing without any sources of real revenue.  And he said, sure. And he met us for coffee, pitched him on this idea. It was a way to order food from your phone. It was 2005. But the whole idea is you could skip the line, but you don't have a smartphone in 2005. You just had text messaging. It was a lot of ugly hacks. But he saw enough potential to then launch Y Combinator, encouraged us to apply. We got rejected, which sucked because we just had a great conversation with him. But then the next morning he called back and I was like, hello? And he's like, look, we still don't like your idea.  And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like, I'm gonna do it. And I was like  And he was like, what do you think about this? And we were like, oh, that's kind of interesting. Like maybe there's a there there. We know opening, starting your day with a bunch of tabs wasn't the right move. And there could not be a front page for the internet in the way that there was a front page of say the New York Times. And that was something I give credit to Paul for phrasing. He was like, that's it. He could not be a front page for the internet. And he was like, oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry  I was like, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it.  Uh, 10 minutes. I love it. Uh, mostly we don't know this. I don't even think you know this. Uh, we are actually, uh, small investors, but investors through an SPV in, uh, in Reddit, um, when you guys did the, uh, the turnaround, uh, round. Oh, great. The first outside of gray. Oh, good on you, man. Big, uh, big fan. Um, but in terms of when you, uh, the Conde Nast and when you guys sold the company the first time, uh, I think this is like a classic situation where founders are like, holy shit, I built this thing.  in April, because my birthday is in April, I was in touch with the head of BD, Business Development for Khan and Ass, this guy, Karosh Karamkani, who had reached out because we had a mutual friend who said, hey, you should check out this Reddit thing. And he was making overtures about potentially working together and acquisition. And at the time, we just weren't, we weren't making any progress, shipping new features. The site was just still growing kind of miraculously.  And so we didn't have much money, but it was fine. Our burn rate was super low. And, and we were not doing any of the right things to actually grow a business. And here was this offer. Our investor explicitly was like, Alexis, go try to get, get anything you can. Um, I was actually able to reach out to, and eventually we worked over the next couple of days. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money. And then we had a lot of money.  The ones who ultimately did the deal kind of asked, like they saw the potential even when we, the founders who were closest to it didn't. And, you know, kudos. I mean, I'm grateful that I got a second chance. And a lot of founders who sell early don't get that. So I know I can, I'm very, very grateful for that. But this is exactly the kind of thing we want to help founders with during these early days that we just didn't get when Gary and I were starting. Yeah. At some point, did you have almost like sellers from other companies?  And then on that point, I just thought, you know what, like all things considered, this site keeps growing and it's probably worth more today than it was back then. And then it really clicked by like 2012 where I was like, oh my God, this thing is still growing and like nothing has changed. Like there's no business, especially in tech that should be able to get away with not evolving.  Oh, geez, wow, that we really messed this up. But my rational, that rational brain usually gets drowned out by the, I guess it's the more rational or the more stoic part of my brain, which is like, look, everything you've had from this point of selling it happened because you sold it then. And so look at all the amazing doors that open to you. Look at all the amazing things that happened to you. And yeah, it'd be a different timeline, but  applied to Y Combinator in 2008 or 2009. He was applying with his company, Postress, which was, so back then it was a marvel, because you didn't really have smart phones. I don't think that, or you were just starting to. And so you had phones with these really good cameras on them, but it was a pain in the butt to get the photos off. And, or there was no app store. That's what it was. Yes. So there's no app store really developed yet, no ecosystem for that. And it was just coming on.  And I ultimately, I could have been a partner sooner at YC and Paul and Jessica very graciously offered, but I think you'll appreciate this. I said I didn't wanna leave New York and I just didn't wanna be in the Bay Area for that extended period of time. Now here I am in Florida, so I still, I got pulled out of the city, but my heart is still very much East Coast at least. And I spent time working alongside Gary and a bunch of the other partners  because it is rare, which already makes it valuable, but also because it attracts the right kind of founders. And it's provided us this amazing orbit of just high quality, just great individuals that we get to help build companies with. Yeah. When you guys decided that you were going to go and start initializing and kind of invest together outside of YC, what was that conversation like? Did one of you kind of propose to the other one or like asking out on our first date or what was that like?  And we were like, huh? And it was like, yeah, like you can write pretty small checks, no offense, because you know, you sold so early. But like, if you take other people's money, you can write bigger checks and start to have even more of an impact helping these companies and maybe even build something greater than just you all angel investing. And then I don't know, we must have been having drinks one night or something and it came up.  I didn't start until then. Yeah. I always love the, uh, that switch or that decision to go from, Hey, I took like my friend's money to the institutions, a whole different ball game. And, uh, I think that there's a lot of fun managers that don't build the software. They don't build the systems. And then they're like, wait a minute, you want to report like every quarter and you want like to know how much money you have with us? Like, Oh, that's it gets real. Yeah. And, and I, I feel like we have such an inherent advantage just because as founders, we are.  where it's like, tell us to invest. It's like, remember all these things. It's like manage the deal flow, generate the reports. Like this is tedious work that humans suck at, that humans shouldn't be doing. And if a partner wastes a minute of her day doing, like that's a minute that's not helping the firm actually make money. And that's, that's what we want software doing. Yeah, makes a ton of sense. What, what makes kind of the partnership work? I think a lot of people realize like you, Gary, some of the other partners, like you guys are very supportive of each other, both publicly  and relationships, something we try to prioritize and really speak and live those truths ourselves, I mean, as well as physically too. That maintenance, mentally and physically is so important. And a big part of that isn't just personal, it's also interpersonal. And it takes work, just like any relationship takes work, whether it's romantic or professional, like that, it's an investment. We have two on two sessions, Gary and I do with our coaches regularly, at least quarterly.  But the next level of that in questioning is actually looking for where or how much the Venn diagram overlaps when it comes to things like values and worldview. And that is a thing where I've had founder relationships, I've been very close to a lot of founder relationships and portfolio companies where you see that breakdown on the long term values and that starts to, I think that is the  We don't think that someone else's success means less success for us. We don't have that zero sum mentality. We try to espouse that within the partnership. I think the people we've been able to attract who want to be here have that. And we've tried to orient the org toward not a bunch of lone wolves, which is the standard VC idea, but actually a wolf pack because that's how wolves are supposed to be anyway. But really using software to be a means for us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be  I think that begins with a plus some mindset of like, we're all economically linked within the firm, but more broadly, like we need to be looking at every opportunity as something where we can grow and learn from and have an addition to that, this kind of growth mindset. And then also know that we are more effective as a team than any one of us, even Gary or I could be alone.  Like this is not, like some reporters email address is not sacred. Like, no, like why are you hoarding this as if it's like you're precious? Like, no, no, like we're better off the more they get shared. Yeah. And I think a lot of this is a philosophy, right? In terms of like, literally, you go into organizations and I've seen it, especially the older organizations and the people are just, their philosophy is I have my Fife dome and you're not in it. And therefore if I let you in, then I would lose and you're going to win or you're going to take my business.  And so a lot of this, I mean, we actually have an internal leaderboard, which tracks, very competitive, which tracks folio notes across the different items. And I make it, it's my personal goal to always be number one there. And Gary and I are always fighting it out. But I want to demonstrate to the org that like, we expect to be using this thing as much or more than  I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to be able to do that. I think it's a good idea to  We would rather find people who are expert. So like Brett, right? Has founding experience, has massive technical experience, just personally fascinated with and pretty deep on all things crypto. Did not have a background of early stage investing, maybe a couple angel investments when he joined us a few years ago. But like that's the part that we can train up. Like that's the part where you just got to get your reps in. You be in enough deals meetings, you see enough of this stuff, you start to see the trends that you're seeing.  And I just like having, I, we're still early in it, but having this system mentality and being able to get all the benefits of software, which is the structured data that I mean, we have, you can find notes from the data that we're using. And I think that's, that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question. And I think that's a really good question.  Yeah, no, I look and and more importantly it's transferable knowledge like I if So I don't want to ever have to remember that I just had actually I don't want to ever have to remember that we had this interview like I do I don't I don't want to purge it from my brain, but I I shouldn't need to remember it it will live in structured data in software that will forever be searchable so that some intern in two years  to a broader network than anyone can search into. Well, not anyone, but anyone in our trust group, in our company can search. What else? You guys are capitalists. Why not license it to either of their firms or go build a whole business out of it? We've been asked that. We have been asked that, mostly by LPs. I don't know how, I mean, competitive firms probably wouldn't, I wish they could come and come ask, it's okay.  And so, I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing to do. I think that's a great thing  We didn't execute on that. And I think part of it was just not wanting to miss, right? Higher concentration just inevitably means you're gonna have to be right more, because you're gonna get fewer chances. But I wish I had that confidence at the start of it, or at least more confidence in that regard, because we would have targeted more ownership earlier. But the good news is we've increased that with every fund and we're in a better place.  us to that, do all the dilution that we wanted to, or was it the conversations with the founders? Uh, it was both. We had an inkling over time as founders would report back like, Hey, you know, this is more helpful than our lead investors. And then a few years out, we're like, well, wait, okay, the founders are telling us that we're doing the work and providing, you know, providing value. Uh, but we're actually doing the work and, uh, and we're not getting rewarded for it, but we could be. And why not solve that problem? So we, we solve that problem, but that was, um,  I almost feel a little bad. And so I'm going to the story is actually not that great. But the macro story is one or actually feel a little sympathetic, which is these professionals like I mean, just default assume they're smart, competent, hardworking people. They have to look at it and evaluate so many different asset classes. And tech venture is still such a small part. Like, I mean, globally in terms of dollars, like we're nothing, right?  And so I just, I think the times when I, when we walked out of those meetings, just shaking our heads, it was usually because those investors just didn't know what real was. And maybe they just didn't appreciate co-founding and, you know, turning around Reddit. Maybe they just didn't appreciate our track record of early stage investing. Maybe they just didn't get why, I mean, we were fair, I think we're still in the right place.  So, I mean, come on. But they were, I think they were new to the asset class. One of the things somewhere along the way there we learned was to ask early, even before the intro, like what's your experience with venture investing? What's your experience with early stage venture investing in particular? Because you can run into some folks nuts. I mean, these days less so, but certainly in, was it 11 or 12 when we were a few years old?  I always laugh because every time that Polina does anything on the internet and I'm around everyone they say shit about her and I'm like, wait a minute, like she's the star, right? And I feel like you, so when I saw the questions on Twitter, one of them was people were basically asking you got to tell the story about wearing the dare shirt to the tennis match. Because that's probably, that's an all time move.  question is what was it like going to the Royal wedding and talk about the socks? Wow, y'all are going in today. All right. I was a history major, right? So I just loved, I especially love the fact that I felt like I was a part of history in this very historical setting. I was grateful to be there, had a great time. War, US flag socks that I made  I love it. And last, last Serena question is, uh, you are married to a probably one of, if not the greatest athlete of all time. You can move that probably nonsense. Have you ever beat her at anything athletic, like racing to the car, jumping jacks, tennis, anything? No, never tennis. Come on, be realistic. I've never, I've literally never played tennis in my life. So it's actually very, very fortuitous. I've never played tennis in my life.  And I think that's the only other in terms of mental and physical extreme because you're alone. You are alone out there and the physical exertion and the more pulling the mental exertion on top of that that that separates the grades from everyone else is just next level. But I've never played it. Never gonna play it. I'm actually if Olympia if I promised Olympia if she's into it then I can be a really good like baby instructor until she gets like actually capable.  who could hit it the farthest out of the park. And I feel like that's kind of like if you don't grow up with the skill of learning tennis, that's pretty much what everyone else does. Just hit it as hard as you can and just hope it goes somewhere near where it's supposed to. Yeah, no, that's the realness. And so definitely I would never try to play tennis against her. I have some advantages based on one, my height and my size as well as  Seriously what anyway. But yeah she's she's not not good at all at basketball. So like there are things if we're playing a game of Horsey I'd wash her or one on one. But like this is not it's not fair because you would not take I don't know you would not put a formula the best formula on race car on a demolition derby track and expect it to do well and like. So yeah. So there are some things where I and it's actually it's especially nice because  She's still her baking's actually gotten really good recently if you've seen the cinema updates like she's still terrible at shooting a free throw and Those things actually make all the other stuff even more exceptional and it's also a good reminder that like all of us are are with our flaws and But nonetheless, I mean, yeah, she's the goat so I don't hear any this. I don't hear this this one of I Will I will defend that one of my day. I love it. I love it  to do so in the wake of this. And, excuse me, it's not a, I think it is, that is one industry that I think is gonna be very good for business as well as for society. Because what people are realizing is that at a minimum, they can get great, they can get a great form of healthcare on demand for nothing, thanks to this technology.  And I was like, all right, well, if enough people on Reddit are engaged and interested in talking about it, there's at least this early adopter signal, which is powerful, especially for something as technological as cryptocurrency. And we basically, and I remember there's an email exchange where we were like, oh, this valuation's a little steep. But thankfully, we were just like, it doesn't matter. If this is right, this will create such a new economy and they will be  like every month. And Brian was like, yeah, this is my problem. And Gary was like, that is a good problem to have, we can help. And so we gave them a round of funding to help sort of bridge them to the Series A, which I think USV ended up doing. And, you know, that that investment alone was incredibly valuable for the firm, even more so than the initial check, because we basically doubled down when we saw that there was real, real demand here. And, you know, it's done well for us. And so we've been thoughtful  Well, I guess technically atomic loans is the most recent, which we did together, which like is an economy of lending that just couldn't even have been conceived of some five years ago. And what's exciting now is that there are enough sort of incumbents in the space, especially on the mining side with Bitcoin, that like there's clear economic need here and lets you software to fill it. And so we're still, I don't know when it's time  I don't know if this is correct but I literally walk around now whenever I see a headline and I just go. Oh that makes more sense than my burr like it's cold. I don't know if it's right but I just for whatever reason decided that's what I'm going to say. No that well I because I don't know what a money I realize I don't know what a money printing machine actually sounds like but it probably sounds like that one. But I can't do that. The dexterity of that one. I don't know if it's right.  Yeah. I'm a crank up the AC in here. All right. Oh poor baby. You're running hot. All right. I've got some serious feedback though for Gary Tannen. We talked about the setup. I don't know how he keeps it. He probably he probably has a nice temperature in his home. Got that 90 degrees south Florida weather and I was trying to keep OK. How bad is this background noise. Now the AC is gone. Oh.  can help but feel like this will just further expedite the growth and acceptance of cryptocurrency broadly, but especially Bitcoin. And the trick is, is it now too much of a just kind of investment or has the infrastructure not been built yet to make it really seamless to spend, spend, spend it as easily as like USD? But I'm still like, we're still making investments on the infrastructure side. We just announced Brett was the lead partner on the Series A for Horizon.  If we were in World of Warcraft going on eBay to buy or sell characters or actually buy gold