 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a special treat for you. I have Jim here with us. So I appreciate you taking the time to do this. Thank you. Thanks for having me. For sure. Let's just jump right into your background. Maybe you can give us a quick overview of what you did in the past and then the business you've been running for the last 20 years or so. All right. Well, in the beginning, there was light. And I graduated from Marquette University in 1984.  of 98. So I've just had my 22nd anniversary as an independent research firm, Bianco Research. We put out a lot of research on the macro space, politics, demographics, that kind of stuff. It's more suited for fixed income people, but not exclusively fixed income people. We have a number of equity types and a number of other types that like to hear what we talk about. So we cover a lot of different things as well too. I live in Lincoln Park. I can walk  research that you've put out recently. Yeah, so we are undergoing the most significant event of this generation right now. The virus came upon us without anybody knowing about it. It's going to have, I think, long lasting an impact. The wishful thinking on Wall Street is we're just going to sit here and talk to each other and zoom for a little while and then it's going to go away. And it's all going to be January 2020 again once we go back.  because I don't think that it's going to be different. And it's not going to be like it was in January. It might be better in some respects, and it could be worse in other respects. But I think a better description of it would be different. Elaborate on that a little bit, right? This idea that it could actually be better in some cases, but worse in others. Maybe give us a couple of examples of each one of how you're thinking about that. Yeah, I think better is that there's going to be more efficiencies when it comes to work at home. And it's going to be with, you know,  and you turn on zoom and you don't come in and cough on me or I don't come in and cough on you and get everybody sick. If your kid is sick they stay at home and maybe their classroom now that they've learned how to do it is being streamed and that in the future we're going to you know where early on in the virus we talked about 30,000 people die a year because of the flu maybe that number goes down a lot because we wash our hands and we stay away from each other when we're sick and that subsequent flu seasons are a lot less  of the wealth manager that fear of missing out, there is no alternative FOMO, AITMA that I think might fall off the wayside for a while as well too. And so that kind of aggressiveness that helped get us to the S&P 3400 level and the belief that we were going much further than that, that may take a while to return before we were ready to engage or embrace that one more time. Yeah, and then maybe comment a little bit. I know you've done a lot of work  when you have that type of level of unemployment. Now that I've said that, there is a real fear that what the Fed is going to do is going to have consequences on the backside. All that stimulus. In other words, taking 22 million people that are unemployed, handing them money and saying, go out and spend some of this. Yet all those businesses that they were associated with are not producing stuff, but we've got the money.  your job. I'm really sorry. Good luck. That you know you're stuck in a bad position. And finally, if you will, the government forced everybody to go Austria to here on you. The government forced everybody to close their business. They didn't do anything. And then, you know, the police came in and said you have to close their own compensation. And maybe this is the level of or the type of compensation that they're owed. Either these loans that will be forgiven in the future or this unemployment benefits, the extra 600  it comes with a potential consequence further down the line. So it isn't just all good and no bad. There might be a problem associated with it later on. And I think it was Jerome Powell pretty explicitly said like, look, I'm not worried about inflation at the moment, right? It's kind of like, let it let us solve the problem at hand. And then maybe that comes later, but we'll deal with it at that point. I do think that part of the critique of the Fed has been, it doesn't matter how much liquidity they pump into the market. It seems like it's not enough, right? This is such a deflationary  And so it's something that can be controlled, it's something to pay attention to, but it's not necessarily something to kind of ring the alarm about, or is this more of let's pound the table and actually be worried about some level of like hyperinflation or something like that? Well, let's put this in perspective. I think that in some levels what we're doing is MMT version one point of all, you know, modern monetary theory. And modern monetary theory always has had the idea that you could borrow a lot higher levels of money because there's you until you produce  becomes, okay, the Fed has had, let me give you an example. The Fed has had this 2% inflation targeted core PC since 2012. One month it's been above that number in seven or eight years, one month it's been above that. It's always been below it. So now that the Fed gets above it for three or four months in a row, okay, finally got some inflation. At least we got that number up. What do they do about it? Do they start mumbling average inflation target? We don't need to do anything, let it run high for a little while.  And obviously the quantitative easing is one part of the Fed's actions. I know that you've talked a little bit about kind of the nationalization of markets and industries, et cetera. Maybe share kind of your thoughts there. Yeah. You know, a lot of people that follow the Fed would say to me, look, they're buying commercial paper, both from the issuers in the market. They're buying corporate bonds, both from the issuers in the secondary market. They're buying ETFs. How can the Fed do that? And the answer is they can't.  The Fed is, that's what the treasury is. The treasury is buying commercial paper. The treasury is buying corporate bonds. The treasury is buying ETS. That's the federal government. The Fed is providing the financing. The Fed can finance anything or borrow against anything that has the full faith and credit of the United States government. Well, a special purpose vehicle funded by the treasury satisfies that. So that's how they're doing that. It's the treasury.  Trump for a year and a half has been blasting the Fed. Where's my negative interest rates? Why aren't you printing money? If you had done all of that, we'd have to dial 10,000 points higher. Well, the treasury, the Fed just handed over the printing press to Donald Trump. Now, he's not going to abuse it now. Everybody's on the same page. They got to get these programs up and running. And they got to do something about those unemployed. But I heard Rich Clarida today say, oh, when the time comes, we, the Fed,  that's buying this. And that means that the political apparatus has a say in monetary policy, that independence is not there. Another argument for future inflation as well too. Yeah, and we've obviously seen this in kind of the dictator playbook, right? A lot of third world countries where somebody gets in charge, they basically get all the assets and they say start printing and it hurts the bottom 50 to 75% of the population,  they should be thinking about ending these programs? Well, I think the way that you keep in mind, we did a version of this not as big in 2008. But the big difference in 2008 was this was all new. No one really understood what was going on with a lot of these programs. A lot of them were the same programs, you know, the commercial paper funding facilities, exactly the same program. And so we didn't really know it. And we said at the time, Ben Bernanke, it's your baby, man.  never tell the Fed what to do. Trump is fully ready to become Federal Reserve Chairman right now and tell them exactly what they should be doing. And so that's going to be the big problem. I think that if you know the way you should pull back the programs is the way that Bernanke did it is that we're going to do this for the minimum amount of time just to get everything, get its sea legs and then get out. But I have a feeling that we're not. We're going to have to be pushed further and further. And the only thing  is the 2009 argument. Oh, we'll do these programs for a while and then the economy will recover and it will go and then we can exit. No one will care because the economy is taking off. That was the QE argument from 2009. We're going to QE like crazy and then the economy will take off and then when we exit, no one will notice. It's 2020 and he never left. They did it for 13 years. They tried to QE in 2013 and we had a temper tantrum.  that way. And I doubt it'll work out this time as well, too. Yeah, I always kind of explain this as a crack addict, right? It's like, hey, it's like a crack addict saying to you, I just one more hit, just one more hit, right? I promise I won't do it again after this. But once the economy gets addicted to the stimulus, and, you know, I would actually argue you can't get off of it, right? It's impossible for them to leave. Because literally, you're now dependent on that stimulus in order to keep going. And I guess really what this brings, then is, as you get this merger between the Federal Reserve  to a agreement or some sort of conclusion to that type of disagreement between the Federal Reserve that's supposed to have the independence and then this organization that now obviously wants control but isn't necessarily supposed to have that control. Right. Keep in mind now that when I say that they've merged, they haven't merged everything. So the Fed is doing more traditional QE where they're buying Treasury securities and agency securities. They have domain over that.  October and they start making noise about pulling back and Trump says, I got to get elected in four weeks. You know, you're not pulling back now. You know, and so then they start going into that negotiation. And then I guess it really becomes a question of how how insistent is the Fed going to be about pulling back? Would they would they end their traditional QE? Well, we're not going to buy any more treasuries then. Or maybe we'll talk about raising rates. Now, I doubt they're going to do any of that because  Like I said, right now there's no problem because all the treasury comes, the Fed comes to the treasury and says, we got to do more. Donald, do you think we should do more? Yes. Yes. Yeah. I don't even care what the details are. Just do it. Do more of it. And he was tweeting that he literally was tweeting it, you know, 12 months ago. Exactly. Exactly. So there's no, there's no disagreement. Now the disagreement comes on the other side when it's Donald, we got to do less. And I might add somebody said, well, what if Biden becomes president?  BlackRock has been saying the same thing. Everybody has been cheering what the Fed is doing. Now, you know, Biden comes in and Biden then is asked the question, who do you what do you think? And, you know, and you know, he turns to Glenn Hutchins or Roger Altman or all of his Democratic money bags. You guys think we fetch it and and those guys are going to look and go, man, I'm making a ton of money off of buying paper and selling it to the Fed at a premium.  from it, right? They understand, get into the assets, the asset prices are gonna go up, this is gonna be fantastic, we're all gonna get rich, and they're counting on the bottom 50 plus percent, not understanding how money works, not understanding how quantitative easing kind of eats away at the cash value, and ultimately those are the people who end up losing. And so I guess really this brings a question then of how far can the Fed go, right? So you've got kind of on an amount standpoint, and then you also have, do we start to see them go into buying stocks? Do they buy indexes?  lost its investment grade status after March 22nd. So March 25th, Ford got downgraded to junk. They're eligible for the Fed to buy. March 20th, Occidental Petroleum got downgraded to junk. Sorry, Oxy. You're not going to be bought by the Fed. And so that's kind of where they've drawn that line. And they're not buying equities. Why are they hesitant to go there? I think there's a simple reason. When you start owning high yield, there's a very good chance that you're going to be involved in restructuring.  And then it's proxy voting season. You could see AOC on the floor of the house going, I think I should help you guys decide which directors that these companies should be voting in. And that's why they don't want to go there. So ETFs, yes. Sure, you could be involved in the ownership of the fund management company that manages ETFs. Nobody cares about that. But could they bleed into buying spiders? Sure, they could bleed into that. But I think it would be a big  I think more the question becomes, would that work? Because ultimately, you got to ask the question of, Eric Peters, one river asset management wrote over the weekend, if the Fed eliminated all their programs, the stock market would probably fall 50%, 50% off its high, it's down about a quarter, so it would go back to the end of the year. And I think that's a good question. And I think that's a good question.  do it for a while because they've got a lot of money with an infinite printing press. But ultimately, whatever we perceive is fair value. And if that is lower, that weight will eventually come down on the market and push it back down one more time. So yeah, they could keep going and they could keep trying. But if the market's at the wrong level, even an infinite printing press cannot keep it there forever. For a while, yes, but not forever. Yeah, it almost feels like a lot of the stock market movements right now are pure speculation based on Fed  of the dislocation between the speculation in the markets versus the reality that a lot of these companies, and I was talking to a buddy who's an accountant, been doing it for a long time, and he literally said to me this morning, he goes, I haven't seen this level of financial carnage that I've seen in the last three weeks ever in my career, right? He usually is dealing with kind of smaller medium-sized businesses, nothing kind of corporate or public companies. And so if that's what's happening on the kind of everyday main street, you gotta imagine  $100 bills enough that maybe I'll change my behavior. And that's exactly what they're betting on. That that's going to happen. It might work at a strip club, but I'm not sure it works for the entire market in general as well, too. And so that's what's really pushing it. As far as the carnage goes, you're right. Peter Bookfarb mentioned you got to watch the balance sheets. And I think he's exactly right for the following reason. If your company reports a 70% loss of revenue, you are taking a giant loss and you are  to  position is really people are going to the government because they think the government's the idiot in the room, right? The United Airlines or whoever it is, there's a market to be made in both debt and equity. It's just not at a price that the executives want. So they run to the government and hope that the government will give them better terms or more advantageous terms. But you are now starting to see some of these companies like today, the airlines were announced that they're in conversation with Visa, MasterCard, etc., about potentially doing a bulk sale of reward points, right? How do they get cash in the door, even if it's  because everybody knows the government's going to bail out these companies and then the government's going to make tons and tons of money off of every single bailout. So we need to argue about the terms of the warrants, the terms of the greed. And because the last bailout we did worked out well for some of the warrants as well. That doesn't mean that every one of these is going to work this out as well. So I have a feeling that while they're negotiating how much money they think they're going to make off of warrants of these bailouts, they're going to wind up realizing that maybe they don't make nearly as  in the financing. Yeah, well, it's the difference between price takers and price makers, right? And there's some on either side of that. You've previously said that we're kind of been like a Bear Stearns moment, but maybe not the Lehman moment. Talk a little bit about kind of how, what you mean by that, first of all, and then second of all, like what does that mean in terms of moving forward out of where we are today? So let me talk about it as a technical analyst. One of the things I should have mentioned at the top is I am a chartered market technician. I was in the second class.  in the market in March of 08 and then we bailed out Bear Stearns and by May of 08 we did a 50% retracement. That's it. It's over. We bailed out Bear Stearns. The market's recovered half of what it needs to recover. It's done. There's no more crisis. And the second quarter GDP numbers were originally reported as positive one and a half percent. See proof it's all over. They got revised to minus something or another. And then we had the Lehman moment in the fall. And that's where I  in mid-March of 09. Everybody's first reaction to that was not it's a buying opportunity, but this is like a cruel joke. It can't be going up. There's so many problems and stuff. And then that was indeed the start of a bull market. So I do think that that's kind of where we are right now. We've had, you know, the March 23rd law, we've had the Fed all in. We had the 50% retracement. We had bear. We had it bailed out. We had the 50% retracement. Everybody was arguing. That's it. It's all done with. And in fact, we've got just like we had  zoom into your office for one or two days. That's great. The reason we didn't do it before is everybody said in theory we could do it, but nobody wanted to go through this, the blood, sweat and toil of trying to figure out how to make it happen. Well, now figured out how to make it happen. So that could be good. But you're right. The bigger issue is if we're all going to sit at home and we're all going to try and educate our kids in the other room at home, this is our economy is not built that way. If that's what we have to do, we have to fundamentally  capitalism, right? And obviously you said earlier about how kind of there's no capitalism in a crisis. Talk a little bit about how you see the incentive structure changing, right? If I take risk and I know that the government will always bail me out, well, I'll take all kinds of crazy risk, right? It's like a no-lose situation. It's the best way to make money because I can't lose. That doesn't seem like a very sustainable strategy. So maybe talk a little bit how incentives change after we see this type of quantitative easing  why GM was alive is to this day, everybody still thinks that bankruptcy and restructuring means that a company ceases to exist, that they don't understand the idea of restructuring, that if we had let, you know, just to use the autos from 09, because we've got 10 years of history to look at, if we had let the auto companies go bankrupt, that somewhere in Detroit, there'd be a half done car on an assembly line with weeds growing through the floor, that would have never happened. Those assets would have been spun off,  leading the innovation in the auto industry between electric cars, manufacturer selling and everything else in a way that the auto companies itself could never do if they are incentivized to not think boldly and not creatively change themselves. So in the long run, we're better off letting companies become these organic things that bend and fold and become something different and the like.  that kind of short term thinking is what leads to these bailouts. And while it may give you pleasure through the end of the year, when you look back at it in five years or 10 years, you say, look at these industries that should have been innovating and should have been changing, but you've incentivized them to basically status quo. And that doesn't help anybody in the long run. Yeah, it's interesting that the industries that are asking for bailouts tend to all look the same, right? Airlines, auto industry,  wait a second, why are you taking 25, 30, 35, 40, 45% of my income, if you guys can just print the money and basically just hand it to yourselves, right? And why is there taxes and all of these structures that, you know, look, there's plenty of people in kind of a small community that they hate taxes, they hate the government, whatever, I'm not talking about those people. I'm talking about the average Joe or Jane on, you know, kind of main treat business and employee of business saying, wait, why am I giving you, you know, a  no consequence. Why do I pay taxes? Why do I pay taxes at all? Why don't they just print it up and let it go from there? And then you know, wow, there'll be inflation. Well, there isn't any right now. And as far as the municipal's go, aren't we all in 100% agreement that the average state financing is a complete mess between their pension plans and their union contracts and everything else that states have had that especially when you get to the municipal level, especially the big city  and lower middle income taxpayers that live in urban areas that are really being taxed to death to pay for all of this inefficiencies that everybody agrees it would be nice if it went away. Well, here's your opportunity. Here's your catalyst that you've always needed to force that change. Instead, you just want the Fed to print money and throw it at you so you can continue the status quo. I think that that's a lost opportunity to fix some of these problems. And they need to be dealt with.  capital allocating, right? Let's go give it to the government and see what inefficiencies they can do with that capital. It seems kind of more destructive than anything. Right. And you know, and I don't know if you've seen the studies, but if you took the Forbes 400 and you took all their money and let's say all their money. And of course that means you'd have to liquidate Microsoft and you have to liquidate Amazon. And not to mention the damage that that would cause. You could fund the government for about a month. Okay. Now that you've, now that you've wiped out all the billionaires and you got through the month of May, what are we going to do in June?  And obviously this idea that the virus is probably going to reverse the trend of globalization. I think that there was this kind of underlying tone of, hey, borders coming down, let's be more global both on a business and also a social component virus happens. Now everyone's basically walking around with masks on pointing at each other saying, forget another country. Hey, you're from another state, right? I heard those New Yorkers, they got a ton of virus or Chicago. Oh no, I don't want you coming from that city.  around the world. Rick Scott, Senator from Florida, was on TV last week and he got very mad and he said, anybody that buys anything made in China is immoral. Well, you know, 60 days ago, you would have been run off as a cooke, if you would have said that. And as I like to say, who's going to defend China? You know, there's 22,000 dead Americans. Is anybody in the Democratic Party going to stand up and say, Rick, you've lost your mind? How about Europe? Is Macron from France? He's got 16,000 dead.  But more importantly, so now we're ready to do that come the other direction And I think that there's going to be a lot of that. Everybody's in agreement that at a minimum Some strategic stuff like pharmaceuticals should be coming back. Okay, why does it stop there? Why are we going to now turn to mr. Cook and say why are you leaving yourself vulnerable by making your phones in China? Why aren't you making your phones here or in Europe or in South America or a little bit of all of them and mr. Cook's argument would be because  forward PEF 20 on 130 earnings to get you back to 3400 on the S&P, you're not gonna have that. So I think that that de-globalization is gonna push back and governments are gonna do that too. When people start pointing at the Trump administration, you could have done more or the Johnson administration in the UK, you could have done more. They're gonna say, it's China's fault. And everybody's gonna say, yeah, I agree with you, it's China's fault. And so, and there's gonna be no natural constituency to defend China.  What I mean by that is what you're essentially doing is by becoming more resilient, you're becoming less efficient. And therefore, can you actually produce the goods as well? Probably not. Can you produce them as fast? Probably not. As cheaply? Definitely not. And so you get in this weird world where do U.S. consumers exclusively consume then from U.S. companies where everything's made in the U.S. and China's exclusive Chinese manufacturers that are all made in China? Or do you still get the consumers  They're going to be under enormous pressure because they're going to see their growth rates peak and they're going to start coming down. Keep in mind the following about China. In the United States, there's nine cities that have a million or more population and there's 10 cities in Europe that have a million or more population. In China, there's over 30 and we learned a new one called Wuhan that had more people than New York City. Probably before November, nobody knew what Wuhan was.  and do this like this for 14 wan a day and you can send it back to your family on the farm and they're happy to do it. Now they come to the city, they don't have that growth rate anymore. And they don't have that. And there's gonna be resentment and anger and they pile up in the ghettos in these cities and they get mad. Why don't I have a job? And they create a lot of social unrest in China. So China is gonna be under the gun to try and rectify this. Now the way that China is gonna rectify  going to have to see us pull back. While we pull back, I think it's going to fall on the companies themselves in order to eat that loss. Their margins are going to have to get squeezed over time. It will only be as the process is unfolding is that you're going to see them be able to pass those costs along. Because remember, I think what's going to happen is companies are going to be forced to become more resilient.  forward PEs to just power the market forever and ever, that era may have ended already. And we're going into a different type of era. It doesn't mean the stock market goes, you know, down 90% like the Great Depression, but we're not going to go back to the old highs for a while, at least one cycle before we can kind of figure it out. Yeah, so this kind of leads to the conversation of what happens or what can people do moving forward, right? And basically, the situation right now is from this deflationary environment, we're getting  something different happening, even though we're likely to get that inflation at some point in the future. And I'm assuming that investors will look for those inflation hedge assets. Yeah, gold is a tough one to measure. You know, I've always, I've always struggled with it. I think that in this era, you know, people have always said to me, I can't believe what the Fed's doing. Why isn't the dollar crashing? And my answer is, have you seen what the ECB and the BLJ are doing? They're printing even faster than we are. And then their answer is, why isn't gold going up? And I've always  Tesla version of gold is all you're wanting. What you need to do is buy coins and bury them in your backyard. Oh, that's too hard. The dealers are running out. By the way, the premium spot gold over like the comics prices is about a 10 or 12 year wide. It is that that's when what's been happening. Also, gold becomes a source of funds. When you are in a when you are in a stressful period, and the markets falling, and there's margin calls being hit, you've got this one asset here that  If you're buying gold because you think that inflation's coming or bad things are going to happen to the financial system, if you're buying something listed on the New York Stock Exchange and GLD, you're not getting out of the financial system. And that is the problem that gold has right now. It's still part of the whole system as well. It's not as separate as people like to make it out to be. Yeah. And I guess really this all kind of brings us to the point of, have you heard Brent Johnson's dollar milkshake theory?  The dollar strengthening other currencies are selling off or losing value against the dollar. You see other assets, you know, cross market selling off and the dollar continues to strengthen and, you know, kind of a classic deflationary environment. What I'm wondering is, does this