 All right, guys, bang bang. I have Kathy here with us. This is her second appearance on the podcast. I don't ever admit this usually, but her first conversation with me was my favorite episode ever. And when I told people that she was coming back on, many people were tweeting at me saying that this was their favorite episode as well. So no pressure. We'll see if we can do it again. All right.  I was in college. And so I've been through 10 crises if you include recessions. And this appears to me to be like two of them. And the two were shocks. Shocks to the system, unexpected, sudden. The first one was when portfolio insurance failed in October of 87 and created Black Monday. That's when the stock market dropped by almost 25%  beyond this. And as it turned out, it didn't. So forces in motion before that shock continued in motion. The 80s was a great bull market and that continued. The second time, many people think it's 0809. No, it's not. That was a true financial crisis meltdown. This is a shock. It's a healthcare crisis which has financial ramifications, but it's a shock to the system.  stronger than what people perceive it to have been now. And the reason for that is in both China and the US, the consumer was really strong. And in the US in particular, the consumer also had a large buffer, an 8% saving rate, which has doubled over the last, I'm gonna say 10 years. So an 8% saving rate, nice buffer, consumer spending very strong, but businesses were pulling back.  quarter will be down big and the question is will we be down in the third? Not sure about that depends on how fast we get back to work. So I believe that forces in motion before this crisis will continue in motion. We will end up in more of a V-shaped recovery I think than most people believe because of the setup. The consumer was strong, had a nice buffer, savings buffer. Businesses had already pulled back and if the consumer comes  that said a third of renters didn't pay rent, right? And I'm probably with you and that you could question the accuracy of some of the surveys and things like that, but it's a bigger number than I think most of us expected. Is that kind of temporary type of pain that the consumer or the average citizen experiences, or is there something that potentially you could get economic gain in the third quarter and then you get the consumer that still suffers a little bit? Like how do you think through that?  is one company but has very broad base, 100% are paying rent. And the biggest laggard is retail. The retailers are on paper thin margins, so only a third of his retail tenants are paying rent, whereas I think for the nation it's more like down to 20%. So there's the weak link right there, right? And a lot of the people who are out of work are from bricks and  like online work situation, which ultimately could hurt commercial. But in terms of the next half year, I think everybody, I think the Trump administration, the task force in particular, every day reassuring the nation saying this is going to be temporary, this is going to be, and we're looking for, now most people don't believe Trump when he says, well, this is going to be the sharpest, most vigorous, but they have to take into consideration that that could happen and that if they start doing stupid things like  of that accelerated, but it may also be an accelerant in terms of other trends. So things like remote work, a lot of technology enabled things. It sounds like you're pretty strong in that camp of believing that coming out of this, those trends just now are more likely to occur or happen faster than they already were on pace to do. Yeah. So I started Arc in 2014 and we've probably had five significant risk off, risk on periods. And during each of those periods,  even for online retail. I think many people are surprised given our own habits to learn that online retail in the United States is still only 15% of total retail sales. Now, I think in all of our lives, it's gone up to the majority of sales, or maybe not majority of non-grocery sales. Even groceries are now coming online in a bigger way, thanks to Whole Foods, Amazon, and so forth. So I think some of the trends in motion that we thought would be  in different ways. Teladoc has held up beautifully. It went out to an all-time high. And we've tended to sell those stocks in favor of a company like 2U, which because of its low cash buffer and high cash burn, it's in a high investment phase of its life. Algorithms out there, these are mindless algorithms. All they do in a crisis is say, okay, two things matter. Low cash buffer, high cash burn.  crisis first and then we'll get into the economic and policies and things there. The virus has shut down entire societies, right? I mean, countries, et cetera. What's kind of your take on is the health crisis warranted in the sense of the response we have on the health side? Are we doing enough, not enough? How do you think through that? Yeah. You know, there have been two other coronaviruses circulating through our economy on a regular basis, their annual  in the United States, 30,000 to 70,000 a year. Now it looks like this one's going to kill maybe 60,000. And I guess that's the only number we can really count on because we don't know how many people really have been infected. Two people in my sphere, meaning my household and household help have been infected. So I think when books are written about this, we'll say, okay,  happening because of this virus. First of all, we could not have sequenced it in two days. China sequenced it in two days. It took us five months to sequence the SARS virus back in 03. So that happened very quickly. Now, China probably knew the sequence, my guess is, well before they shared it with us. And if we had had it sooner, we would have understood it better.  First of all, the sequencing of the virus, we understand exactly what it is and we understand how it's mutating too. That's thanks to companies like Illumina. And then the second is synthetic biology. So if sequencing is the ability to read the DNA of a virus, synthetic biology is the ability to write the DNA of a virus and that company is Twist. It's one of the most advanced  as I mentioned to you. And so what happened during SARS, that was a crisis. I mean, this thing was, SARS was, the lethality of SARS was at least 10%. Ebola was, gosh, it was, you know, well above 50%. And MERS was somewhere in between there. So again, this is much less deadly. We don't know how deadly it is, because we don't know how many people have gotten it. We'll know after the fact.  Moderna and Arcturus are based on RNA technology, Inovio on DNA technology. RNA we've never seen it work. If it works, it's going to be amazing. And it'll be a very profitable, it's going to be a winner take most, because these companies have developed libraries of data and are going to be able to at least get the licensing fees, royalties on all of this. So I think vaccine is going to be a good place to be. And the other thing I think that this healthcare crisis has done  It's mostly commoditized. Even their esoteric tests become commoditized just because they're so big. And now what's happening is you get a company like Invite or Garden or Personalis. Some of these you may have heard of. What they are doing, I think this is going to be a winner take most world like so many in the artificial intelligence world. They are gathering all the data. They have harnessed  DNA sequencing, artificial intelligence, and then CRISPR gene editing, which is going to not only will we be able to create these tests so that to understand in a very personal way how your DNA is influenced, right, and what is impacted, how your DNA is mutating, they'll be able to figure that out, and then they'll be able to pull therapies off the shelf, or they'll be able to design them with gene editing.  or kind of a shock as you described it. There's a lot of economic policies that have been implemented. What's kind of your general view of what's already been done and maybe even what needs to be done in the future? Right. So, you know, my mentor is Art Laffer. I don't know if you're familiar with the Laffer curve supply side economics, but he advises Trump, President Trump informally, regularly. And I know because I  of course, but we wanted them to be safe, first and foremost. So the programs that were being designed in the early days and were just throw the money at them have been modified so that you're seeing more in the form of loans to small businesses and others that will have to be repaid after a long grace period. So that is good just to keep  way to help those people and would have the same effect would be to say and I've heard President Trump mention it it hasn't been put into any legislation yet to Basically go on a payroll tax holiday Both both for the employers and the employees Through the end of the year. What would that do? It would say it would encourage businesses who are  In terms of the way they're treating larger corporations, I think they're creating inducements to rev back up faster. What they're doing is they're saying, okay, if you take these loans, then you cannot buy back shares or pay dividends for a year past when, and I don't know if the legislation has changed here a bit, but this is how it was being written, a year past the day you repay those loans.  And very sensitive, you hear more and more about, you hear certainly the president and the vice president talking about getting people back to work safely. So you'll have Pence focused on the safety and you'll have Trump focused on getting back to work. And it's a good dynamic and an important dynamic, I think. Yeah, are you worried at all? You know, we're in a deflationary environment now. There's a lot of QE going on. Are you one worried that we could over rotate on the inflow?  you know, I remembered being concerned saying, wow, this is just such an inducement to take a lot of risk and just go out there and go for it. That's not what happened. What happened was people were so traumatized by the near breakdown of our financial and economic system that they were not sure we were going to be able to hold together. And  the velocity of money, which is the critical answer here, has been falling and my guess is falling at an accelerated rate now. And so all of that QE, most of it is still sitting on the balance sheets of central banks. Now, the way I think about that still is that is kindling for the fire, potential fire that you're talking about, but that kindling hasn't been lit for the past 10 years because every step along the way included  that we can throw anything we want at the system and velocity will fall and offset it. There will become a day and this could be the beginning, but I don't think it will, I don't think we'll see the ramifications in terms of inflation for I'm going to say at least a year and a half, maybe two years, because first we still do have a little bit of this seizing up and people saying, is my job going to be there?  the way. So the reason we won't have an inflation problem for the next 18 months, two years, there are two reasons. One, oil prices have crashed and oil is a big part of the input. And there's a good reason secularly for oil to crash. We talk about it all the time. I think oil is going down longer term to $10 or less per barrel. And I've been saying that for a while. That's a personal point of view. And that's because of electric vehicles and autonomous electric vehicles at the margin  What will happen is productivity will surge. Now, productivity was already starting to surge. So again, this idea of forces in motion, continuing motion. I think the accelerated shift into new technologies now is going to cause an acceleration in productivity growth. We're probably going to see productivity growth numbers in the next year that we haven't seen, I'm going to say since the sixties. So that's another reason.  to lower prices to compete and bring consumers back and to compete against China because China is using innovation and deflation to compete. So that's another thing that could happen here which would reinforce this disinflationary cycle. Or it can go to increase profit margins. And it's probably going to, depending on the industry, going to go to all three. So I don't think we'll see inflation  And that's because they had been lulled into complacency that the Fed could do anything it wanted. Well, I think that we're back in that situation, but we will not face, and I know where you're going with this, obviously Bitcoin, we won't face the real ramifications for another couple of years. But I know we've increased our Bitcoin exposure in the discretionary portfolios at ARK. And I think it's the right thing to do.  mean by that and if you have any examples of where that's happened before. Sure. I'll start out by giving you two examples from the 0809 period since we have that data and we don't have all the data from this crisis yet. Although I can tell you from the way our stocks are behaving the market is beginning to understand this. Whereas in 0809 if you looked at salesforce.com you would have thought I was going out of business. So what happened in 0809? I remember listening  Most software stocks, companies, which had the enterprise license model, which most of them did at the time, their budgets were cut enormously, they were hit badly. And Salesforce.com was just taken down with all of them, but because it was a newbie, like it was going out of business, it sold off worse than some of the enterprise license model players. So when you look back on what happened there,  people thought it was going out of business, was up 20%. In the worst crisis since the Great Depression, retail sales for many, I looked at retail sales numbers going back to 08, the macro sales, they were down 10 to 12% at their worst. Amazon's worst quarter was up 14%. And I think their worst quarter this time around, there's not gonna be a worst quarter.  decay to the GDP growth rate. That's not what's happening now. The waves of innovation that we're seeing and Amazon is the first proof of concept of this idea that we could actually see some of these companies grow at an exponential rate. And all that means is that they will sustain some kind of super growth number like 25% instead of decaying according to the law of large numbers, right?  very well. Amazon just went out to a new high today, an all-time high. So Amazon and Netflix, I would put Teladoc and Zoom into this category. Zoom, despite its problems with privacy and exposure to China in terms of having its workers there. They've been obvious beneficiaries and investors have flocked to them. So when that is happening in our portfolios,  to do pure storage in solid state in the storage space, the new wave of storage though. You'll have, well, you'll have workday. Workday is well understood, but I think it's at a point of accelerated shift as well because it's moving, it's infiltrated through HR departments and now it's moving into financial and it's really getting at the oracles and the SAPs of the world. So again, what this is saying is,  I think one of the things that you're highlighting here is it's also the strategy of, you know, take a zoom. Everyone sees that it's working. Everyone's piling in. It's very easy for there to be a bubble like mania in a single name because it's the obvious choice. What it sounds like you guys are doing is you actually start as that rides and people recognize it, you actually start trimming a little of the position, take that cash, and then you go look for what's the next wave that everyone's going to realize, oh, that's a beneficiary. But if you can find those before it,  And we just said, okay, we'll put it in because it certainly is disruptive and is taking share from the Webexes and the other more established but clu-gee players. It's not really taking share from Teams, which is Microsoft, but they're both growing very rapidly together. But we sold it out when it just took off as everything else was plummeting. And so that is where we will make a valuation.  as other people realize that that's an obvious winner or beneficiary, whether it's from the virus or some other sector, you benefit. One of where I think you really kind of went to bat and there was a lot of people saying there's no way you're right and all the stuff was Tesla, right? And you guys were early and I believe even when the price continued to fall, you continued to buy, right? Like the ultimate sign of conviction and you've kind of been proven right to some degree  the most trolled portfolio manager on Twitter. And I am in that, and because that not because of me, but because of Elon and that stock and all the shorts that were who were supporting it. And we had built a very strong case. It's our highest conviction name still. So but it soared to 900 plus. We were taking profits if we hadn't taken profits.  So I usually like to take it down to 10% and then it drops and it did. It dropped all the way down to $350 in this crisis. And why? Because the shorts were saying, aha, even though they have $8 billion in cash now, they're saying oil prices are crashing. No reason to buy an electric vehicle. Crazy talk. Even though we've done the total cost of ownership with oil prices at this level, it's still changing.  who are typically auto analysts are seeing what their traditional auto companies are doing in this period. In order to preserve a six or 7% dividend, GM is having to cut spending. And where is it spending? Cutting and spending. Electric vehicles. It's cutting everywhere, but electric vehicles. It's going to fall even further behind Tesla in terms of its EVG.  I'm still keeping its dividend. My guess is it will go to, and that will continue to highlight, you know, Tesla doesn't have a dividend. 100% of its R&D is in electric. It doesn't have to share with internal combustion engine R&D, which they still have to spend that money. That's the 95% plus of their fleets, right? And so we think Tesla, because of this crisis, has gained even more  market share. Yeah, if you using the first quarter numbers. So last year, Tesla had 17% of the global, the global EV market, including China, which is the largest market. Now, I think these are just US numbers. They could be global, though. By our estimates in the first quarter, Tesla had 30% market share.  sales on a year-over-year basis. Now we only have the total first quarter, I think, but I think again, I'm not exactly right. Their sales didn't drop by 40, 50 percent. I think they went up by 30, 40 percent year-over-year. Yeah, it's pretty incredible. And then I guess this leads to kind of longer term, right? One of the things that we talked about last time when we recorded was the idea of the autonomous taxis, right? And you kind of  the future? Well, it's a great question from a couple of angles. First, Tesla's ability to produce is limited by, the constraint is management. And so they need to build out management and they are. And so in the meantime, as they're revving up on getting their management infrastructure in place around the world, Europe, Asia, and so forth,  is I think Uber and Lyft are in a world of hurt here. And the reason for that is the way that business was beginning to evolve is you were getting these entrepreneurs who were saying, okay, I'm gonna buy several cars here and I'll buy the cars, I'll own them and I'll populate them with riders. Well, guess what? They were on shoestring margins probably in the early days, anyone in the early days.  cars. That's the just of producing cars is, you know, a 25 to 30% growth gross margin business. And this is probably that this one if it were their own ride hailing service would be north of 50%. The way they would probably do it interestingly would be to say to these former entrepreneurs, you know, if you give us 5000 down on a car,  would be paying down their cars over time and they'd be employed in this business. So it's a win-win for both sides. It's also a win-win in two ways for Tesla. One, the free cash flow. The second is having a ride hailing service out there means that their collection of data will go into overdrive. You know, they'll be pushing cars out that drive 50, 60% of the day  underestimated is a square and what they're doing in in the FinTech and payment space. Maybe give us kind of your thoughts on just like why so bullish on that company and that we could talk through some of the intricacies or nuances of it. Yeah and I'm gonna give a shout out for to Max Friedrich who's our analyst and we're just about to publish a white paper on comparing Venmo and Cash App to traditional banks.  So it's a very rich white paper in terms of learning about these ecosystems and learning the competitive advantages that both PayPal, Venmo, and Cash App have relative to banks. So in the case of Square, I just love it because it is really enabling the lower income strata of this economy anywhere from the lower income  Really using the square point of sale device to put on top of their Cell phone to actually do business and so what can square see unlike a bank which can't maybe sees end of month or end of quarter income statements square sees every transaction that this merchant make or has and Can see the cadence can see when? Business is good when it's bad and what is some  added strength because it's becoming part of a bigger ecosystem that is proliferating first through the South. Now it's moving up. We're seeing it move and you'll see on the maps how it is. So the competitive advantage that these companies have relative to banks, I think is going to destroy banks. It's going to turn them into commoditized utility. I mean, there will be  above JP Morgan, which is something like more than 40 million, something like that. And Cash App is not far behind. In fact, we believe Cash App will pass JP Morgan this year as well. Now, how is this happening? The banks have the installed base. That's always the trap when you're talking about innovation. Oh, the old guard says, that's our market. We're gonna wipe these newbies off the face of the earth. We can do that.  is because these customers typically have been very sticky and their lifetime value has been very lucrative for the banks. Today, Cash App and PayPal pay $20. Think about that. $1,500 versus $20. And the reason for that is because of the viral nature of Cash App and Venmo. If you're telling, in the case of, I mean, it's kind of funny,