 What's your biggest dream?  situation. Maybe just give us kind of a quick minute or two. I'm just like, where are we right now and kind of how you currently analyze the situation? Well, you know what we don't know, right? Because everybody's sitting at home. We're in a situation now where we can't look back, right? We can't look at America 1.0. We've just got to say, okay, what's this going to be like when the doors start to open up and we walk in, walk out the door into America 2.0 and what do we want it to look like? You know, we've got this amazing reset that's horrific in some ways,  it for small businesses right now, right? And kind of like what's your assessment of the actual?  small businesses are. So yeah, it's going to be tough for small businesses. But if you can get through this knowing that some of your competitors are going to fall off. And if you if you can hustle, if you can grind, you can you can make it into something better. But you got to be agile, you got to be resilient, you got to recognize that things are going to go wrong. It's not going to be easy. But again, agility, smart, aggressiveness, hustle grind, those are going to be traits of small businesses that do well. Yeah, and it feels like there's kind of two buckets right here.  Facebook prices, Google, you know, across the board, Twitter, they've all just dropped like a rock. And so if you can afford to go after and you have a vision for what your company is going to be like, right, because you got to know in 2.0, what you're what, what you're all about, where you're making your money and how you're going to do it. So if you have that confidence in your product, and your service, go, go, go, go put the pedal to the metal and don't stop to get where you're headed to. Yeah, you keep mentioning kind of America 2.0, maybe elaborate just like, what exactly does that look like in your mind? Is this  What is it, right? You know, I'm all about robotics and precision medicine and artificial intelligence. You know, what is it that I can do there? I'm about, you know, when we create medicines in this country, you know, we typically have them manufactured overseas. And there are a lot of problems with them being counterfeit, not being as pure as they're supposed to be. And that created all kinds of illnesses and challenges. You know, so we had already started creating some companies to address that. You know, how can I accelerate those companies like node.ai or IO rather?  have to try to figure out how and where they fit with AI and new technologies. And so, you know, if you've got a vision of how to put these new tech technologies to work and something you think should be just radically different and you just got to go for it. And so I think there's going to be a lot of great companies created. What's it all going to look like when it's all said and done? I don't know, but that's the opportunity, right? You know, that's why I'm trying to just visualize, where do I see it? What do I think I need to do? How can I help? How can I change  the American spirit to come out of this. That's who we are. Right. That's in our DNA. That's what makes us different than any other country on the planet. You know, I mean, you don't see, you know, countries built around entrepreneurship like you see in the United States of America, right? They don't talk about the French dream or the Iranian dream, right? We talk about the American dream. And that's why you see so many people come to this country. Even when you look at some of the greatest companies created over the last 20 years, they were started by immigrants who came here knowing that this was the best country in the world.  That's the ultimate socialism when I'm taking money, when my employees are taking money from the government because I'm not paying them enough. And so I want to directify that. And so, you know, for capitalism to continue to thrive when we come out of this, it's going to have to be a lot more compassionate. You're going to have to put employees first. You're going to have to put shareholders last, you know, and that's going to be good for business because how you treat your employees and customers is how your brand is going to be defined forever. You know, your people are not going to want to be associated  You don't recognize you're going to have to pay people more to keep them. Then you're going to be challenged. Yeah. And we've seen this before, right? I mean, companies that have strong cultures took care of their employees. They've always tended to do well. People really write books about it because it's so rare. And now I think what you're basically saying is, hey, everyone's going to have to start to put this as a core tenant of what they're building. Without question. I mean, look, every single person who's on social media, which is pretty much everybody 40 and under, right? If not older and under.  is capitalism has to be compassionate, but that's good business. Yeah, for sure. Obviously, the economic crisis is happening, and we're getting a bunch of monetary policy decisions that some are good, some are bad. What's your general take on just what's already been decided and what you think we need to do moving forward with the monetary policy side? I don't want to throw people under the bus because the reality is it's easy because there are no great decisions right now because we don't have good information about anything. But there's a whole lot of things that we're going to have to reduce  You're not building, you're not having the piano player, you're not having the artwork, right? You're doing it so that when somebody needs to come in and get primary care, they can afford it. Because how you invest in what you, the care you offer defines how much you charge. And so all that's going to change. How we tax is going to have to change. And it's not just about taxing me more, I'm fine with that and always have been. But there's gonna be so much forbearance of tax revenue, there's gonna be such  we don't lead the world in robotics, whether it's software or manufacturing of robots. We're behind Germany, we're behind Japan, we're behind China. And the only way we're gonna bring back jobs and the only way we're gonna bring back manufacturing from overseas, no matter what country it is, whether it's Asia and Mexico, whatever it is, it's through robotics. We're gonna have to out-engineer, we're gonna have to out-innovate those manufacturing alternatives that are less expensive because of lower payrolls and less climate restrictions.  B, the aggregate employment would be much higher and the pay will be much higher even for people with not defined skills than it would be just trying to recreate manufacturing 1.0. I think we tax cloud computing because that's where AI resides and AI is not going anywhere. It's expensive for small companies to use cloud computing right now. That's a different issue. But for the large scale applications and processes, I don't think we'll hurt any  what the issue with the bailouts are and let's just stick with companies right now and then we can get into like local governments and all of that. Got it. So look, everybody's suffering at some level. If a company's been impacted dramatically, like we've seen airlines, like we've seen the wedding industry, like we've seen cruise lines, I'm not opposed to them going to the government for help, right? But when you give help, when you effectively invest in a company, whether it's taxpayer money or my money or your money, you want something  the American taxpayers deserve that. And by doing that, we bring back the economy much more quickly because, you know, yeah, it's expensive, but to the people getting that money. But at the same time, I believe in this country and I believe those stock prices are going to be much higher at some point in the future, just like they were post the 2009, 2010 Great Recession. And so it's a good investment for the American people. It's smart to take that money for the American people.  fair deals or advantageous deals or do you start to get into a situation where it's just too hard to do something like that? I mean, everything's hard right now, right? So there's going to be a challenge. But, you know, in reading as much as I could of the law, they created an oversight committee already, right? And so the goal would be not to just have politicians on that oversight committee, right? Because they're going to be influenced. They have their own dogmas and they basically represent two parties. And so you want to get some independent names on there. Again, I'll follow up on that.  Because the minute that first one hits, if it isn't well done, rip them the shreds, right? That's our job, you know, as concerned citizens, why wouldn't we? Yeah. You know, if it's not a deal, we feel is a good deal for the United States of America. Of course you want to say something. Yeah. And my whole thing too is why would you not want to have people who have experienced doing this stuff? Right. No brainer. You know what? And if the company doesn't want it, bye bye. Go get your money somewhere else. Well, if the company is fighting back against who's on the  I mean, you have to do it. Otherwise, it creates a cascading effect that could be far worse. I mean, look, what do they call it? The MMT, the monetary, yeah, I forget what the acronym stands for, but where you just keep on printing money and then you see what happens, we're going to find out, right? This is a real world experiment. But the other side of the coin is you know what happens if you don't. If all these companies, all these organizations can't pay their bills like the MTA, like the  have to do it, right? They're in a lose-lose situation. They got to do it. Do you get worried about inflation on the other side of this where it could get out of hand because they literally, they're just printing? Yeah, but we thought about that before. It was just like, okay, you know, when we do all these bailouts in 2009, 2010, inflation is going to be rampant and it wasn't, you know? And then we've had, you know, other scenarios where interest rates go down to zero or negative interest in other countries and inflation hasn't been rampant. It's been, you know, deflation is more of a risk than inflation.  between the health crisis and the economic crisis. And I think a lot of people look at it black and white. They say, hey, either you stop the health crisis or you stop the economic crisis. You just can't make that decision. And so how do you think through on a framework basis, like you got to address both of them? And so like, what are some of those solutions that we can move towards? Well, kind of the way I'm looking at it, I actually see the health crisis as being short term, right? But the economic crisis is being potentially much longer term. But you can't you've got to deal with both of them. Right. And so all the things we've been talking  hopefully like in 2009, 2010, we start to come out of it relatively quickly and you know, couple years hopefully. But on the health side, I'm really optimistic that we'll have a vaccine, you know, in trial shortly and out of trial within a year and we'll have therapies within months. But even those therapies are going to take time to build confidence. And I just think, you know, coming out of this,  at home, we got to crush the curve, all the things that we saw on social media, etc. The flip side of this is now how do we come out of it, right? And I think that actually the way you come out of the quarantine has a lot of impact on the psychology. Do people go spend, will they go to that movie theater? Will they do this stuff? Any thoughts on just like, what's the way to think? Yeah, the answer is no, right? Because it's going to be a process. There is no one thing, there is no light switch, like everybody's saying, it will be a process where you'll build trust, and you have to know that going into the deals that you do. So it's part of a bailout for an airline, if the government's  We'll work with sports teams in arenas. We'll put together programs where we won't have an arena full, but we'll start playing the game so we can at least see groups of people together in an area that won't end up getting sick. Again, that goes back to the agility. We're going to have to just test things out and that's what will build confidence. And of course, there's going to be kids that, you know, feel they're invincible and they're going to go out and do whatever anyway. So we're going to be back in the beach. They're going to be back in the pools. They're going to be back partying no matter what. And then we'll see what happens.  and at it, it may be AR, whatever it may be, they're going to have to be things that the government sets of standards that are confidence builders for us. Just like when we went back after 9-11 and we had the TSA there and the lines were long and you knew it was a pain in the ass and you knew you couldn't just run to the gate anymore, but that helped give us confidence. We'll need the same type of standards from the CDC so that we're in and out, whoever it may be, so that we know that the right things are being done because we can see the stickers everywhere.  was like what was being said and all of that, but just on a more broad scale, how do you think that the media has been doing in covering some of this stuff? And like, what are they doing well? Or where do you wish that they would improve? I mean, I try not to look at the TV news anymore or the cable news, because there's just all doom and gloom. And I don't think that really serves any purpose, particularly since the audience for traditional television is older. When you look at the average viewing age for CNN,  What are the things you're looking forward to buying so that we have an indication that, you know what, we will get through this. There is a better way to do things. And there's going to be some exciting things that we learned because like we talked about capitalism, but there's going to be a lot of things that we realized it wasn't right before. Let's do a better way. Or there's going to be lots of young entrepreneurs that say, I got this, right? This is my vision. They may be a 12 year old or maybe they're a 60 year old, but there's going to be new visions. Let's talk to them and let's hear some of those new visions.  or more macro, but there's going to be a lot of things, a lot of people that have specific visions. Let's get them out there and talking and getting feedback, you know, because that's, that could be around the corner a month from now, two months from now, you know, we're not going to just do things all the same way. Let's come up with a vision. Let's get fired up. Right? There's so much, I want to talk to those entrepreneurs. I want to hear about those entrepreneurs. I want to see what new products are services. I want to hear about those visions because God damn it, if we went through all this shit,  kind of mentioned healthcare or there are other industries outside of healthcare and AI that you think are going to be big or you all you see some of your teams now saying hey look this is actually where we think that vision is. Oh my god so I had this guy company Meepo and the EPO who created new kinds of food so he put the took the nutrients of a salmon dinner with sweet potatoes and put it into a cube that they're manufacturing right now they're at the co-packer that's 340 calories and it costs two bucks to make right. So when people are  And so we're talking about how can we bring all the kids together if they bring their own bubble soccer ball by definition, you know, their social distancing, right? And they can just get out there and we create our own little local instead of, you know, the local baseball or football or basketball league, we're gonna play bubble soccer. You just get your own bubble soccer ball. Just little, I mean, it's silly in some respects, but those are the types of things that accommodate the new normal, right? That allow people to try to get back to having some normalcy. And, you know, those are two areas.  you're more likely to say you had a good day at the end than if you woke up and read three negative headlines. Oh, exactly. We're not giving anybody anything. You know, yeah, it's not about survival. I mean, look, we're going to get through this with this. This is not a situation where we're saying, oh my God, there's no medicine coming. We're arguing about which medicine will work better. You know, we're arguing about the best way to deal with people are sick. And it's horrific, you know, that we can't get it to everybody. And it's horrific that we don't don't have the right solution.  give up civil liberties, personal freedoms in exchange for more safety. How do you kind of think through, you know, where's the line and kind of how do citizens think through that? There's a guy named Scott McNealy who started a company called Sun Microsystems way back in the day. Never heard of it. What's that? Never heard of it. A lot of people haven't, right? It's crazy. Back in the day it was huge. And he says, you don't have any privacy. No matter what you walk down the street in New York, there's a camera on you, whether you like it or not. Right. Every every every building has got a camera looking out  I think just being tested is going to be the thing. But we will have to give up some privacy. Now, where I do get a concern is people getting labeled, right? You have the antibodies, you don't, right? You've got it, you don't have it. And because they'll start with this and they'll extend to other areas. And that's where I get nervous. So trying to prevent people from getting labeled, I think is important. But I think beyond that, we'll have to give up some things  balancing some things out so unfortunate there. But it you know, I still am going to cash the markets going up and there's good reasons why the markets going up right for all the good things that we just talked about right, you know, three years five years from now, the market will be up from where we are today, it will be up, you know, who knows how much but it will it'll be better. Um, but I still think we have a leg down. And so I've gone to cash. And if even if not in the public markets, if I'm wrong in the public markets, I think there's going to be companies that need capital  I think commodities go up because I think we'll get at least some modicum of inflation and as companies kind of try to protect their own manufacturing and try to really bring core necessities domestically, I think that could push up the value of commodities. I couldn't tell you which ones to invest in, but just generically and on a macro basis. I'm not a big gold fan. I analogize that more to Bitcoin and just  And the same thing can happen with gold. You know, so. What about on the real estate side? Anything there? Yeah, I mean, I'm looking right. I'm trying to be opportunistic and agile, not necessarily to take advantage of people's misfortune, but I just think that there'll be a lot of reformulating because there's so many, there's so many companies that were leveraged, you know, so companies went to go buy land or buildings or shopping centers, whatever it may be. And they put down very little capital.  think you want a house in an area that's been hit hard, you know, Detroit or wherever it may be, now's the time to buy. So I think for personal purposes, it's a good time to if you have cash to buy real estate. For sure. NBA, obviously, it's going to come back at some point. Before we go there, let me say one other thing in terms of investment. College, right? You got to rethink where you're going to school and whether you're going to borrow money at all. And colleges themselves,  public and to a lesser extent, you know, the Ivy League schools are going to be okay because of their endowment, but below that, you know, you're going to see a lot of reformatting, a lot of rethinking, and who knows when students go back. And so if your school was going to have you have, was going to force you to do online learning anyways, why are you going to pay for a full credit when you can go to any of the other online sources or go to Coursera and learn the same stuff for free and then try to test out or go to a local community college and then go test out or transfer your  in college life that are going to change, that probably the, after some of the entertainment industries, one of the most negatively impacted industries is going to be schools, universities. And as a potential student, as a current student, you need to look at this as the biggest investment you're going to make over the next 10, 15 years and really reevaluate what your choices were. Yeah. The set that I saw was the average calculus one course in  potential future. And then as you learn and look, you just paid for college. Now you're getting paid to learn when you get to that first job. Even if it's the worst job ever, you're going to learn what you don't like and then go from there and just start bouncing from job to job to job till you get to one you love or you look, you figure out that there's something in this job. You don't realize you love, but now you love. But take your, the way you approach your job life is going to be completely different. Yeah. Getting paid to learn is the better than paying to learn for sure. NBA, when it comes back,  we'll have VR headsets on and we'll be watching the game with you know 50 of our friends and VR who knows but we need sports and so I think that will help and you've seen like Shark Tank right Friday nights on ABC you know our ratings have gone way up we're sending multi-year highs and we're on traditional television um and so you know where where there's been television on dramas or whatever on traditional cable the ratings are doing better than they have and the cord cutting has slowed down  to happen for you to change your mind.  can do it because now the fact that we're arguing so much about it and you have so many stands about Bitcoin, you know for Bitcoin that just proves the point. You know that it's difficult and two you can't spend it on anything. You know, I think we've spent we put it up for the mass. We did it originally four years ago and no one bought anything. Now we're taking Bitcoin and please go buy everything at Bitcoin. I'm fine with that. Right. And I think we brought in $130 and that's all the Bitcoin that I own right now. Yeah. Yeah. I think part of it too is these experience nothing has to improve.  between all the different types of cryptos. These are things that just create more and more confusion and diminish the confidence. And so yeah, I get all the arguments. I've seen all of the charts, right? I understand the potential problems with fiat. But to Bitcoin's potential benefit, if everything goes into the shitter because we're printing so much money and there's global implications, Bitcoin has got something to deal with and something to say. And if we don't,  it's sick, right? Everything changes. You know, we don't like people are afraid to go out or the economy gets worse. Everything changes, you know, and I think what's really missing is no one understands technology and technology out of the candidates and even our senior politicians and you know, our most powerful, powerful politicians, they don't get tech at all. And yet tech is going to drive America 2.0 more than anything we could otherwise do. You know, whether it's robotics, AI, precision medicine, all these things are going to be the  like let's say for 2020, I mean, you got a couple of months, what do you do to even have a shot? I mean, I talk about America 2.0. I talk about the fact that I hate both parties. I talk about the fact that literally I would try to get rid of both parties. They serve no purpose. I talk about the fact that, you know, Supreme Court, I would balance it. I would make sure that there's a Republican and independent, a Democrat repeat, right? That when it comes to appointing people for positions, I don't care what their political affiliation is. I'd appoint the best person, you know, and most likely it turns into a balanced  creates a lot of opportunity for me. I got to speak for a lot of people. If you went in and said our whole our whole mission here is to get rid of the politicians and get business leaders and entrepreneurs in here, I think you'd have a pretty big following. And not just entrepreneurs, right? I mean, look, there's people who understand government who aren't politicians. Right. The fact that you have there's an organization that give a lot of money to a competitive democracy dot org and their whole mission in life is to help independents get on ballots because the Republicans and Democrats do everything possible  and you solve that problem. There's just a lot of things where we can put people first and really propel this country to do better things when we get on the other side of this. Yeah. It'd be hell of a story to go. Listen, it'd be hell of a story to go from sleeping on the floor in the apartment to dancing naked being a billionaire and eventually the Oval Office. I might have to give you all the credit though, man. This dude that accelerated me, man. This is my launching pad right here right now. All right. Listen, Mark, I really appreciate it. Just keep doing you, man. We're all cheering you on and we're enjoying it.