 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got a special treat for you today. Igor is here and we have a lot to talk about, but I appreciate you taking the time to record this during quarantine. Yeah, thanks for having me. Let's just jump right in. Your background, you've spent a lot of time in technology, built a number of companies. Maybe just kind of take us from the beginning to how we get to today.  us as did Amazon and off we went to Amazon land in 2011 and it formed the nucleus of what everybody now knows as Alexa, the Amazon Echo and these experiences. Yeah. So let's go back to the IBM time. Cause I think a lot of people look at IBM and they basically say, you know, the cubbies been around forever. It's a blue chip. They've got hundreds of thousands of employees. Like how exactly does technology development happen inside of a large company like that? And then obviously it led to some frustrations from your ends. You guys went  released into the wild at the workgroup level and they just tore it up, right? Things like Salesforce, Zoom that we're speaking on here, Tableau and the like were all released at the workgroup level and they made their way up. No CIO, CFO had to sign off on their adoption. And I think they had, hadn't figured that out because a lot of the software that they create is unfinished, right? Because it's typically handed to their global services team, which then do a lot of the customizations for  devices like the Alexa's, the Google homes, et cetera would kind of be the end state or was it more just generalized? We think this technology is interesting. Let's develop it and then we'll figure out the consumer applications later. No, I think we had a sense of the consumer applications. In fact, in 2006, I already had a prototype for what would become Alexa, right? So I carried around on a little flip phone where I could speak into it and it was all cloud powered, meaning it would record the audio on the device and then  without any way to monetize this thing, people were unsure how we would create absorption for the consumer space of these technologies. Yeah. And really, I guess the technology ends up being a combination of multiple trends or technology developments. And so you've got machine learning, you've got voice recognition, you've got some level of artificial intelligence in there. Maybe help us understand, is that a sequential thing where one technology gets built  else, you drop that module in there, your scientists develop something else, you drop that module in there. So you may have, you know, start with a baseline acoustic model, but then you have a better one that fits the use cases. You may have a baseline language model, you drop in a better one that supports your use cases, whether it was messaging, voicemail processing, call mining, a myriad of different use cases at the time. What was funny is as we were fundraising in the 2007-2008 timeframe for our VC round,  to diligent us by becoming customers. Yeah, that's great when the people you're pitching end up doing business development for you, for sure. That's right. And so obviously you kind of described what you had on the technology front in 2006, 2007. By the time that you guys actually sold to Amazon, what did the technology do in Yap, right? Like how far did you guys get before that acquisition occurred? Yeah, so Prion, which is the new company's name, was actually sold  were plotting complete independence. And so it was a state of the art speech engine that had some newfangled abilities that even to this day we can't talk about because a lot of people think that you invent things and you patent everything, but you typically don't. There are certain core capabilities you leave as trade secrets. For instance, Google always was annoyed that they published PageRank, where in hindsight they wish that they didn't publish PageRank  the audio stream and basically takes everything that you say and converts it into phonemes. And then it clusters the phonemes together in a search to see, hey, is this the right word for this combination of phonemes? And then it goes to the next set of phonemes. Is this the right word in the set of phonemes? And then it goes to the third set of phonemes and says, is this the right word? And then you have this concept of bigrams, trigrams, quadgrams,  factors to the accuracy is how it ingest, like how clearly can you hear the audio and then the conversion to text. And then what you're talking about here is almost like the contextual information that it's able to derive from the other parts of the sentence. Right. And, and, and that's why, you know, having a great engineering team paired with a great research team is so important, right? Because the research team works on the models and the engines, all the natural language, everything that you think about on the engineering team.  accuracy. And so we had all sorts of routines to cleanse audio and then feed the best representation of your voice to the recognizers and the models in order to have the best accuracy. It took Google about 10 years with all these newfangled methods that you heard of post 2012 to catch up to the level of accuracy that we had 10 years ago. That's how tight of a platform it was. Yeah, that's awesome. And then what is it like as you're going through kind of the acquisition process you guys obviously have  the Googles, the Amazons, the Apples, the Facebooks, so on and so forth, all of the big brands that you can think of and even intermediate brands that are up and coming, like the Zooms, the Service Nals and everything else, because you're a member of that ecosystem, right? So you're not necessarily looking for investment, you're not necessarily looking for M&A, but you're always looking for partnerships, scaling partnerships and what have you. And it's just a normal part of business, as you know,  You know, that they were coming for speech recognition and AI in a major way. And obviously they're one of the dominant providers of AI services today. But frankly speaking, nobody invents a company wanting to sell it, which is counterintuitive because you think that this is the way that value is unlocked. You're literally building a company like the first days of Facebook or Google or Amazon or any one of those. And you're building it to last, you know, to be governed well, to be innovative, to hire a world-class team.  working with this team, look, look at the team that we've built now, right? They're resilient folks, they're supporting each other, they're doing it right by customers and partners, they're trying to be relevant to this pandemic and help where they can. You get to work with these people day in and day out, why would you want that to change? So that's the thing that people don't tend to talk about is that psychological change that happens. Yeah, it's super interesting because it's very counterintuitive, right? A lot of people would say, hey, the financial  your journey and then this final product of Alexa or the current state of the product. Good, bad, indifferent, how do you evaluate what they've built? I think it's good. What the big tech companies can do, especially in the consumer space, is they de-risk things as an interaction method because they have other ways of supporting these assets. Because the majority of their businesses are built on ads and other forms of  these things eventually end up at work. And so look, you have Facebook and Twitter first, and then you could have Slack and things and Yammer and these types of tools in the workplace. We have FaceTime before we really have the prominence of the Webexes and the Zooms and the like as well. So the consumer space in some ways is the permurdal ooze, if you will, in terms of adoption of certain types of technology. And that's what Silicon Valley does very well.  Right. I mean, again, I would consider there's an art and science to business that's entangled together, right, and to startups in a way. And so it's, think of yourself as a writer, as a musician, as a painter, as a sculptor. This literally hit me like a ton of bricks. And I actually ended up trying to give the idea away, right? So I called buddies on Amazon and I said, hey, I just thought of a new way that's going to be a breakthrough for how  And I'm like, what do you mean you're in? You know, imagine, you know, in Hollywood, how they have that dolly zoom where you get goosebumps because the backdrop, you know, falls back. That's the moment that I had. This guy's world famous helped stand up the Watson division. And he's never, you know, gone to Google or Amazon or any of these places or any startup when they approached him. But here, you know, this idea is big enough where he's finally able to take a risk with his current credibility. And then sure enough, I call  99 of them say no. My intuition, my spidey sense of screaming on all cylinders saying, hey, this is a big deal, especially since it's battle tested and vetted by some amazing folks that work in these amazing brands, including yourself, right? And the experiences you had. So that was, that's what the initial process was like. Got it. And then what was that original idea? I guess we didn't announce it yet. And we're going to, we were thinking of announcing it at the Wall Street Journal future of  We have great backers that certainly helped get us product market fit. And that's something that I would suggest to anybody involved in startups. And I don't care where you are in the food chain, to have great folks part of the journey from the get-go that help you figure out exactly how you're going to package, price it, exactly what they need and what order in your roadmap is all important.  credit, Graycroft Partners does that out of New York and LA. Revolution does that at times. Digital Alpha has their own portfolio that we're tending to, Bootstrap Labs and the rest. So remember, whenever you take investment, it comes with networks. That's actually more important than the money that you're getting from these folks. Of course, you need their investment in order to make payroll, but more important than that, as we sit down and look at who's going to be on the  You'll take an investment from Plug and Play Ventures in Silicon Valley, and they have a mess of brands that are associated with them and rinse repeat with all of them. They all have those connections and that's normal. Whether you're running a floor shop or you're running a startup, you're consistently looking at your customers and partners and your backers for the networks that they provide. Yeah. And I guess as part of this, specifically in the artificial intelligence and voice recognition space, how are these large companies  if you will. But know this, right? We may be really good at tech, but they're really good at flying planes. They're really good at logistics. They're really good at operating banks. They're really good at all of these running hospitals, right? So in some ways we unfairly judge them to say, hey, you know, what's your tech stack look like? And do you have the latest, you know, fangled, you know, AI chess playing thing? Or can you win at Go and do all of these other things? Sure, they may not have that, but you know, they also know how to do all of these other things to close this  technology just because you have technology doesn't necessarily mean you have a product that can go to the end consumer and serve you know hundreds of thousands or millions of people whereas many of those large companies to your point they're experts at the whole package right the final product is successful and we're trying to accomplish. Yeah and they're iterating as well right and they frankly speaking based on the breadth of their operations they are looking for things that are battle tested right so they care about the security of these things because obviously we have  It ended up in a place where it's more of a commodity now than in table stakes for each of the major cloud vendors. So that's where it is today. I mean, you can still be surprised by certain applications of the technology. So for instance, everybody assumed that text-to-speech was commoditized, but in the last week Google announced a novel implementation where to backfill video conferencing, they actually took portions  You need to have a clean signal and do as best as you can. Now you match models and you pair it with machine translation and then at some point in time, you'll expect where you could be an interview in Russian, in Chinese, in French, and talking to me. And in your earpiece, you'll hear it in your native language and vice versa. But there's still some areas where language processing is still a little bit iffy and that's all the metaphors that we tend to use and the jest that we tend to use.  the lens are still like the Googles of the world, right? I mean, even people who are specifically focused on podcast audio to text, they're just not very high quality, right? And what ends up happening to your point is either one, they're too literal, right? So every time I say the word, right, like and um, and all these things get kind of ingested in, and so you get kind of a non-clean version, or they just miss words, right? And it's actually the conversion from audio to text. And so it's been pretty surprising  In the case of voicemails, for instance, one of the things that we discovered is that, you know, when we used to leave more voicemails, and there were a lot of voicemails on our previous platforms, we would rewrite spoken English into written English. And part of that was to remove those pause words, like you mentioned, the ums and the ahs and things of that sort. Yeah, super interesting. Machine learning, what's kind of the lay of the land or, you know, a state of where that technology is? And then how do you see that playing out over the next 10 years or so?  optimizations necessary to ever be put in a heady, large scale implementation, right? And so it's the same thing, right? You may be hearing about all of these advancements in deep learning and in natural language processing and what have you, but in order to take that work, that research and all the ideas that you're hearing and actually put it in such a way and package them so that they could be consumed by these large scale enterprises with tens of millions  the longer we go into the industry, right? Yeah, there's basically three main places you would place AI technology in the workplace, right? And one hand, it's analytics, right? Measuring what you do, right? The second is actually doing the thing that you do, right? So workflows, right? So powering all sorts of workflows. And the third is all manners of human language technologies, right? Because humans are an important part of these workflows and measurements. And then as a result, there has to be easy ways to onboard their intelligence and their  similar. Yeah. I guess there's a running joke, right? AI is what you tell the press and ML is what you tell practitioners. So that's the reality of it. Look, people like me never called it AI, right? It's just something that started taking off just like cloud as a word started taking off. Are you kidding me? I was stumbling. Oh, you know, in our marketing team last time was stumbling over ourselves. We didn't know how to call our hosted speech recognition or client server  they're best at. They'll build the technology, it will improve. We'll get to some of these end states that I think people have been calling for for a while. But where are the applications that you think have either the biggest impacts in the world or that you're most excited about? Oh my God, there's endless applications, right? It would be nice not to have disinformation, right? It would be nice to have smarter chatbots. It would be nice never to be on hold as you call into a contact center and potentially have an AI deal with stuff where we don't have to re-enact  It can optimize things. And for all the folks that are worried about AI removing you from the workforce, and I know we're in a challenging time where a lot of folks are going to be losing their jobs and it's going to take a while until we can literally reboot the economy. But there's more work than there are people, right? And there's more work than we have machines. And these algorithms are still in their nascent stages as well. So we have plenty of opportunities in front of us.  and kind of ingenuity to drive innovation in other areas that have a broader impact than just farming, right? And I think that's somewhat similar here is a lot of the applications I've seen are going after more of the repetitive work, right? Rather than going after replacing lawyers or things that humans are, I think, innately better at the machines, but maybe you're seeing something different. Yeah, look,  everything. And we sound as silly as the head of the patent office, you know, around the turn of the last century who thought that everything that could ever be invented has been invented. Yeah, that's a, that's pretty obnoxious statement. I want to spend some time talking about security for a little bit. So the first is any time that you start to have machines gathering lots of data, I think people are just worried about like, Hey, where's the data get stored? How do you make sure it's secure?  if somebody that had that virus cross paths with you or not. They're really looking for ways of how do you have your cake and eat it too. So how do you have the power of technology to help you in certain regards by finding things or making sure that you're not getting sick while at the same time preserving your privacy. And so I think people are being a lot more thoughtful towards architecting ways of essentially putting bumpers around what you're doing  who would argue artificial intelligence is the greatest risk to humanity. And then there's others who would argue it's the most beneficial thing that could possibly happen. I guess, how do you just think through that trade off and do you give any credence to the whole AI is evil or is a big threat to humanity? Right, so that's like trying to project morality to a hammer, right? If you put a hammer in Ted Bundy's hand versus Jimmy Carter's,  to help you hunt down vaccines. So it really depends on how you use the tool. Yeah. And do you think there's things that we can do to maybe not prevent, but at least disincentivize the negative use cases, right? Kind of to your point of if the technology falls in the wrong people's hands or it's applied in the wrong way, are there things that can be done to try to shepherd us away from that? Or is it just like other technologies where bad people are going to do bad things and good people are going to do good things? Yeah, I think it organically  with the current state and the short to medium term. I think one of the long-term implications that people are paying attention to or long-term applications is things like Neuralink, et cetera, where actually you start to merge the computational power with the human body. And so there's applications that have been discussed of literally taking it, putting it in your brain all the way to some people would argue, you know, something like an Apple watch is starting to get closer and closer, error pods, et cetera. How do you just think about kind of  interesting debate, you know, to see where we end and where they begin and then how do we ensure that it's our influence that's creating these decisions and it's not some sort of external influence. That's a tough one. I mean, it's hard enough for us to eat information responsibly now when it's separate from us. And so that's those are new issues that future generations are going to have to confront. Yeah. And I guess it really begs the question of like,  rather have them do it rather than, you know, Joe Blow in his basement who is kind of untrusted, unchecked, and can kind of do whatever he wants without any transparency. Yeah, that's the paradox, right? I mean, it's sort of like a comic book character, right? Be here long enough and you become a villain, right? So we all remember the nascent stages of the Googles and the Amazons and the Facebooks and everything else where they were considered heroic for helping, you know, communities reach each other  like, how did these technologies impact my life? And it's amazing that the Alexa's, the Google homes have all even Siri have kind of infiltrated in a very consumer friendly way. Cause people realize, Hey, look, this is super helpful. It does provide me solutions. But then I always joke and say, and then they say like a Boston dynamics robot running through the forest. And they're like, Holy shit. The robots are gonna kill us all. And so it's really funny how I think people's perspective is driven by the use case  we can't predict all the bad that's going to happen and it will surprise us as well. Certainly nobody coming outside of New Year's Day expected everything to turn out the way that it did in the first half of this year. And hopefully we have pleasant surprises in front of us, just not unpleasant surprises too. Yeah. One of the other things that really fascinates me around this whole space is the idea of creating automated content, but doing it in reverse.  being present and if so, like how long does it take for us to get to more of that like utopian world that I think everyone is kind of intellectually curious about, but doesn't know if it's actually possible. Yeah, there's really neat use cases for that, right? You had a whole collection of natural language generation startups that would take financial news, for instance. So not all publicly traded companies have analysts covering them. Actually the vast majority of them don't. And so it would actually take  of the outcome of these different matches and what have you and that's what that technology was able to do. And like you said, you know, for every, you know, New York Times bestseller where you can get Samuel L. Jackson to read it, there's plenty of other books and content that it would be nice to have in an audio format. Why? For accessibility purposes. You know, for people to listen to while they're driving, right? If this interview was just in written format, it would be nice to listen to it if it's something that you cared about and you were, you know, driving  technologies and get them building and innovating. What do you see in kind of the talent pipelines and is it better for people who are interested in this to go get trained kind of classically in the traditional education system or is this more of a get on YouTube, watch some videos. And if you're really dedicated you can teach yourself the skill set that that's necessary. I think it's honestly it's all of the above. If you're truly passionate about the work you're going to you're going to be tireless and you're going to consume everything you can think of vis-a-vis formal and formal education.  you know that they just love the work and anybody that loves work, by the way, it doesn't even matter if it's startups. You know, if you're the best plumber in the world, the best electrician in the world, the best cook in the world, you can tell, you know, when we look at your work, right? And I think we have to be a lot more respectful of the different roles that people have in society and say, hey, everybody's work has value. It's not just the AI people. It's not just the startup people. It's not just the bankers. If everything fires on all cylinders and everybody does the  part of you doing your work as well. And so I'm kind of tired of of of these politicians trying to separate us from each other when we actually have to work on all of these things together. By the way, that's how we did the moonshot. That's how we won the Cold War. And that's how we'll solve the pandemic. And so enough of that nonsense that we see in the political sphere. Yeah, I completely agree. In terms of crypto, anything there that you've paid attention to or any thoughts on Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies?  different places where, you know, imagine trying to do that with Bitcoin where we can say, hey, you know what? Now we're going to reallocate Bitcoin to all of the caregivers out there, literally all the doctors and nurses and this and that, or all the people that are out of the work. Now we're going to allocate portions of the blockchain over to them to make sure that they can feed themselves, right? And, and, and pay their rent and utilities and stuff like that. So I don't know how to solve, um, the pro and con because both architectures have their place, right?  and they can have a measured way of rebooting their economy, if you will. That would be a nice way to use centralization, and it would also be nice if they would say, all right, we're gonna backstop the economy for three weeks, we're gonna freeze the stock market so we don't have opportunist hedge fund managers that are shorting everything and causing disaster for our industries, and then we get everybody 80%, we get the economy back to 80%, and then the remaining folks that are still ill at home, we apply all the resources  We had very deterministic and scheduled items for how we're meeting these problems. I think this is why people are curious about all of these new assets and a new way of essentially having a financial