 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have Dan here with me. Super excited to do this. Dan and I have known each other for a little while now, and he may be one of the most important people on the internet. Can I say that? I think so. What's going on, man? Just working away. Absolutely. All right, let's go through your background first, and then we can get into all the different things that you've got going on. But just start with your background.  Dan Bilzerian, DJ Steve Aoki, all these different characters to help build the brand. And then boom, online poker shut down in America. It was called Black Friday. And so I had to figure out what the heck do I do. So I became an AngelVestor and I AngelVest in 36 companies since then. And I started a social media agency and the social media agency is my day job. That's my main focus. Last year we spent $60 million with influencers for products, brands, and mobile apps. And then my main core passion is my charity where we make backpacks for the home  trademarked that. But you probably won't be able to because it's such a big name. It was already a music song. It's already like a thing. Well, I went and looked it up and the trademarks are available. So my attorney filed trademarks all over the world. We spent like 20 grand, which we didn't really have. And we trademarked it. And then we went to a clothing convention. We wrote over a million dollars in orders at the convention. And we were right next to Damon John. Fubo started the same year. We're right next to Damon John and Sean John because Diddy started the same year also. I was like, I didn't know how big they were going to be back then, right?  line is doing well. And obviously we've got kind of multiple millions of dollars there, but the energy drink could be bigger and that's where we should go focus on. So I saw a void in the market. There was 900 energy drinks and they all, they all taste like cop syrup. Nobody enjoyed it. And I looked at the cooler and it was all black cans and silver cans. And so I just noticed that they were all replica Red Bull, but nobody could touch Red Bull because they were multi billions in sales. So I was like, what if I don't make the biggest energy drink? I just make the best tasting one.  on BevNet, they have 900 drinks to choose from. When we won that, it was over. I went into every retailer. I was like, look, this is us. Look, this is us. Hey, we're already in 7-Eleven. We're already in Costco. And I don't really remember out of all those stores I met with ever pitching, like I never asked for a sale. I was just helping them fill out an order form. Like I was explaining that they have to carry us because of this. And so I think that, I don't know if it's cockiness or strength or passion, whatever you want to call it. I sincerely don't remember not being able to sell it. And during that time,  Yeah, so the investment bankers that came to us, they were basically like, if you want to launch an energy drink, you're going to need a little war chest to go fight with Rockstar, Red Bull and Monster. And they were very right, because even when we got orders, you're paying on net 30 or net 60 terms, hopefully, usually net 90. And so Costco would write us an order for a 1.8 million. Sounds great. So you got to come up with 900,000 to make it, ship it two months from now and get paid a month or two later, and then get reorders in between and they haven't paid you for the first time.  that makes sense. And then what was the fascination on the poker side? Because I know you still play poker, do a lot of charity poker stuff, but when did that start? Yeah, so my family always played poker. My uncle won a bunch of championships. My aunt and uncle owned like a small poker room in California. My dad loved it. My mom, like, it was just in the family. And so I played a lot and I started playing pretty high stakes in my 20s playing with and I started meeting all these big business people and celebrities and athletes in these poker games. People I would never normally get to meet. I was meeting at these high stakes  and $8 million a day in revenue, like net. I mean, it's crazy. I started, I was the little engine that could. I had 2.5 million total to start a poker site. And so I leveraged their audiences. They all had big TV shows. So I went and started playing on every TV show in the world. Bill Zarian started playing on TV shows. Aoki started playing. I was training models how to play poker and go have them play on high stakes TV shows just because they're like, what the heck's this girl doing here? She's never played poker before. And so we went out there that way.  different people. But this is when social media was first getting started. We're talking 2011 and 12 when it became, you know, right after the MySpace days now there's some social media platforms. Twitter's just getting around. YouTube is taking off. Like this is that couple of years where we were just like, you know, we weren't all on social media, but we knew of it. Right. And so I started buying posts, but the posts were completely mispriced. Uh, Courtney Kardashian could charge $75,000 for one tweet back then. Right. 25,000, 50,000. Like the numbers were, because we didn't  And I just saw a big arbitrage situation where as I did that, I started getting hit up by friends that owned brands that I didn't have a piece of. And they were like, Hey, can I give you a hundred K or 50 K to go play with to do what you did for your brands? And so that's why I decided to formalize an actual agency out of it. And yeah, the rest was history. Got it. And early on, like, what was the conversations like did the influencers understand, um, how big they would get and kind of really realize how much value they could provide or was it more, Hey, I want to go buy  influencers versus mass appeal versus just a hot guy or hot girl. Like there's just different categories that an influencer that has 200,000 followers that just talks about business finance or just talks about welding or cars, Ford would pay that person way more than they would pay a 5 million follower person. And so I saw that back then. They had no idea from 2012 to 2017, literally no idea. And so I was able to just make up prices and never to take advantage of them. It was just  I get is how much should I charge still to this day, but especially for those years They just don't know like it doesn't matter if it was the Kardashians a fitness influencer a beauty influencer It didn't matter nobody knew because there was no forefathers of influencers Like there was no like guy and every magazine or article that came out I've never seen one out of the hundreds of articles I read never one. It's even close to what the rates actually are never close Can you tell us what the rates are? so  And so a lot of it is just understanding what their audience is like, what do they talk about and will people care? Some brands don't care about any of that stuff. They just want eyeballs like McDonald's. We're never going to sell more burgers. It doesn't matter if you're a Kylogenic, you're going to sell more burgers for them, right? They won't feel it. Nothing that they could feel when they sell billions and billions of billions of burgers, right? They do want more eyeballs. So they would pay actually Burger King is the best example. Burger King used to give me rates that were three to 600% higher than they needed to pay.  How is the pricing work? Right. So like one of the things that really fascinates me is kind of the difference between the brand advertising versus the direct response or actual conversion. Do you see more people wanting to work with influencers on the direct response side or is it just, hey, I want to get my brand out there. I want to get those impressions. Sure. So movie studios and music related companies, they just want as many eyeballs as possible because they don't care. They have a main idea of their audience, but they want everybody to come to the movie. Right. When it comes to  worry that same hat for years because they love it, right? They're not going to buy 60 Yankees hats per year. So the New York Yankees would say, hey, I need to spend a thousand bucks, but I need to do at least two grand or more because otherwise it's a failure. So it's thinking about how much is a person worth to them. And we did campaigns for DraftKings and they knew a player is worth a few hundred dollars to them. So for them, they could spend $500,000 with me in one weekend once. Here's $500,000 just for the weekend.  out $1.8 billion in financing and they don't even have, what is it, like 800,000 downloads? That's insanity. Like actual insanity. And they have household names like Kevin Hart and JLo, like huge characters that they're just not formatting to make it feel real. And they're not making, it's not a social brand, meaning if I watch could be on my phone, I can't share it. It's really strange for somebody as smart as Katzenberg and Meg Whitman. These are very smart humans that have built up huge companies.  their own brands, kind of building companies and going more the entrepreneurship route or is that just kind of misunderstanding what's happening? So influencers that have a stable following, a good following, or a growing following, they should have their own products meant to be what it can't just be another clothing line, right? Like we started talentless. The clothing line was Scott Disick. Millions and millions of dollars of revenue. Fantastic. But he only actually posted once every week or two. It's not him posting all the time. It's us running paid media.  Even if it gets capped, they're gonna make more. Let's say they sold 140,000 of these hoodies and t-shirts That's more to them than what they would have made in paid posts and it's easier for them to post about because let's say they like planes if they make hoodies or sweaters with planes on them, that's more relevant to them then making more less or the same is still worth it to them and Those paid posts won't go away So they can still post for the fashion brands. They can still post for a headphone company, right? They can still do those posts and have  One of the folks with a stickier larger audience. It's not just hey I've got a hundred followers. You can't really build a Business or product out of that sure and the other thing is it's becoming easier and easier Shopify and click funnels. I mean it's so easy to actually spin up a real site. That's actually built out for your audience It's gonna convert well for you before it was like, you know Clicking buttons trying to figure out how to make a good website Shopify and made a really great platform for that also white lady  12,000 they're not dealing with that. You're probably supposed to be pumped, right? You're the influencer. You're supposed to make the content that you create and then have somebody else that's a specialist go sell your shirts for you, deliver them, package them, deal with customer service. So the fact that it's gotten so much easier to do it, you're seeing more and more. That's probably why you're seeing more and more influencers this last year start making products because they're just white labeling. Yeah, makes a ton of sense. And then how did the influencers work together to grow their followings? Right. I think a lot of folks don't realize kind of the  Whatever you did you would do yourself, but then you would also collaborate with other influencers in your field Some of them did crossovers. So some of them were like hey, I'm a funny influencer. You're a beauty influencer Let's make a funny beauty video and we'd leverage each other's audiences. And so that happened a lot It's most critical to do when you're in a niche if you're a fitness influencer a beauty influencer In the car space if you're in the car space and you do stuff with other people that in the car space Those followings are going to interact and want to follow you  all have podcasts that all go on each other's podcasts, etc. And then you also go to even like old school, right? All the CEOs would hang out together, etc. Like this has happened just in multiple forms. And now it's kind of appearing on social media, if you will. Yes. And you'll also notice that certain celebrities are really leveraging it. So you'll see somebody like Kevin Hart or Steve Aoki or The Rock. They'll actually go out and interact with these influencers like Kevin Hart and David Dobrik will make a video together. Steve Aoki,  they die to want to be on TV, right? That is the ultimate goal. Even though a TV show only has 700,000 views and their social following posts, one post will get them 12 million views, that is the end goal. Getting on the big screen, whether it's TV, Netflix, or a movie, is all they care about. Vice versa, the rocks and the Kevin Hart's of the world, they want these influencers to post with them to gain them more following to sell more tickets to their shows. Everybody wins. But it's just like rappers want to be NBA players and NBA players  40 or 50 castings to get that one thing, if ever. And when it happens, even when the show becomes out, that's not anywhere near as big as one post that they could do or how much money they make from their posts. That just adds to them so much credibility and so much, there's so much passion behind it. I really can't explain it. It's intense. Like they want it so bad. Yeah, that's awesome. Speaking of passion, one of the things that many people I think now have come to realize that you do is you've got this massive charity. So maybe describe a little bit about  But our main day-to-day is we ship to homeless shelters or we go out ourselves. So we'll ship to homeless shelters, teen abuse shelters, and women abuse shelters. That's kind of like our mainstay, mostly on the West Coast. And then we'll do a bit in New York, Miami, Chicago. And then we'll ship to orphanages overseas in Tijuana, El Salvador, et cetera. But basically, it's just a backpack with 14 pound of supplies, 150 items, half food and drinks, and the other half is like duct tape or watch, books, sleeping bag, poncho, stuff like that.  your grandfather's charity event, right? So maybe talk a little bit about some of the poker events that you've done on the charity side and some of the other things you've done. Yeah, so the charity poker events are our main thing that we like to do. We do four of those a year. And we like to bring in different celebrities and actors and rappers and athletes to those because it gets the, my rich friends, if you will, to want to donate more because of the scene. So we create a big fun scene for them. We make it easy. We're able to raise six figures per event pretty easily because  two chains, Wiz Khalifa and have this big event for charity. So we'll do sometimes big blowout things for charity as well. And then four times a year, we do it with another charity called Trina's Kids, where we'll do a back to school drive, Thanksgiving food drive, report card day, and a toy drive. And we'll bring a bunch of influencers. So a lot of influencers that I named, they actually come every single time, and they'll support it. And we have these 400 families that bring all their kids. And it's the same families for the last five years.  I don't need them to donate to me because for me, anybody can go make a backpack in their own city with 10 items or 3000 items. They can replicate what I'm doing. So I don't need them to donate to me. I want them to go do stuff. Go feed people or go do a school event or go do a back to school event. Go do your own things to me food drive. Like I post about it so much that I want people to go do it. I don't really solicit funds. It's very rare. I think I've asked three times in eight years to actually donate. Now it's only because of like Puerto Rico. I was like, Hey, I'll put up a kind of, I'll put up a couple hundred grand, but I want to go get way more.  So each one has a different, not only call it niche, but a different reason for it. So Twitter is like a newsfeed. Twitter is where you go. You want to hear Trump yell about something. You want to find out what's going on in the financial markets. You want to see sports or you want to see things. Twitter is like that fast fix and it's really more news oriented, information oriented. Facebook is for the masses. Facebook is where you're going to get your best way to spread out to the masses. But mostly if you're going to spend money because they're restricting the reach there. So if you're spending money, Facebook is fantastic.  and shareable. YouTube is for long form content. So you gotta be a really good creator to do YouTube. You can't just do a phone video and post on YouTube. You can, but it's just not gonna have that much traction or feel to it. YouTube is much more produced. It's really good for long form content and what I call evergreen content that you can make a video now that's still relevant four years from now or 10 years from now. So if you're in the real estate space, you make videos about short sailing or VA loans or whatever, those things flipping a house is still gonna be relevant  anything business related to post there. On Twitter, you can post anything. On Facebook, post anything. And the last platform that really matters is TikTok. So TikTok became all the rage this last year. They spent a couple hundred million dollars with a bunch of my friends in our agencies to get them celebrities posting. And it causes huge snowball which turned into an avalanche. And now it's just unstoppable. The reason is they're the only platform that allows you to share to all the other platforms and is connected to everything. And if anything is there,  platform. It just doesn't. You don't have that situation. Unless something goes viral on Twitter, which is once in a blue moon. TikTok actually allows you to go viral, if you will, by just doing things right. Make good content, use the right hashtags, and you can win. Yeah. And do you feel like most of these content creators are trying to be relevant on every platform or do you see them kind of picking one platform, dominating that, and then maybe adding another and kind of methodically going through it in a sequential way? Or is it just like be everywhere all the time?  They're missing out on what could happen or should happen meaning what if the tick tock goes away or what if Trump says, you know What no more tick tock there. They have this crazy situation with China done or don't with a talk What do you do? If you're your 17 year old kid with 16 million followers on tick tock and you only have a couple thousand everywhere else And so I'm very huge proponent of hey, you built up a big tick tock or YouTube or whatever Cross promote get your other platforms going. You're not gonna get as big on the other platforms, but you need  And many of them were able to cross out and kind of go into the platforms, build an audience, but many of them also didn't make it, right? No, I know a lot of them that didn't make it. Absolutely. So let's talk a little bit about 100 million Academy and kind of what you're doing there. And also the mastermind that you held recently. Let's start with the mastermind. Because I think that a lot of people I spoke with that either went to it or participate in it, they were just blown away by the quality of the event and the amount of knowledge and value that was shared.  I've been seen by over 100 million people. So those were the 22 instructors. So it wasn't just about me and my partner as instructors, because most masterminds, it's all about the one or two instructors, the one or two founders, and everybody else is a guest. So I assigned these instructors actually have to come the whole year. My partner, Joel Marion, he's got one of the biggest email lists in the world, 19 million person email list, $700 million supplement company. And so I wanted him as my partner because one, the business admin he has, but two, he had that passion for the company.  the owner of BeautyCon. All different types of characters to teach Amanda Cerny. So as influencers, celebrities, actors, athletes all in one weekend. And in between there, we had different speakers. So we had the Wolf of Wall Street, Marcus Themonis from The Prophet, Jim Quick, the memory coach. We had Carl Land, so celebrity preacher. He's like Justin Bieber's preacher. And he was one of the best teachers of the whole thing. So we tried to hit every check mark of like, hey, we have a book, we have a book, we have a book, we have a book.  It's the same 22 instructors plus we film hundreds of hours of content with other instructors So we'll invite somebody like pump and say hey Can you come on here? Will you come teach us about business finance and explain to us and we'll film with you for three or four hours? Then we'll go get this instructor to talk about cannabis this instructor to talk about email marketing this instructor to talk about social media Well, we brought on all these people that all teach for three or four hours each and we have hundreds of hours of content now And then the difference is we're actually going live every single day of the week with a different instructor  the  in the world. Colleges were already a big thing. You'd always hear about Mark Cuban and a lot of characters were talking about colleges being so expensive and unrealistic and huge college debt became so unreal. Now, a lot of these colleges will just not reopen or they're going to have much lower attendance because parents are realizing, whoa, I'm paying 40 grand for this place, but she's been learning on Zoom every day and just fine. And maybe I don't need that. Now, the Ivy Leagues are never going to go away because as parents, you're going to still want  did 600 million in protein or 29 email lists or 100 million in cannabis to teach it in a way that we can learn easily realistically. Yeah. And then what type of students are you seeing that actually are coming in and wanting to learn this? Is this people who are replacing college? Is this people kind of out of school who actually have started a company? What do you see there? Yeah. So I actually have a lot of adults. We have a lot of people that are, that have a business. They're an entrepreneur. They own three restaurants or they own a dry cleaner. They have accountants and lawyers and doctors. They have a lot of adults on  sort of creating the content and seeing how students are reacting from it and anything that you've either surprised you or has been a main takeaway. Yeah. The main comments we get is how practical it is because they're actually using it. So I'm like comments this morning, I'm sending in the group chat. Somebody said, Hey, my email open rate went from like whatever the number was 4% to 9%. And just because I did this, this and this, then somebody else in the same hour said, Hey, I had a 23% conversion on my website. I changed the buy now button here, just like you said, and now it's 36% for  to be successful is what I usually hear them say. What they really mean is they want to build an audience online and whether it's to do advertising, is to build a product, or even to one day be a teacher for 100 million in a category or something like that. What's kind of your general advice for them? My main thing I like to say is keep your day job. Because what happens is you need income along the way and you're going to create better content if you have money. You're going to be able to just travel to more places, do more things. And so you don't need to be rich to be an influencer, but you need to have a couple of grand a month just to like cover your  your mind for your content. And what you have to really think is if you can focus on a niche, you will stand out. A beauty influencer is far and away the number one most engaged content, most engaged influencer in the world. It's not close. Then you drop way down and get to fitness influencers. They do extremely well. And then you have everybody else. But from the everybody else's, there's certain pockets, like people that focus on cars or focus on video games or focus on certain beauty, et cetera. Those people, they're going to crush it because  influencers try to replicate some of their type of content and make it for you. Or the dream is go do posts with them or learn from them. Yeah. Why is the beauty segment so highly engaged compared to everything else? So it's because their content starts off with them, no makeup on, in their rawest form, talking through it with them for an hour. And so because of that, people as fans, we believe them. When you notice, if you see a post and they're just the perfect, pretty post, their engagement  When you see them holding up their phone, you feel like you're talking to them and you don't feel like they're trying to sell you. And so you need both. You need some content that's very raw, which is why video influencers do so well, but then they show the finished product. Everybody loves it. So whether you're a business influencer like Gary and you're making this content, people feel comfortable with you during that. And then when you make yourself on stage or you have the big titles, they're not scared of you because now they feel a part of you. And so I would say if you could do that,  and this guy left her for this and this one's dating this one. That behind the scenes is why the Kardashians are so big. We felt like we've grown up with them for the last decade. Love them or hate them, both is valuable to them. Yeah. Do you think that we'll see more people kind of build their audiences off these reality TV shows or is it straight to social media now? So what's tough is there's just too much content available. So when we grew up, the real world was the real world.  Hulu, Netflix, Amazon, Apple, Disney, there's just so many different things. So it's just too hard. The TV side of it is really meant for credibility. Getting on a Netflix show, huge credibility, but on social media, you're going to be able to crush it way more eyeballs. Yeah. The top influencers, if you had to break down their revenue, what do you think the percentage wise advertising versus products they sell versus maybe it's, you know, television or Netflix or something like that? Like, how do you think that revenue breaks down?  10,000 units or something and it's 40 bucks. That's $400,000 revenue. That's not net, but you're gonna make a hundred, 200 grand on that. That's a lot of money. That same influencer is not making six figures most of the time from their paid posts. Now, other influencers, if you're talking about like Jake Paul or Logan Paul, I mean, they're making millions and millions of millions of dollars from their paid posts. But even then, their product brands are doing eight figures compared to making seven figures of paid posts. So I will always say that if you can make a product and make it scalable,  I'm getting mid-sum figures a year in app budgets to pay influencers, but they should then make their own apps and games themselves. And so what happens is they just don't focus on it. And so they'll like do a paid post for an app or they'll do a paid post for a game for me. And then it does well, it gets the top 10, but they don't ever, I don't know why they don't go make their own because they're not going to make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like, I don't know why they don't make their own. And so they're like  kind of a more of a broad audience to actually come up with a physical or digital product versus like a Sam Harris, the meditation app, right? If you were in a financial industry, you can make maybe like a financial planning app or something like that. But the niche almost feels easier to build the digital products than the more broad appeal type influencer. They should try to go get equity. And I know it's interesting to me because the some of these household name celebrities and big influencers should have gone and tried to get equity from these companies. Like you look at Ashton Kutcher, well, he got a little  and 1000,000 influencers all have beauty brands. What she did is an anomaly, right? Why? Why would she successful in others weren't? Because all she cared about. She posted about it every freaking day, every week. And she was actually at the warehouse. She was working with the manufacturer. It's a very small team. There's only seven or eight kids there. It's not some big fancy. They don't have some huge staff. It's fascinating to watch because I watched it from the very beginning. Like it was and watch the headaches from the very beginning of how much traffic crashing their site.  And like long form, they take a year to create and he makes these documentaries. Gets 20 million views per thing. Jeffree Star is this very tall, very flashy makeup artist, covered in painted on makeup. He created a beauty brand doing seven, eight figures revenue. Well, Shane Dawson, Jeffree Star of BFFs made a brand together. They launched it. It's on YouTube. You can actually watch the brand on YouTube. You can watch it on YouTube. You can watch it on YouTube. You can watch it on YouTube. You can watch it on YouTube.  At the same time, they did this launch with a million units of their kits, but also they had upsells of brushes, hoodies, bags, et cetera. The numbers are staggering. Just look at Jeffrey Star, Shane Dawson. It'll blow your mind the numbers. Yeah. I mean, this begs the question though, like is this the future of business, right? Is it going to be now build the audience first, then go build the product versus the historical model of build the product and then go find the audience, right?  in the studio, they should literally be posting snippets all the time for those whole, that whole of four months. Bieber did it best, because he just kept posting snippets behind the scenes, showing him making the album. And so when it came out, it breaks all these records, because people feel a part of the story. People buy into the story way more than the finished product. Yeah, I love that. Before he's finished up, I do some rapid fire questions. And then you could ask me one question to end. What's your favorite book? My favorite book is  and they believe everything and it's scary. Yeah. What about aliens, believer, non-believer? Absolutely. Why? I think it'd be egotistical and cocky for us not to think that. Yeah, that's fair. What one question you have for me to finish up? How do you do it all? So you know everywhere. Listen, before I met Polina three, four years ago, I didn't sleep at all. Now I actually sleep eight hours.  Thank you.