 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have Jeff here. We've got a ton to talk about. You recently wrote a book and have a bunch of really cool ideas that I think that people will be interested in learning about. So thanks for coming on and doing this. Thanks a lot for having me. Yeah. Let's go right through your background first, because you are not an author by trade. So maybe let's start there and and we can then get into some of the ideas.  the front seat of how technology is changing the world. Very cool. And the book, what was kind of the genesis for why to write the book? I looked forward in what's happening with technology and how it's bumping up against an existing system that won't work in the future. And I said, and I thought, my kids won't grow up in the same world I grew up in. The future will not look anything like the past.  to these, they shouldn't. Right? It's just it's just the facts of it. Inflation is when your money loses value and and assets go up in price as a result. Right? Because the purchasing power of your money goes down. So goods and services get more expensive and deflation is the opposite. Your your purchasing power goes up because goods and services get get less expensive. And there's a whole bunch of an emotional context to that. It actually has nothing to do with the facts.  And they might be, right? But I think it's important to detach the emotion from the facts, and then you can debate the facts and build better systems. So let's talk about inflation first, because that's obviously the system that we live in today, the fiat currencies and kind of the economic model. Help us understand like how exactly does inflation work and then what is the reasoning behind it?  you borrow from the bank today, then with inflation, your incomes will rise over time and the money will be worth less, right? And so you pay that money back later on with inflation with dollars that are worth less and the asset prices rise. A good example is a house, my parents bought their first house for, I think it was $69,000 in the seventies. That house is worth 1.5 million.  that has changed the rules.  That phone was only invented not quite 13 years ago. And look at the phone what's on it today. Just about all your apps are free. You use Google for free, Waze for free. It's all free. So you have the power, you have the power more than presidents had 20 years ago, 30 years ago, sitting in the palm of your hands and it's all free. And by the way, it's not deflation bad free.  much an investor in technology. And it's a good thing. Every technology executive I work with is trying to do good in the world and provide more efficiency and better, more abundance using technology. And that comes at the cost of jobs. So that's what's happening overall. And it's accelerating in the world. The only thing masking that is a massive  And here's the thing, this is before COVID. This is before everything. I predicted all of these events before they were happening. COVID accelerates the trend to technology, right? And they take so, or it's Zoom went from 10 million users to 200 million users in a month. How many of those users don't need the same commercial real estate when they come back out of COVID? And so how much change  on massive debt creation and you allow deflation, you have to reset the debt. And that's the problem that central bankers all over the world are facing. They don't know what to do, right? And because this system, and so instead of doing what you, instead of facing the facts, you keep papering over the facts. And every time you paper over the facts, like if you look at the stock market rising because you're juicing the Fed's,  But it also benefits the other portion, right? I actually recently tweeted and said every time that more money is printed the rich people cheer because they know they're going to get richer, right? Because those asset prices will continue to rise over time. Whereas the bottom, you know, 50% or so of Americans, in some cases the bottom 90%, they end up getting hurt and they don't even realize it. So it's almost like you've got one group that understands the rules of the game and the other that doesn't. Did you read Paul Volcker's quote back number eight?  and you and me in our own little economy and it will expand it. So let's say you and I went to school together. I decided to save money. You decided to come out of school and borrow money to spend lavishly, right? You borrowed 500K, I didn't, I tried to save, right? And let's call that year 2002. Your economy, what it looks like to everybody else,  and I go and rent one of those houses. And you believe and everyone looks at you and says, wow, look at how much success you have, right? And then you can't keep up to that and you borrow another million, but you buy another house and then you think, wow, I'm gonna create a business around this. And you employ tons of people and all that leverage is juicing returns and the asset prices are going up the whole time. I'm waiting patiently thinking it's all a host of cards. You can't pay for any of it.  being you doing the same thing. And all of that leverage pushed up by housing prices and my rents kept going up as well. Right. I'm on the other side and it looked like it was really working and then 2008 it comes and banks stop lending to each other because they can't trust the balance sheets. All over the world. The internet connections are global. The central bankers think it's only subprime and it explodes everywhere. And if they don't save the system,  insane amount of wealth disparity. And it's because we're gaining the system. And I guess in that situation then let's go to kind of the new economic model, right? So we're well aware that we're entering a new world, a technology enabled world. In that world, if we're able to switch from inflation to deflation, what's the new world look like? So this is going to break people's brains, but again, that's why it's hard to  Gravity would happen, right? Instead of fighting gravity and pretending you're going to stop it, you would allow that to happen. And actually, capitalism would work perfectly in that system because the people who wanted to work more would create all sorts of value and get paid more. But the people that fell off that treadmill, because jobs are coming out of a society with robotics, AI, everything else, people that wouldn't fall  So the system is so much more fragile now. And so you have governments, and I talked about this in the book, remember I talked about this in the book before this happened, right? Because it's predictable no matter what. There's nothing central governments around the world are going to be able to do to stop technological deflation, nothing. It's a structural difference. And it's like, I use this example quite often,  And think about this. So you have your juicing return because if you actually wrote down the assets and this is an important policy decision too, right? And so it's not good, bad people. There's a whole bunch of people in Twitterland and everything else and saying all these terrible people. If you're in their shoes and you look out and you see we have a global depression coming or we can try to keep this going,  And that would look like subprime. The whole thing would have gone to zero. And so the Fed took that off the balance sheet of people that created the problem and replaced fresh cash. The result of that means the asset prices don't fall like they need to. So as asset prices are automatically juiced and they stay high and they'll go higher because you're destroying the currency underneath.  on top of it because they don't know that it's a structural change.  is the idea of saving actually isn't nearly as valuable as it should be, right? You're basically saving something that's just leaking through the holes in a bucket to some degree. And so when you move to a deflationary environment, what you can actually say to somebody is the money that you are paid, if you save it, over time, you will become wealthier. You will be rewarded for having a low time preference and for saving rather than being incentivized to either become a professional investor or pay somebody to invest your capital.  And I go back to the, and it's in four slices and I can eat for four days. And then I go back to the bank and it's in six slices. And I can't, I'm still hungry. I got my pizza, but it doesn't feed me the same. I got what they said, but they divided it and it doesn't feed me the same.  Let's talk about the transition period between the inflation to deflation, right? So we kind of understand how the existing system works. We understand here's a world that could work better. The transition is, I think, the part that scares the shit out of most people, right? They say- And it should, yeah. Yeah. And so in your opinion, how does that transition most likely happen? And then what is the good parts of the transition? And then what are the scary, bad parts of it?  That's a huge problem, but that's a small problem. The bigger problem of that is politicians get elected with that and blame other people for creating the problem, which creates revolution and war. You can see that in the US political cycle today. You can see it around the world, and it's all caused from the same thing. It's people want to believe somebody, and they'll believe anybody. And it's easier to say it's his fault, rather than to say it's a structural problem. It's easier to blame them.  when that divide becomes too much, those assets will get taken anyways. They won't look, so the rich in that case are deluding themselves if it can go on, because there'll be pitchforks in the street, and then that'll move from country to country. That's what the existing system looks like. If you allowed deflation to happen, if you just said full stock, and so one argument, that's a bad outcome, right?  I would love to say there's a really easy solution and here's what it is. I can't say that right now and nobody can and the people that are saying that are deluding themselves, right? They're not looking at this from a first principle standpoint or looking at the second order and third order consequences of the decisions. But those are the facts where we are. And so I guess in that environment, so if you go with the first one where there's the wars, the revolution,  get out of the debt. So they had to print money like crazy to get out of the debt. And that forced people in the street with no jobs and they couldn't feed themselves. And in that environment, people rise up and say, it's not your fault. It sees people that have the money. It's their fault. And when you've done that, and that's not a big enough thing to retain power, you have to create a bigger enemy outside of your country. So you're right, the first order consequence is rising up in the streets.  on what's changed to be able to avoid that outcome. And I guess then if you go to the second option, which is let the system fail, right? Let the bad companies get flushed out, et cetera. Is the argument that they won't do that because of the short-term pain? That's the argument. The short-term pain, name a politician that does the long-term good, right? It's really difficult to  Yes, it creates a lot of wealth for people that know that early, that are the tons of wealth, but the reset is so severe in the world that it also creates staggering pay. Yeah. And I guess as part of that, is Bitcoin the only answer or is there something like gold, right? That's just kind of more sound money or maybe there's something else like, what do you think the potential solutions or options are? So, so as a policy response right now,  technology, right? And so technology is going to accelerate from here. And that is where the jobs are going to be, but it won't create enough jobs to replace the one that is they're destroying. That's kind of the point. So if you're playing game theory and doing what you could do for an in one economy, double, triple, quadruple down on technology because you build it's a it's the new they used to build roads, right? The roads are now technology lines, right? The backbone of our world  So that would be the policy response that could actually probably make at least the money that you spend make a bigger difference to your economy. And then you wouldn't naturally prop up prices that should fall and it would transition slowly. You're still with the amount of debt in the world, the amount of debt in any economy. You're gonna still have to reset that debt at some point.  Well, that's it. That is the same thing. It's so that's why I say the game right now is in currencies. Right. And so so it's moved from the debt went from technology companies, calm boom, housing to asset bubble after asset bubble after asset bubble and it and that wasn't enough. And each time you needed more debt to replace the problem created before because the structure has changed. Right. And now it's just moved to currencies.  And so that's what's happening in governments all over the world. You're starting to get to, you're starting to get at a critical point where how many zeros can you add to this thing and still trust the foundation of currency and you can't. Yeah. I recently wrote something where I basically said, the magician has been exposed, right? And it's this idea of like the entire economy is built on the fact that 50% or more of the participants in the economy don't understand how money works because if they did raise the Henry's  home, no jobs should be in the labor force. There's no sports on television, right? And so all they can do is they can basically play on social media, they can watch Netflix, or they can pay attention to COVID-19 and economic news, right? And you're probably busy as a result. Yeah. And it's just not that much going on, right? And so this is kind of like prime time. Television is what's going on in the economy and with the virus. And so right at that moment when everyone's paying attention, and also everyone's fearful, you then get  want out of thin air, why do I pay you taxes if you can just create the money anyways? Right. And you start to get more of these like populist type questions where people start to just say, this doesn't make sense to me. Right. And I think that's kind of step one of many, many steps that eventually end up in social unrest. But it's not immediate, but I do think that it all starts with kind of revealing the magic trick and having to do it on a national stage and transparent because you're trying to solve the short term problems. Yeah.  that fire, right? And either you figure out how to fight the fire or you die. And over time, what ends up happening is the people who just learn by doing, that's essentially what's happening here, right? As you're learning by seeing it actually happen. And so not everyone gets educated, but I think more people are educated watching this than probably, you know, previously, like just going to school or something like that. Maybe. And that's why it shows like what you do is so important right now. Because it breaks through the clutter that people are  I don't think the right solution, I don't think the right thing to do is say, what would you have us do? And still make the wrong decision. I understand the problem. I totally understand the problem. I understand where governments have created so much money and they've kicked the can down the road. Remember, Nesem Taleb's quote that sometimes preventing the forest fire creates a bigger fire.  And you know this, but technology runs on Moore's law, which is an exponential pattern. And even if Moore's law ends in a number of cycles, quantum computers, the digitization, AI is moving so fast, you could assume we're gonna have an exponential pattern in technology for a long time to come. Why that matters a lot, I use this to quote before, if you fold a piece of paper 50 times on itself,  thought there's no way it goes to the sun. I had to Google it to see it. All human beings miss exponential patterns. We're bad at it, everybody. Otherwise, you'd have way more guesses that went to the sun, right? So if you looked at the data. So we all are bad at exponential patterns, but we have an exponential pattern underneath technology that's doubling at that rate. And we're looking backwards in time of technology.  Tons of money goes into that and then it collapses, but it keeps doubling. And so what ends up happening is on the first fold of the piece of paper, it looks like nothing. And so if somebody tells you it's gonna, on the second fold, it's gonna be great. Second fold, it looks like nothing. We're on fold 33 right now, if you take those analogs together. Fold 34 doubles the last 50 years.  you would see it really clearly. And if that wasn't bad enough, right, so to prove the point that the old system won't work anymore, that's looking backwards, looking forwards. That's kind of what I put in the book and a lot of people are talking about right now. This was perfectly predictable, right? Perfectly predictable because the amount of debt needed right now to pretend we still live  So it's hard to say these, the next number of years is gonna look very different. It's gonna break anyways, no matter what. If there was a global coordinated effort to say, we're gonna write off some of this, a whole pile of this debt, write it to zero, a whole bunch of people fail, and we're gonna have a new standard like Bretton Woods,  in order to be successful, there's just no way they'll do it because it would involve such incredible global coordination among countries that just don't get along. In a world that the lack of trust is actually coming from the same thing that we talked about before, the lack of trust, when every country needs to manipulate their currency to drive the global jobs agenda, right? Then there's a total lack of trust in currencies and to try to come back together and say,  but that involves complete trust of everyone at the table to kind of coordinate and agree together. The other option is trust no one, right? Which essentially is what Bitcoin is. And the trust no one option means there's going to be no one in control, there's going to be no one in charge, and you actually don't need to trust anyone else because you have the full transparency to verify, you know, kind of blocks, etc. And so you either get 100% trust or you get 100%, you know, no trust.  creates an incentive for somebody to cheat. And so if you look at that through Bretton Woods or anything else, even changing the gold reserve off the, so everyone cooperated, world's in a great place. And then US can't pay Vietnam wars and everything else off the gold standard and causing people not to cooperate  cooperation again and no cooperation. There are lens of the world. It's a simple example would be driving in the carpool lane, right? If everybody, if the carpool lane is only used for people who carpool, it works really well for people who carpool. If a lot of people cheat, then incentive accrues to those people who cheat. And then if nobody catches those people that cheat, everybody cheats, then there's no carpool advantage, right? So, looking through this whole  living in, what's the one thing that would change your mind? Like, is there something that could happen that could change your mind about needing to move into the deflationary world? I don't think so. So if technology is deflationary, and that's not, and when I say if, it is clearly deflationary, right? That's not a guess, it's a fact. And if technology is moving into every industry,  Yeah, it's a really interesting thing. I think that there's the structural challenges, right? Obviously, what you've outlayed in terms of where we are, why it's unsustainable. And then it's very clear as to where we need to go. The big question mark, I think, is that transition period, right? Yeah. Agreed. Yeah, and on the transition period, I just don't see one where there's no social unrest, right?  debate that fact and everything else and prove me wrong on that. I can't see any world where that isn't true, but I'm happy to debate that fact. The other thing is it's just starting. It's gonna get way worse. If you think about how many people that are working from home now will stay working from home. Think about what that looks like. Think about the acceleration to digital  looks like in that because if you need to protect people's wages and you don't need to juice those people's wages to protect a staggering amount of debt that you created in the first place, right? If you don't need to pay them more, just keep up with the treadmill that you put them on in the first place, right? Wouldn't that be a good thing? So next year instead of your Mars bar costing a dollar,  type of questions. Economics isn't about value. It's about scarcity. Right? The air you breathe is the most important thing in your life right now. You don't pay for it. Right? You pay for it if you go diving underwater, where air is scarce. You pay for you might pay for it in Vegas, where if it's if there's lots of smoke in the air or air is polluted, but you don't pay for air because it's abundant and free.  And that's ultimately what it ends up coming down to. Yeah, that's how you do set up. It's a hit of cocaine, right? And you need a bigger hit every time to think eventually the patient dies. Yeah. Before we wrap up, I always do rapid fire questions. What's your most controversial thought in either technology or finance? Yeah, controversial in finance is, is this one of the things that we're doing?  does that take? Low case, the top researchers are saying five years. I think it's going to be longer than 40 years, but that whole trend across that landscape is all going to be deflationary, right? Cause it's going to be more and more and more the entire time, exponentially more than entire time, but say it's a hundred years. It doesn't matter, right? The timeframe. So if that, if that is going to happen, which it's going to happen, then, then, then  blind spots in your own critical thinking. Yeah. This is Daniel Pink, I believe. Right. Daniel Kahneman. Daniel Kahneman. Okay. Got it. Very cool. Believer in Aliens? Yes, no. No? So it would say, do I believe in, in, in other, do I believe in, in life in other worlds? Yes, I guess so. Yeah. It'd be hard to say on how many of the worlds to say no. What is the logic for believing that there is other life?