 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have the one and only Preston here. Thanks for jumping on and doing this. Yeah, no problem. Glad to be here. You have spent most of your career as a lawyer, so you actually can give legal advice to clients, but also tend to be somebody who I think is a constitutional proponent, right, in that you believe the constitution is a law.  happened at the same time because if you work for a big corporate law firm in the middle of a major city, they don't exactly like having their junior associates running around spouting off libertarian opinions and criticizing the government. So that was a fortuitous development. Then after that, I ran that, it was called Monax, it was an enterprise blockchain company. Then after that, went back to law school here in the States, got re-qualified as a lawyer here in the States, opened my own law firm, which focused  for sure. So where I want to start, I think is maybe talk a little bit of just about like, what is libertarian politics? I don't think I've ever heard that term. Explain that a little bit. Sure. So, I mean, you know, libertarianism, right? Generally. So for your listeners, libertarianism is, you know, all the Ron Paul memes, that's libertarianism, for those of you who live on the internet. But generally speaking, libertarianism is a political ideology, which holds that individuals and individual agency are really the most important  And then there are others which are a little more contentious, but in the purest libertarian sense, they would be very open borders, very free markets, very no regulations. So they would say, listen, go build your factories overseas. There's also a nationalist stream which runs through some aspects of libertarianism, which tends to say, well, listen, we actually need to work it, look out for workers and be a little more strategic about how we arrange our supply lines. I tend to be more of that than the total absolutist libertarian. But it's a big church, it's a big tent, and there's room for all kinds of things.  and one of them is losing his mind and, or actually it's not a WOGAK, it's just an NPC. And so he's losing his mind and he's wearing a bow tie, which is black and yellow, which are the traditional libertarian or an Arco capitalist colors. And he's freaking out. He's like, oh my God, the Fed's printing money, and then the next frame over, there's a guy sitting there and he goes, ha ha, money printer go burr. And it's just printing money off like crazy. So libertarians are basically all losing our minds because this is, we're in peak state.  under normal circumstances. Got it. And so I guess let's start with some of those constitutional aspects, right? We're seeing things that I think most people are just jumping up and down and saying, wait a minute, timeout, how is this legal? So everything from the prevention of freedom of assembly, so literally you can't have more than, you know, 10 people or five people all in one location, things like the state of Rhode Island saying we are going to use the police and military to patrol transportation centers in order to  I'm not sure why. I'm going to turn the heat off. I'm going to just do that here. So what? So how do we look at this? So we have constitutional rights in the United States. Everyone's familiar with what those rights are. Those rights include they can't deprive you of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, i.e. a court hearing. The Congress can't make any rules, or any governmental agency for that matter can't make rules, which tell you what you are and aren't allowed to think, what you are and what you don't.  than is necessary to accomplish that interest. And that's known as strict scrutiny review. So what happens is if the if the state creates a rule and let us suppose just for sake of argument, New York says Governor Cuomo is really having a bad day and he writes an executive order and the executive order says I hereby ban all of the things. Andrew Cuomo. And he goes and issues that order. It's a quarantine, right? But just because there's a quarantine on doesn't mean he has the power to ban everything. It means that he has the power to address a compelling government interest.  So most of the orders that we've seen are so economically damaging that I don't actually, so as a libertarian, there are a lot of people who are freaking out about, in libertarian circles, about the use of government power. There was one instance the other day where I was in the deterrence dispensed key base channel and one guy was like, oh no, they're declaring martial law. And I said, no, we're not declaring martial law. What happens is yes, the National Guard is being brought in to set up hospitals, but the military has not been given administration of law enforcement.  is going to last. What might last are some supervision problems around healthcare, and maybe at the borders. There might be increased surveillance there. And of course, the US has an extensive surveillance regime, domestic and international. Domestically, we have a lot of protections built into law to prevent that stuff from being leaked to the government and then used against you in a criminal proceeding or part of a criminal investigation. So there are instances, of course, we've heard, I don't know if you've heard of the term parallel construction, but parallel construction  a bunch of, I don't know, you think a guy is like abusing his, I don't know, let's try to find a good one abusing his cat, right. And so what you decide to do is you see the cat on the front lawn and you decide you're going to break into the house and search the entire house top to bottom, including his underwear drawers. And in the underwear drawer, you find a gram of cocaine. In that hypothetical, if you're investigating the abuse of a cat, and you know where the cat is looking at an underwear drawer, which is this big and finding a gram of cocaine is way  There are similar rules in place for digital searches and digital seizures where judicial authorization, pre-authorization is required before data is handed over to the government. I think it'll be interesting to see whether health data is exempted from that and if so, how. So for example, we're seeing Google now saying, listen, we're tracking people's phones and we're giving the government information, very generalized information about where people are. The government cannot, constitutionally cannot obtain individualized  that to the state. Got it. So something like the Google tracking tool, which I think a lot of people feel at least uncomfortable about basically as long as it is aggregate and anonymized, then it's probably okay. But if for some reason they started to say, here's exactly where Preston has been and handed that to the government, that's where the issues could be introduced. Well, I mean, so you're creating the record as you go, right? So a telephone, these records exist. They're being held, excuse me, they're being held on Google service and other  way to prevent a data security breach is just to not hold the records, never generate the records. Otherwise, once you've generated it, basically it's a honeypot and so it's a big target for some hacker or state actor or someone else to try to obtain. So as we're generating all this information about ourselves and that information is being fed into these big companies, it's creating these vast repositories of data which the government can readily access. They need a reason to do it and they need a reasonable, you know, particularized suspicion or a reasonable, is it reasonable  We're creating these fast rules data. The government's likely to want to get a hold of it. They will need to pass new legislation to do it. So we're going to have to take a very close look at what legislation is introduced in order to ensure that they don't overstep their boundaries. Got it. And then how do we think about this when it comes to individually the effect on me or you and say them ordering us to wear a mask, for example? Where is the constitutional boundaries there? And is it something that people should be worried about yet? Or are we still pretty much operating in  country followed the order. In the U.S. it's been a very decentralized response. There are pluses and negatives to that. On the plus side, the states that were hit early and that acted early appeared to have blunted their infection rates. Washington, California, D.C., for example. D.C. was closed like a week and a half before everybody else was. I think New York closed on the 21st of March. But by sort of March 11th, all of the federal agencies had sent their workers home. All of the Supreme Court had closed. Congress had closed.  And then they brought in the USNS Comfort or Mercy, one of the big hospital ships. I think they've had 110 patients and today or tomorrow is when their surge peak is supposed to happen. So they managed using their local knowledge and local command and control to be very effective in containing the outbreak and eliminating it. So hopefully eliminating it if everything goes according to plan. But it was local, fundamentally. And the states have a lot of power locally when they want to act in an emergency.  you meet this strict scrutiny standard of review. Furthermore, we have something, so basically we have something with free speech and assembly and those types of political rights, expressive political rights. The kinds of restrictions which are allowable will generally be referred to as time, place, and manner restrictions. So for example, they'll say, you know, you can protest and say whatever you want, but you know, you can't do it between, you know, 2 a.m. and 4 a.m. outside of an old folks' home, right?  That's not going to fly because the state isn't allowed to make those kinds of decisions and discriminate on that basis. But the rules of general application, which satisfy strict scrutiny and don't discriminate, are the kind of rules which are going to fly. And when it comes to speech and expression and assembly and other things, we again, we run those same tests and we ask ourselves, necessary for a compelling government interests and that narrow tailored to address that interest. And we ask there are other avenues. And the answer is yes, there are. So the government here is not really, it's in front, yes, it is in front of the government.  It's not unconstitutional because it's a general application. It's not targeting you. And so you're just going to have to live with it. Contrast that with Hialeah versus, I think it's Sarasota. What is it now? No, what is it? Sorry, Hialeah, what's the other case? Versus, what's the name of the case? Anyway, Hialeah is the case. It was a, it was a, it was a Rastafarian church that practiced animal sacrifice. And so what happened was the city passed a health ordinance which prohibited  to cover more circumstances than it needs to. If they said you're, for example, an unconstitutional edict in a quarantine situation would be, you are prohibited from worshiping at home. You are prohibiting from worshiping God, period. That's an unconstitutional edict under quarantine. When the quarantine subsides, after all this is over, all of a sudden the other orders might become unconstitutional because they're presumptively unconstitutional anyway, but only the emergency renders them constitutional. Got it.  the actual hoarding of the medical supplies was not right. And then the third one was he coughed in their direction when they approached him and they basically charged him with like attempted assault or something. And to me- Oh, that's not attempted assault, that is assault. Assault, okay. So like to me, what you end up getting is you get this weird world where it sounds like there's a lot of interpretation, right? You know, at what point is it, hey, you coughed towards me or on me versus you coughed around me and you get some of that stuff. So I don't understand how legally that gets  with the easiest one. Never talk to the FBI. I have a lot of respect for the FBI. Really, I mean, like I have a lot of respect for the FBI. They're extremely professional. They deal with some of the most difficult problems you could possibly imagine and really, really very, very difficult subject matter. But you shouldn't talk to them without the assistance of counsel. It is entirely possible to have a lawyer in a conversation with the FBI and be very fully cooperative with the FBI and have an interaction which ends well for both sides.  But because cooperating is, these guys do this for a living and you don't. And so you can manage this by having a professional in the loop and making sure that that conversation is being managed appropriately. The second issue is the coughing. And that's, coughing in someone's direction is a threat of sorts. It's also an assault when in the context of a disease, it'll be a question of fact for a trial or a fact to decide. So a judge or a jury to really determine whether that was in fact  the very broad designation which applies to pretty much anything that's crossed the state line. So unless the guy grew cotton in his backyard then turned around and forged, weaved that cotton himself into masks with plastic that I don't know he made out of his toenails and then sold it in cardboard box from the tree he has in his garden that he processed himself. It's very likely that these masks that he purchased from somewhere else were done either over the internet and therefore as part of interstate commerce. So first they have the right to intervene in interstate commerce which means  We're going to expect to be compensated. We'll send you the bill and then we can negotiate over how much we should be compensated. And after this is all done, maybe we go to court and have some litigation over it. The solution is not to turn around and start screaming and saying, my constitutional rights, because your constitutional rights, this is an emergency. Your rights, the government is at the absolute apex of its power as long as this emergency continues, which means that your rights sometimes have to get put on the back burner. But they can't just take your stuff and not compensate you. Right. At some point,  basically trying to change behavior when it comes to medical crisis like this and it involves specifically coughing could spread a virus. It'll be interesting. I don't know about the mask stuff is really untested and untried. It'll be interesting to see if states start finding people for it and then whether they convene the state legislatures to go pass these laws. Usually in the US actually we have anti-mask laws. So in Virginia, for example, wearing a mask  for in terms of prohibiting them. So I think it's not too far fetched to imagine that they may require people to wear them if they're in crowded spaces or something like that, at least as a temporary emergency measure. For sure. And then I guess this brings us to businesses, right? Because a lot of what we've talked about so far is on the individual level. But at the business level, how does the Constitution or other laws apply in terms of like government mandated shutdowns and kind of a lot of what we're seeing that's driving that economic slowdown? A lot of it is coming mandated  let's say you had some really dangerous business like a garbage dump and Someone that you were had a licensing authority and all the rest of it and they had the ability to come in and inspect They don't need a search warrant to come in and inspect your premises because you're operating in this highly regulated space So as far as the Fourth Amendment is concerned they can come in look around to kind of tell you what to do Institute codes tell you what to do and and bought and manage and and govern your conduct a little more tightly than they could for a private individual who has  standpoint, here we're looking at blanket orders that apply to everybody irrespective of who is at the helm of a particular business. If we started to see discrimination of any kind, right, so racial, sexual, political, doesn't matter, then we start to move into territory where the government's orders would have to be reexamined. But at the moment, they're just blanket orders and they're done for public health reasons at a time when the state is at the apex of power. So it has to go away for economic reasons. I think the states want to do, but I don't see  who decided they were going to get away from all of this in West Virginia. And they were stopped and turned around at the West Virginia border by a West Virginia state trooper, apparently. So this is, so, and Rhode Island, for example, I think that's a better example, because they were pretty clear. Initially Rhode Island said we don't want, so the People's Republic of Rhode Island is right next door to Connecticut. It's about 30 miles from where I am right now. It's a lovely little state, it's got great sailing, great restaurants, whatever else, very cute, very quintessentially New England. And they decided they didn't want New England.  and immunities clause of the Constitution, which says basically that one state can't discriminate against the citizens of another state. So you can't say in Rhode Island, we're passing a law which says that Rhode Islanders are allowed to smoke weed, but anyone from New York in possession of weed is going to jail, right? That's not how this works. If you're going to extend certain privileges to your own citizens, it has to be for everybody. You have to uniformly apply the laws. And also the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment would apply to that. So Rhode Island, my suspicion is they did the thing against New Yorkers and someone went, dude,  the state roads and they were closing state roads and telling people from out of state, you can't drive around on our state roads, but they weren't doing it on the interstates, which are maintained by the federal government. So everybody's always asked, well, what would happen? And in contagion, right, that movie with Matt Damon. So in that movie, they closed down the interstates, they closed down all the state borders. They didn't do that this time. They didn't do that in the real. And we have to ask ourselves why. I suspect it's because the plague wasn't deadly enough. I think probably it would have happened if it had been, you know,  And so people have been going back and forth on whether tolls should be implemented or instituted here in Connecticut. The same thing applies when you're looking at border controls. You could, if a governor of a state could conceivably order a stay at home order and say, listen, everybody in Connecticut must not leave their homes except for essential travel, which would have the effect of not permitting people to go travel to other states if it were non-essential, because they wouldn't be allowed on that state's roads. But it can't be something which discriminates against other citizens. Florida has discriminated, they said, any flights from Connecticut  But like I see where they were coming from because Connecticut is actually now more of a hotspot I think than New York in certain respects because Fairfield County, which is adjacent to New York, got swamped with New Yorkers leaving New York. And so as a consequence, they're a little bit earlier in the curve than the rest of the Northeast, including New York City and New Jersey. So, you know, I get it. I see why people are doing it. I doubt there will be litigation arising from it because it's basically it's moot and no one's going to care that they couldn't travel through Rhode Island. So it's not really worth it.  When they refer to non-essential travel, they're really referring to people who live in the state. So in terms of trucking and things like that, trucking is not affected, food deliveries are not affected. And that's primarily because it's not the states, it's not really within the state's power to do it, because that's a federal issue. The Commerce Clause says that Congress has the power to regulate that and not the states. So if the states did say, listen, we're closing our borders and no trucking is allowed in, I suspect they'd get a tap on the shoulder from President Trump, or at least one of the Department of Justice's attorneys,  What are the things that they should be thinking through right now from a legal perspective and both from a reporting but also operating their business and all of the federal funds that are flowing, et cetera. Like how are you talking to clients about that right now? Yeah, you know, most clients were a little, most people were a little shell shocked in the first two weeks of this, right? So except for the people who've been prepping like crazy, I have one client who's also prepping, he's like, whatever, don't care. He's going to keep building my business. So I have some clients that are like,  in order to push out their runway to a point where they're comfortable that they'll be able to raise around during the intervening period. Businesses that are revenue neutral are obviously in fairly good shape. Businesses that have storefronts and other things are obviously in not particularly good shape. So that's especially if they're not digitally enabled. So they're struggling really to deal with like taking orders over the phone and things like that. So, you know, for example, in my town, we have a local butcher and that's where we go do most of our shopping. And so they're like they're taking orders over the phone  And sometimes you see people coming in with really strong claims. And this can even be with like business interruption insurance, right? And they'll say, listen, we know that we have this insurance policy and we know that we want to make this claim. But right now is not the time to throw down a retainer and struck counsel and began moving forward on it. So we've seen a lot of companies that even if they're in a decent cashflow position, they don't know the uncertainty is preventing them from actually initiating those actions. When things become a little more certain, I'm very much expecting that  opportunity for software companies to start disrupting paper-based or continue I should say disrupting paper-based businesses. There are a whole bunch of different video conferencing software that's coming out. So we're on Zoom right now. Zoom has taken a lot of heat from the US government, from Google, from the state of New York. Personally, gab.com is launching one next week called on gab, which is just totally, totally sui genera's new offering where you don't even need a gab account. And I've taken a look at it. I've taken it for test drive. It's pretty cool. So I'm looking forward to that and some other things.  a lot of it is more, we won't know for three or four weeks until the dust settles. I think that it'll be interesting to see what happens with rent abatements ordered by states. I think that those are probably constitutionally questionable because they are takings. So the landlords can't simply have their rent taken away without just compensation. There are common law contractual mechanisms that people are going to start to invoke, particularly if these rents and long-term contracts drag on that they can't avail themselves of.  way in the bank. Right. So that's it was it was I considered it a luxury to have that. But basically my first billing cycles as an independent lawyer, I was like, cool, I'm not taking a draw this month. I'm not taking a draw that I want to make sure that I have enough OpEx that if the phone doesn't ring for, you know, 180 days, I'm still I can go into the office, sit there, twiddle my thumbs, shitpost on Twitter, and I can go home and sleep at night. Right. So that to do that, you had to be really, really frugal at the beginning of the practice. And also I couldn't do things like I wasn't running my practice  particularly if there is a second wave of this in the fall and the cities once again have to close down, these businesses are not going to want to be operating or vulnerable, exposed to cities. I think now we see that it's not enough to simply have offices in different cities, right? So if you have a company and you've got offices in Boston, New York, DC, Philadelphia, San Francisco, and Houston, right? All of your offices are currently closed and all of your people are currently locked in their apartments. So they're not really able to do too much.  that you think is noteworthy or worth paying attention to? Yeah, anything on the crypto front that's everything has been COVID. So I haven't actually been looking at crypto too closely. The big one I think was the telegram. The biggest thing of the last month or two was the telegram litigation. So what happened was telegram, the SEC, sorry, the SEC applied for a preliminary injunction against telegram to restrict them or to restrain them from distributing ton tokens to US and global.  of how these transactions should be regulated. So Jay Clayton and the SEC to date haven't really asked for that. They haven't really regulated on the basis that that's the case. So if we've seen, for example, Ethereum totally got a free pass and was allowed 100% through, despite the fact that it was very clearly conducted as an ICO and as an investments program, right? They just said, proof of work, we're not gonna pay attention to it, we're not interested. When the time they got to EOS and block one, you're looking at something which has a little more security like it's launched  definition of security. And if that's the case, it basically means that there is no ICO market in the United States now or ever. So you'll have to proof of work coins, I think, or whatever that might look like. Proof of work issuance is likely to take precedence going forward over proof of stake. Proof of stake has some other issues around securities laws, how staking is treated from an investment contract perspective. But basically the US has sent a really clear signal that if you want to roll a cryptocurrency, you  who practiced in Germany back in like the 1930s and 40s and 50s. And he was also a Marxist philosopher. So he was part of what's known as the Frankfurt School of Critical Theory. And so what he did was he sought to understand psychology and psychological issues that his patients suffered and that ordinary people suffered in the context of the productive pressures placed on them by capitalists. And so it was designed as a critique of capitalism.  sister has a little poodle puppy. I like to say hello to the puppy and play fetch with him. That's what I do. But the pervasive nature of market exchange in our society means that when someone asks, what do you do? It's really what do you do from nine to five? So he examines that in that book and basically says, listen, I think a lot of the anxieties that we have around being human are derived from the fact that we're economic animals and we don't really have a full understanding that we're economic animals. So we're not able to put distance between ourselves and the economics.  Like as a matter of probability, if you listen to someone like Max Tegmark, the math apparently, I'm not a mathematician, I'm an attorney, but apparently the math says the universe is infinite. And if that's true, it means that somewhere, one to the 100th meters from here, there are exact copies of us having the exact same conversation in a Hubble volume that's identical to our own. So they would be aliens just as much as a bacterium on Mars in that respect.  Anyway, this is awesome. Thank you very much. I really appreciate it. For sure. Where can people find you online? I'm Preston J. Byrne, B-Y-R-N-E on Twitter, and you can find everything else from there. Awesome, man. Well, I appreciate it very much. I think people are going to enjoy this. There's a lot of questions circulating around the constitutional nature of what's going on in the world, so I think this will help unpack some of that. Awesome. Thanks very much. Good to talk to you.