 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Ruben here with me. I've known Ruben for a while, and I'm super excited about this because I think, one, he's got a great understanding of a whole bunch of stuff that's going on, and then, two, he's working on some things that could be potential solutions for all of you sitting at home listening to this and might need to get re-skilled. So thanks so much for jumping on and doing this. Thank you for having me on the show, man. It's been a minute. Absolutely. You're in San Francisco, right? San Francisco.  stay in the program but also find a job after that. Anybody can upload their projects. We finish Y Combinator so we're connected to over 4,000 companies so we can send it to the top recruiters and even in the COVID-19 era where some companies aren't hiring, there are companies that are hiring so we can always connect them not just to the recruiters but also individuals themselves. Before this, I worked at three different startups, Alt School which is personalized education, Honor, building out two-sided marketplaces for nurses,  We are the product. This is the product we wish that we had when we were breaking the tape. So when you and I met, I had about a one-way ticket to San Francisco. I knew nobody. Three weeks later, I found a job. I wrote a story about it called Breaking the Stars. Balasya Srinivasan, who talks about COVID, he reached out to me. Mark Andreessen talked about it. So that's how I started developing a big reputation through that blog. And so personal brand has been key for us. And we make sure that everybody in the community that now has over 80,000 people is able to build  those people will find you. You did that, right? And then the podcast, like one, you guys were early in podcasts. It was before I kind of like really took off. And then two was, if I remember correctly, as you guys were starting the podcast, what would happen is people would basically reach out and say, Hey man, thanks so much for the content. But can you help me do X? Can you introduce me to somebody? Can you get me in, you know, an interview at this company, etc. And so it's almost like you built the distribution in the audience before you ever had a product, right?  our buddies, he left and became an engineer at a boot camp called Flatiron School. And Jack Altman, who now is the CEO of Lattice and the brother of Sam Altman for Y Combinator, he was a boot camp grad. And was like, what is this boot camp thing? And so like, just through osmosis and learning it ourselves, we're able to figure it out. So yeah, that's, that's, yeah. Well, and I think the other lesson, right, if people kind of look at the story, both individually, and then what you guys have built is it's all about the propensity for action, right? It's just the fact that you guys would just start things and do things.  10 million Americans that have lost jobs in the last two weeks, which we personally believe is a vast undercount because it doesn't include gig economy workers, freelancers, and more. Also, some states have even stopped reporting their daily unemployment claims at the request of our current administration, which is kind of scary. But what I like to think deeply about is who are these people, right? So it's concentrated mostly in the service sector.  since World War II, and in World War II, something to keep in mind is that the female labor force grew by 6.5 million during the war, which in my opinion is probably the single most important economic event of our lifetime. And so when I see the spike in downloads inside of CareerCon, which we're getting about 15 to 20,000 downloads per month, it's majority women that are mothers that are coming through the platform. And it's super, super interesting to think about.  If you really, I can, I'm not Nostradamus, but I can probably bet that there will be more technology in the future. And if there is more technology in the future, you're probably gonna need to be able to speak the language of tech and engineering and things like that. And so I think there's a huge, huge, huge opportunity to think about how to take advantage of these moments, but people are suffering and it's gonna require more than skill sets. Cause yeah. Yeah. And part of this, I think, right, is look, it's already bad, right? 10 million Americans in two weeks is,  Now we have millions of people, tens of millions probably at the end of this, that are sitting at home unemployed. And part of that is there will be stress financially, there will be challenges, there will be things where people need assistance, relief, etc. But also there will be a group of people who retrain their skills, they switch careers, right? They use this as an opportunity, whether they wanted to do that already or not, they see the opportunity. And so I guess that's really where I want to focus on like, what can  in life are psychological, not technical. Most people don't finish what they start. And as you're going through this process, I tell people a certificate or a degree is not going to get you a job. And neither is learning how to code. The way that you communicate, the way that you tell your story, the way that you brand yourself personally, the projects that you build, the way that you work with other people, pair programming, how you handle the whiteboarding interviews, things like that, all of that type of stuff matters.  that you all can look at on Twitter, where people are tweeting all the time. And during that those 21 days, which are five minutes a day, seconds through the app, they get put into a group called a squad. That's an accountability system. That's a daily reminder that where they can self organize their own study groups to make sure that they start and finish the program or encourage themselves through this process. I think the thing that I really like about what you're bringing up here that a lot of people don't think about is that most people during this process, especially,  Complete the hundred million online courses that people have taken on the internet in the last seven years Yeah, it's really crazy too because I think part of especially we talk technical, right? So let's say that I just had a You know, let's use a kind of an egregious example. So I'm a bartender My bar is now shut down by government mandate. The owner comes to me and says hey you are Unemployed now, I literally can't pay you So I go I get my unemployment claim in now I'm waiting and trying to figure out when is this gonna end? And so I started thinking about  you can do it and kind of you guys provide not only here's where you should go get the training, but here's the support system that goes into that. And it seems to me like that support system may actually be more important in some ways than simply, Hey, put this line of code here, put this line of code there. Right. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. And I think on top of that, if you think about it to your point, people are aware that tech is where the jobs are or where they're going to be, but most people aren't aware of the roles in tech.  And then other people answering it, which creates trust, credibility, creates the network effect, and we get bigger and bigger, bigger and stronger and stronger as more and more people make it through. So yes, support system, the trust of people helping people is absolutely the biggest key. Yeah. And I guess really right now, like as we're seeing the unemployment numbers kind of continue to accelerate, what do you think is likely, right? So you talked a little bit about women are going to be disproportionately affected by this because  There's a reason why companies have like dedicated university recruiting programs, right? But that's only a limited portion of the world. And even if all tech companies have dropped their college degree requirement, it's very difficult for them to identify talent that didn't go to a college background. So when I think about education and the virus, education has changed more in the last two weeks than last 200 years.  is students are now questioning the cost of tuition. I think our education system is gonna really start focusing on becoming outcomes driven where the only reason why people are going to your program, whether it's college, a bootcamp, or self-taught is to get a job. There will be some people that wanna do it just for shits and giggles, which is great, but for the most part, people wanna get money. And so if that's the case, then the things that people were giving people a lot of heat about before this run, income share agreements or deferring  I think that's important. The other thing that is important to understand is that it's not enough to give people a free education. Because in my opinion, I think income share agreements, money back guarantees, all that type of stuff is a temporary solution. Actually, I think the cost of education is going to go down to zero, like it is in most of the world. That's another thing. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to understand. I think that's important to  So you can go through the program. There's different scholarships and things like that because it's not enough to just have access to training. You need additional support sometimes. And so I think those are the main things that I'm thinking about. And I also think what we're going to see is Clay Christensen, rest in peace, he actually already said that half of the colleges were going to go away. And I think that this whole COVID-19 situation is going to accelerate that trend.  million people and there's about a billion people in the world and we're going to reach 10 billion by 2050. Yeah. Well, what's really crazy to me, I think, so there's two pieces in there that kind of immediately one stoked my anger and the other, you know, I think is a great point. The first is the universities are a complete sham in one way, which is most of them are actually asset management firms that have a school. Right. And what I mean by that is they've got a billion plus dollar endowment.  So what happens is like, why do you have that $30 billion endowment? And now there's some that actually will step in and they'll use it the right way and do the right thing, but I think it's just exposing kind of the incentive structure and kind of what it's actually there for and what it's not for. So I think that's the first thing. But then the second thing you said that's really interesting is you said earlier that there's been more innovation in education in the last two weeks and last 200 years. And I think that that's very tied into this idea of outcomes-based education.  to go do it, right? It just feels like those two things where it's previously been thought to be incompatible with each other over time is actually going to be figured out. And this may be the catalyst that does that. Yeah, I think it's a very exciting time. You see the growth of things like Khan Academy, OutSchool, and a bunch of other things like that that are, what I think Khan Academy, I saw an article that said they normally get like $18 million a month.  to  And how, you know, whatever you want to be in the future, you're going to spend a little bit of time from here to here to here. So if there's no loyalty to a school or a company and no loyalty to, yeah, no loyalty to a school or company and the cost of education has gone down, then what becomes valuable is your network of people that are going through this process with you during work. And your identity is not always tied to your role. For some people, it used to be like, I'm a doctor, I'm a lawyer, I work for this big firm.  I think as these people that are leaving work or considering the change start reflecting on what they should do in the labor markets or if there's entrepreneurs that are focused on helping these people, these are the things that you should be thinking about in my opinion. Yeah. And part of this, I think, is a mental shift like you mentioned Bellagio earlier. He was talking about like, look, there's this shift underway from like the Industrial Revolution, right, to now we're entering like the information revolution. Right. And he laid out a whole bunch of things.  you know, they've lost their jobs in that industrial age type company or role. Now all of a sudden they're presented an opportunity to try to make the switch. Now there's short term pain in there, right? Which is really, I think where people are focused on like, how do we, how do we bridge that gap? How do we try to solve some of that pain for them? But ultimately what ends up happening is the ones who choose to make that shift, I think will come out, you know, a year, two, three years later and be in a much better position, right? And I think you guys see that on a daily basis with,  or like with Twitch or whatever, like you see a lot of people that have been laid off from tech companies that are like in a sector that might be travel related that see the opportunity, they got savings saved up. So these aren't just blue collar, you see white collar people as well being like, oh wow, this is a, I've always wanted to do this. Let me figure out how to level up. And I also see employers stepping in as well, which I think is super interesting to understand. There's a great report  assembly where they'll pay all of your things and then they'll hire you at the end which is very interesting. There's another company called Catalyte that's pretty interesting that's doing a lot of staffing models where they'll take the work from the companies and help them learn and then level them up because a lot of these people are doing your talent and the companies that are hiring sometimes are looking for senior talent so there's an on-ramp or some kind of way to standardize that that's going to be interesting and you're seeing more and more companies step up in that regard.  hours a day. Part time is about four, yeah full time is six to 12 hours a day. Part time is about four to six hours a day. The days of the week whether it's five to seven days really depends on which program that you go to and again you can see all these different curriculums at careercrowd.com slash schools but for the most part it's about three to twelve months. There are some programs that have 18 month programs as well but for the most part that's the average. I am seeing in this type of environment more programs  Got it. And I guess, are these things where I'm required to like move? So let's say I'm living in Topeka, Kansas, right? Versus New York City, obviously a little bit different. Or can I do this stuff remote for the most part? Yeah, so that's an interesting question. I think everybody should, you should link to this episode, this report, but we did a report called the State of the Boot Camp Market 2020. And you can actually see the concentration of locations for the boot camps. Most of them are actually in New York and  not just the same outcomes as in person, but even better outcomes than in person. Then we realized that the amount of people that have 10 to $15,000 to pay for a bootcamp upfront is limited. So then you had innovation with income share agreements and deferred tuition and money-back guarantees. And so the short answer is yes, everybody can do it online remotely, which is a blessing in this day and age. But what I'll say about it as well that I think is very interesting  some people do remote learning, go and actually they want to work in an office. Like what's the connection there between the program that they're in to get retrained and then where they end up actually getting a job? I'd say yes and no. So, um, there's two recent episodes of people on CareerCom. There's a black woman that tried to go to college for 10 years. Um, and she went to a bootcamp in person in Atlanta, um, and got a job remotely at Stitch Fix making $98,500. When she came to us, she knew she did not know what code was. She didn't even have a  He landed the job in New York and he moved to New York. And that was going from online to in person. So I wouldn't say those two things are directly correlated. You definitely see people doing online remote or in person, in person. But it really comes down to what you want for your family and your lifestyle, which is why when you download the app, we ask you from day one, what do you want when you fill out the profile and then our technology can get an understanding of what your goal is. And that will create a blueprint for you and give you to people that can get  and they're saying like, it sounds great, but it's just not for me, I just can't do it. Yeah. So on average, we see pay ranges between $70,000 to $100,000, depending on where you locate it. Your locate is what I used to say. But now because of remote work, I'm not telling people that the fastest growing commuters know commute. So if you, you know, land a job somewhere that's paying that you'll get that money. So I think because of COVID-19, salary adjustments are  not college, right? Whether that's self-taught boot camp or whatever. Now the demand is even higher and we know that the university system is not going to be able to keep up with this type of a demand. And that's not taking shots at universities again, but that demand and supply difference is what keeps the price high, right? So there's still competition. With that said, since there's a lot of layoffs, not just from junior talent, see a lot of tech companies dropping talent or reducing salaries. And so now as a junior engineer, you're also competing  to get this job is not because of your coding skills or the certificate or degree that you have. It's being authentically who you are. And this is going to sound super corny. We're all natural as something that's not natural to everyone else. Think deeply about the problems that you've experienced in your life. This is very entrepreneurial too. Think deeply about the problems you've experienced in your life that a company is currently solving or where you could get some experience or where you can be seen as  all million of POMPs listeners right now want to start a coding bootcamp today, just download the Careercom app. And if you try to get a job in 2020 and you don't, the worst thing that happened is that you learned something and you didn't pay any money, which is, you know, knowledge pays the best interest. That's what Ben Franklin said, right? So invest in yourself, right? Take advantage of that. Yeah. And I think part of this, I know you've got some thoughts on like kind of the anti-fragility type mindset, right?  naturally will do it in your free time. You don't look at it as work, et cetera. And people are scared to go after that. Like, oh, that can't be a job, right? And one of the best examples is like the whole, uh, uh, esports stuff. Regga, you brought it up earlier of just like how many parents told their kids, you know, stop playing video games. You gotta go get a job. Now that this kid's making millions of dollars playing video games, right? Uh-huh. I was one of those kids. I remember when I was in high school, I played a game called Conestrite. I wanted to be a pro, pro player. This was before Twitch.  buddy Kahane, he put me onto that book before all this happened. And so, Nassim Taleb talks about being anti-fragile, which is a category of things that not only gain from chaos, but they need it in order to survive and flourish. I do believe that boot camps are anti-fragile and education does thrive during times like this. And when I reflect on the term anti-fragile, it reminds me of the original breaking in the Stardust Post that we wrote.  But before, it was more like TikTok, like entertainment, like let's have a good time, right? Washi talks about making something people want. Now, everybody at Washi is talking about make something people need, right? Because when I picked the companies that I wanted to work for, I wanted to focus on companies that are solving problems that are fundamental to life. And I put on the article, Maslow's hierarchy of needs. And if you look at the three companies that I worked for so far, they are in education, healthcare, and politics.  for one of your listeners that's thinking about picking antifragile categories, think about your own Maslow's hierarchy of needs. If you drew the Maslow's hierarchy of needs, where at the top is about belonging and fulfillment and self-actualization, and I'm not gonna go into that whole thing. My mom's a psychologist, that's why I think about it a lot. But if you focus on housing, the roof over your head, food, education, financing, things like that, what is an area  if you shoot for the moon, even if you miss your land among the stars. And I'm not here to do the Nassim Taleb podcast, which I hope that you're going to be able to do. But just everybody here listening, look up the term anti-fragile. We all know that Black Swan events happens if we study economics and COVID-19 is a Black Swan event. But like Kennedy said, you know, there's the Chinese character for crisis. One stroke is danger. The other one's opportunity, right? So we never want to let  blog post that was basically like, go join the like series A or series B company that most people feel like it's going to be the next Uber, the next Airbnb, the next Facebook, the next, you know, Twitter or whatever. Because what ends up happening is you get inside, it's easy to move around. If you're good, you'll get more responsibility over time. You'll learn from a lot of people. And then you are personally benefiting from the success of the company. So when you go to leave, now you're known as, Oh, he was early at Twitter. He was early at this.  moving fast, it's about your speed of iteration. And if you're an individual that has chosen to work at a company that's growing and iterating quickly, and your rate of learning is growing exponentially, that knowledge, that experience pays off very well. And then if you picked right on top of it, and you get that W on your record, you are essentially not immortal, but like you're like, you're good in the labor force, like you'll be straight, you're not going to go hungry. So you make your way.  the king did with, um, I never thought I would hear that sentence. Right. Yeah. And, uh, it's actually an awesome, awesome post, uh, article talking about automation. Okay. Um, and he talks about how, um, tech is creating and destroying jobs. And if something in black and white will be affected unless something grand and imaginable is done and career karma is our version of that grand and imaginable thing.  and not just flattened the curve, but just completely demolished it. So he committed a billion dollars towards this COVID-19 pandemic. But the other thing that I don't think everybody caught that jumped out to me is he also mentioned, he not only just tweeted that he's gonna donate, he made a Google doc that's transparent, which I think is awesome leadership. You could see where the money's going, but he also said that he's gonna, after this is done, he's gonna focus on girls and girls  access to skill sets or companies, there's certain things that are required in order to live. And so universal basic income for the people that don't know, essentially money given to you by the government so that you can have your basic necessities covered. Alaska currently has this in place. Native American tribes also have this in place. My buddy Michael Tubbs, who's the mayor of Stockton, has run an experiment for universal basic  because we think deeply about like how would he how would we exchange value if money didn't exist? I think it's a really good movie called in time. Bro, it's one of my favorite movies. You know about that movie? It's a good one of my favorite movies, you know, and for the people that don't know about it, it's a movie where money doesn't exist. And the rich people got nothing but time and the poor people are always running out of it. Right. So how do we take our time sitting at home quarantined to invest it and create more time and  they die, right? And it's one of those movies where the first time I ever watched it, a lot of it was over my head. I just didn't understand what was going on, you know, it was entertaining, but whatever. Watched a second time couple of months later, and I was like, wait a minute. And I started to see some of the underlying themes, right? What they were trying to really say, timed his money, all this stuff. By about the third time I watched it, I remember saying like, holy shit, this is probably one of the most prophetic movies ever, in that it really hammers home core concepts  But living stipends currently do exist. And everybody that does download the CareerCom app can be eligible to receive a living stipend. And more and more people are doing this and it can range between $1,000 to $4,000. Even people that are disabled, I think the government already has something called like Vocational Rehabilitation Programs where they'll pay for your education and things like that. But take full advantage of living stipends, just Google it.  is listen to more episodes on POMS podcast because I think it's super important to understand what's happening in the world because it's changing so fast. And we've known each other for a long time for good reason. We're aligned and we understand how things work. And you're always making sure that you're not just benefiting yourself, you're helping others. I encourage them to find other podcasts as well that educate them to sign up to different newsletters, watch some YouTube videos, check out the breaking  I will I'll link to everything I can and then hopefully people will take advantage of what you guys have built. I think it's super important. Where can they find you online? Twitter, anywhere else you can send them? Twitter is the main place. Ruben Harris, R-U-B-E-N-H-A-R-R-I-S, same thing on Instagram. I was on Afro Tech Live today. So sometimes I do some things on Instagram. I have a Snapchat, but I don't really use it. But those are the main places. If you want to send me an email, it's ruben at careercombernet.com.  Instagram for like 10 minutes a day because it's literally like what I say scrolling is the new smoking. I like that. I like that. Well, it's a bad thing, but yeah, it makes sense. But I do scroll a lot on Twitter. That's my guilty pleasure. But it's also like I got to know what's going on. So ever since COVID, I just been glued to it. I had a blocker on Twitter too, but I took it off because I got to know what's going on. I love it, man. Well, listen, I appreciate you taking the time to do this. You guys are building something awesome. So hopefully