 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have the one and only Mr. Ali here. Thanks for doing this. Thanks for having me, Anthony. I feel like we are so close in New York City, but yet so far away with you in Brooklyn and me in Manhattan and just the water separating us with the quarantine. I know. It's crazy. Do you think it's better to be in Brooklyn or Manhattan right now? Well, according to the numbers, they're both bad.  or asset classes that have never been financed before in an institutional way. And then we lend against those assets. So some of the types of things that we finance are perishable produce, YouTube libraries, you know, straightening revenues, e-commerce ad spend, all kinds of sort of off the wall stuff. And in venture capital, we do early stage investing, primarily in FinTech, primarily in sort of newer economies, some of the YouTube economy or the Spotify economy or the Thumbtack economy, et cetera, or anything where  So, can you hear me? I can't hear you. Yep. Okay. Just, just go right from there. We'll, we'll clean it up. So credit markets are pretty broad, right? There's broadly debt and equity.  that there's some sort of covenant in an agreement that gets breached. An example of a covenant might be indirect lending, right? So you always hear like private equity companies are leveling up their businesses. What it might mean is a leveraged buyout occurred, a private equity firm put up $100 million of equity. They borrowed $200 million of equity to complete the transaction of $300 million in total. And one of the covenants of the lender is to say, we're expecting this private equity business to pay our $200 million back plus interest,  speculating. So for example, let's imagine there's something like a mortgage backed security. So there might be a public security that what it does is it owns a building. And there's some equity layer, right, which is like the actual owners of that building. And they may say I own a building, the buildings were the $100 million, and I'm going to put up $20 million of equity, and the debt providers are going to put up $80 million of equity. Now, one of the covenants in that agreement  then the lender says, aha, I need to be secured by 20% of equity. I'm no longer secured by that. And you need to either give me the building, which would be pretty shitty, or you need to raise more equity so that I have more equity cushion. And the problem is when your share price is going down or when your security price is going down and you have to raise more equity, that's like the worst possible time to raise it. And so what you're seeing is credit markets in public markets are reacting more quickly because they're  And I don't know what their bonds are trading at right now, but I said, Hey, I'm going to issue a hundred dollars of debt and I'm going to pay 5% interest on that debt. Yesterday or two months ago, getting paid 5% might've been okay, but Carnival is now riskier. And so, so in my demand is I want to get paid 10%. Well, the way that that would happen is the bond price would go down. So Anthony, if you own a bond that was worth a hundred dollars, that was paying 5%, I would buy it from you for something under a hundred dollars because if I buy it from you,  like that's not so good. If it happens another month, I think it'll maybe be okay. If it happens a third month, that's when you'll start to see stuff break. And the last part is, in private markets, the borrower and lender relationship are maybe a little bit more sort of close knit, where, you know, like if you've securitized your assets, who do you argue with? All your shareholders of the securitization? I don't know. But if you have a private lender and you can call them and say, hey, look, you know, person,  So that's a very different type of relationship and also kind of lender than if you look in the private markets. In the private markets, it's safe to say that in almost all of these relationships, you're talking about one single borrower being a company or corporation, and then there's just one lender per relationship. And maybe a company has multiple lenders, but really it's kind of a one-to-one. You're not seeing any sort of like, hey, I took away from an SPV and then I've got to deal with all the shareholders on the other side of the SPV. It depends.  a lender who that's the whole reason they do this. They're hoping you default because if you default, they get to own equity in your business. And so knowing who your lender is and what your lender sort of goal was is pretty important. You know, and then and then next is also understand the situation your lender is in. So if your lender is exposed to a ton of stuff that's like sort of hitting the fan, that's not so good because they might be acting reaction in a reactionary way. Or if stuff's hitting the fan, you may be the least of their problems and they just  want to take more risks than we need to take. And the other part is, like, let's imagine I have a portfolio company that has an issue. I almost always know more about what's going on with that company than some bank who might be lending to me where they got like my investment committee memo and my data room and all this stuff. But they don't know the actual situation on the ground. They're not in the phone with the company every day. And, and not having leverage gives you like sort of the ability to sort of do what you need to do to make the right decision rather than doing what you need to do with  where you have one lender who's being a total jerk, your other two lenders or four lenders or even five, 10, whatever are being great. And you have to figure out how to navigate all those relationships so that one lender doesn't blow up everything else. But then on the other hand, you might be totally thrilled that you've diversified your capital base, which is something that you often hear. And so, and the last part is understanding, like if you're a private equity owned, you know, Blackstone is sort of a big deal. If they go tell their lender, hey, I believe that if you give me a little bit of flexibility,  What can people do right now to ruin their relationship, right? Or reputation. So like we hear all the time, hey, you could build your reputation over years and years and years. And you can be the greatest person in the world in the bull markets. When the bear market hits, it's really easy to kind of blow up that reputation that you've built by just doing kind of shitty things. From your perspective, like what are the things that are most likely for somebody to do that then leads to kind of the hurt on the reputation side? Is it just not following through with what they're supposed to do or something more complex?  you if you think everything's fine. And you know one way to ruin your reputation or confidence from your lender is to be ignorant. Or you know one temptation that a lot of founders and entrepreneurs have is to show confidence because if you don't show confidence in the market people assume things are worse than they are. I don't think this is the time to do that. I think this is the time to say here's our plan and here's our base case. Here's how we think things are going to affect us. In a good scenario it doesn't affect us or affects us less than we thought.  a loan that's not performing. One thing they may want to do is refinance that loan and say, well, you know, this is a bar that we've worked with for a long time. You know, they're struggling and they already were struggling. And this is a moment that makes it even harder. Let's lend to them again. Let's put a little bit more money out because I'll help them get through this time. You know, in rare cases, that's the right thing to do. But I would say, look, like normally, if you're going to get yelled at for making a bad loan, this is the time that you're not going to get yelled at. Just like cut it off.  your investor in a bad position with their investors. Because those are things that are sort of unforgivable. Yeah. So it sounds like really a lot of the maybe the don't do's are just do what you say you're going to do. Don't be an idiot and tell the truth. Right. Like those are like the big things. And if you do that, everyone kind of understands, hey, look, this is a really bad situation. And we're all in this in various ways. And get ahead of it. Right. I mean, it's pretty. Think about this. It's a lot easier to  and you hope it is and then later you're like, hey, this thing I didn't mention, it went wrong. You have one or two options. Either I didn't tell you about it, even though I knew it might be an issue or two, I didn't think it was an issue and I'm an idiot and now it's an issue, right? So it's just a lose-lose. And so get it. Your investors are seeing so much stuff right now that like they're a lot more tolerant of information. You know, I know for us with our LPs, you know, and  And that's not because one person's wrong or one person's right. It's just, if we all knew what to do, we would all do it. A majority of them, we're gonna have the conversation, say, wow, you're thinking about this the right way, no matter what happens, you've kind of been communicating. So I think just a lot of communication, a lot of realism, and start crappy, and then get better from there. When an investor calls me, I'm telling them all the things that could go wrong, not all the things that are going right. Makes sense. You mentioned the covenants,  now there's a spectrum. So in some cases, you, so if I write a good loan document, a covenant will be broken in the best and the worst of times, because if a covenant was never broken, it was probably too loose of a document. And what inevitably happens in normal times is a portfolio company will, you know, will be operating and something crappy will happen or something they never even expected will happen. And you say, Hey, you've reached the covenant, but I'm either I'm okay with it, because it's not that material.  And then the other is a lender who did it because the whole time they were hoping you'd break a covenant so they could take your business from you. You know, one of the, and so that's always the case. And this is no different, right? So the reason the covenants are in place are one, to bring people to the table. The most important covenants when we're right, when we're investing in a deal is the leading indicator covenants. So we'll often look at cohort analysis and try to do things where if something's going wrong now,  in an ideal world, what you might say is if you're sort of the rational investor, you might look at all these investment opportunities. One investment opportunity is you are going to buy into the equity of a good asset. You know, let's imagine it's a really nice hotel and you say, well, it doesn't have a lot of leverage on it, right? It's a hundred million dollar hotel. The debt is only 50 million of the hundred million. So it's not a lot of leverage. We know that when this is all going to come back, it's probably going to stay in business and the equity is  because if they have 90 of the $100 out and the true value because of COVID went down, let's call it 6%, 8%, if they foreclose the transfer of the asset, the foreclosure, the litigation, the damaged goods are gonna be less valuable than the 90 bucks back and they may be afraid of not getting par. And so they're more likely to work with you because it's no longer the equities problem, it's the equity and the debts problem. So there's all these sort of interpersonal dynamics  vague language is what litigation is made of. So there'll be some version of it. I can imagine there's gonna be certain industries where getting pandemic insurance will be an obligation. For the airline industry, for example, I can imagine on a go forward, there's gonna be like, you know how banks have FDIC insurance, which basically says, well, if you're an FDIC insured bank, you can take deposits. I think there's gonna be some sort of like things similar to that, to the airlines.  insurance that's broker to the government. And then I think one of the interesting things that's happening insurance right now that people have started to see a lot of press on is like if you're an auto insurer, life's pretty good. Most of your assets were, you know, because an insurance company, they make money because you pay them premiums, and then they have a bunch of cash and they invest that cash. And insurance companies are regulated, they're not allowed to do risky things with their cash, because, you know, if your house burns down, you want to make sure the insurance company has the cash to pay you out.  There's a lot of people who have said that they are getting more bullish on going and buying assets now. So whether, you know, Chamath came on the podcast and talked about going look for some good assets. Howard Marks recently wrote a memo talking about that they're buying things where they find value and kind of have switched to a more aggressive stance. What are the types of assets that you think people should be looking for? And I know that there's some debate as to like, do you go look for the good assets or the bad assets and kind of how you think about that.  of market dynamics. I don't really got it. I don't know enough about market dynamics to feel like I'm the person to go do that. In my little world of private credit, I don't think that there's a lot to do yet. For one, covenants are still breaking and April and May will be a lot worse than March and June will probably be bad. And, you know, it's super cool that like, you know, the government's trying to tell us that everything's okay, but it's not, you know, no one's going outside and the world's collapsing.  And then the other thing is a lot of entrepreneurs haven't really reacted to the new reality. I think there's still some sort of optimism and it's good to have optimism, but I don't think like the bid ask has really kind of come to reality yet. So I'm sure in public markets there's stuff to do because there's distress and like, I'm sure Apollo reeds and Blackstone reeds are probably good to buy because if Goldman's letting a Blackstone reed, I'm sure Blackstone's not gonna work with Goldman anymore.  And then they're working on a plan. In some cases, one of the things that's interesting is, right now the world got riskier, so you'd expect spreads to go up. If you have a borrower who is already struggling, the worst thing you can do to them is make them pay more interest payments. So you had this super weird dynamic where sure the risk is going up, so you should be asking for a higher yield, but the company can't pay for it because people aren't buying their thing. By the way, if you're an inventory lender,  I know you and I have kind of talked about this pandemic playbook where basically kind of being decisive and jumping into action early is probably better than waiting. What do you see those companies doing right now that they walk away and say they're doing the right thing? So I mean, so venture kind of went in this cycle of waves, right? So there's one which is the pandemic occurred and venture capitalists sort of view themselves as contrarian thinkers, even though they're not. And they were like, oh, man, markets are down. It's a great time to buy a market.  time sort of doing, you know, making new sales and what hit their growth targets. Some companies lost 90% of the revenue. And okay, so for two to three weeks, that's what you're focused on. And it's not that you don't believe yourself when you say it's good to buy at the bottom of the market. It's just hard to spend your time giving capital to a new company when a company on the board of is in crisis mode. So then what you do that the next week, you know, people kept tweeting or whatever the hell they do. And then people were saying, okay, well, let's look at our fund. How much drive, how do we  plan or hitting close to your plan or growing. In a world where people are going to struggle to grow, like if you're an enterprise software company and you're making sales, it's probably not going to be a lot of sales to be made, right? A CFO is going to be sitting there being like, I can lay off more of my friends or I can buy this cool thing. And if it's not a cost saving thing, you're not going to get it. So, um, there's not going to be a lot of growth, which means a lot of these VC funds had to take their fund and carve out a larger portion than normal for follow on and insider rounds to lead  these sweet bills, probably reduce those, landlord rent payments, probably reduce those. So you literally go into your state, your credit card, corporate credit card, you go into your bank account, you look at every outgoing wire, every outgoing amount and say, what do I not need to pay? And what do I need to pay later? And then you force rank your employees, which is sort of the hard part. And you decide, you know, one, if you had underperformers and companies are notorious for not being good at laying people off or firing people who aren't performing, often because they're founded by a new entrepreneur,  services. How do I lean into those customers? But I would be, you know, if I was an executive on the phone with all my key customers, trying to figure out how I can proactively work with them. So those are, you know, the basics. And then after that, every company is sort of its own snowflake. Yeah, it's really interesting because I think there's the two components, right? You can grow revenue and you can cut costs. But what we actually will see here is some companies will suffer pretty drastically. And some companies will actually  says, hey, you know what, we can't actually have people come in, but we can really ramp up our delivery business, right? And kind of go ghost kitchens, et cetera. Are you seeing kind of that ingenuity from entrepreneurs or are people still in the mode of like, let me get a lay of the land and understand what's happening before I make any rash decisions? I think, you know, it's it sounds cool to say, wow, this is like my moment to play offense while everyone else is playing defense. I think that's right. I think the little look, if you're an entrepreneur,  Because there's so many things that I couldn't have predicted like, you know, okay I didn't know how I didn't know that footwear would be hit harder than apparel generally, you know, that seems like a or I didn't realize how much luxury was gonna get hit, you know, I was talking to another lender and they were saying that their lent their borrowers are struggling because they can't lower their prices and Because they lower their prices it takes away the brand quality Right and then that you know people kind of know that but you get hit harder than you expect  Until then, have the hypothesis and know what the data you would need to see is to go take action on it. But trying to convince yourself you're the smartest person in the room right now, especially if it's your first time going through a crisis, I don't know. It doesn't seem like, be prepared, but don't go too early. Well, and another piece of this, I think, is there's a big difference between what I'll call like the traditional Main Street small business and a technology-enabled kind of venture-backed business.  in a bank account. And so it almost feels like venture-backed businesses just in the mindset of how they grow, that they operate at losses for a while, et cetera, and then have raised money to have these runways, or in a little bit better position than the small businesses that might only have two to three weeks of cash. And if revenue goes to zero, they just can't do it, right? Yeah, I mean, I think that's always been the case. I think we're noticing that. It might change how people choose what companies to join. People might realize, oh my gosh,  you should probably change your career. The SBA is like the DMV of finance and we're sort of seeing that happen now. And on top of that, if you're a bank, you just lose, lose, lose either. You originate small business loans quickly, but it's really hard to do your KYC AML. So you get fined. You do it slowly and you get yelled at for doing it slowly. You decide not to because, and you get yelled at for not doing it or not having an SBA like that.  worth it, do I need to be doing this? And then if you're a bank, you're definitely not going to make a new loan to somebody who isn't already your client, because the KYC and AML of that is so hard. Why would you take the risk? And there's so much fraud that occurs during a crisis that is just not worth potentially getting taken advantage of. I also think it'll change how S&B's bank, I think is my bank SBA license is going to matter soon. Yeah. Is the fraud thing, let me explain that a little bit.  did a bad thing, even though they didn't need to do a bad thing. The first type starts to happen more in times like this. Um, look, if you got laid off and you don't have another job and you're kind of like worried cause your kids are at home. I don't know. What do you, what do you care more about? Like fraud or your kids' safety, um, or kids' food. So yeah, there's going to be more phishing attacks. There's going to be more hackers. There's going to be more fake news. There's going to be more people, you know, trying to, um, commit fraud in the system. If you knew.  much, you know, those loan applications were worth, etc. And the government really wants us to know, you know, like, I think that they're kind of like, you know, there's good data is best. Hope is second best and bad data is worse. We're in hope. Yeah, it's a good way to look at it. Two of the trends that I know that you spend a lot of time on mainly because you guys have portfolio companies is one e commerce and then to kind of ad spend or the average  marketing spend. And you have employees, if you're a big e-commerce company, you might have a warehouse and inventory. By the way, you have your inventory lender who, you know, God knows they don't want your inventory because if you can't sell it, they can't sell it. And then you might have more employees than normal. But by the way, if you have a warehouse, you probably have more cash than the average small business. Maybe. But you can toggle that up and down. If you have a physical retail location, you have your rent, you have a lot of fixed costs that you can't toggle up and down. And on top of that, people can still shop on  In one hand, you could be an e-commerce company and say, oh my God, now's a great time to play offense because I know where the world's going and all my competition's going down. But there's so many competing variables that like, okay, so people are spending less. Maybe they have more time to shop online. People are getting laid off. Maybe demand's going to go down. It's just too hard to know. So I can't give too much confidential information on e-commerce other than those sort of general data points. On advertising,  And different parts of the ad market are going to get hit differently. You know, print, radio, TV, things that are hard to measure and are expensive are going to get really hit. Social, video, just, you know, banner ads, less hit because they're easier to measure and the CPMs are cheaper. And so you can get a better bang for your buck. Um, you know, and then by the way, if you really are something like if you're a peloton or you're Hulu or you're someone like that, you're going to get a better bang for your buck.  CPMs and more bullish on media companies that have exchanges and sell generally lower CPMs snap sells at lower CPM than Instagram That's a bullish comment YouTube sells a lower CPM than Instagram. That's a bullish comment You know thing the other thing is um, you know Spotify people aren't turning off their Spotify subscriptions and the last thing that sort of is an interesting observation is companies are turning people have traditionally looked at  and revenue of a company, that's huge. And so I bet you end up seeing more negotiation and decrease the prices of enterprise often than you see a consumer. Yeah, that makes sense when you put it that way. Does this change you think people's view of kind of ad supported businesses versus subscription businesses? Like kind of what exactly what you're talking about almost changing the way that people think about how they build their business in the future? I think that, you know, enterprise software will probably be thought of as cyclical going forward. I think  thought is Spotify subscription, like whatever your cheapest per utility subscriptions are probably more senior in your consumer cap stack than most people think. So I would probably want to finance someone Spotify subscription before I'd want to be their credit card provider, because I bet you you don't pay your credit card bill, but you still maybe find a way to pay your Spotify bill. The flip side of that argument is you pay your Spotify bill with your credit card. I don't know, maybe, but man, does it feel good to be providing  At some point, if we stay in this quarantine, I wonder if there's an impact on sales that changes their, uh, KAK and LTV calculations. Right. So literally just because you have the million dollars to advertise, if no one's buying your product at some point, do you literally just say, Hey, we're not going to advertise. Right. So it almost like dries up because sales dry up. Yeah. I mean, I think people are definitely going to be start running bearable and base case LTVs. You know, one of the things that people always say, like LTV has become this sort of like, initially,  quadrillion. So I also think that we're going to, I think the last crisis saw a shift towards digital ads. And I think that you're going to see another shift there away from print TV and traditional sources. I don't think people are going to be really doing a lot of billboard ads right now. It doesn't seem like a very good idea. So I think you're going to see somewhat permanent shifts. But I also think that you're going to see companies like the New York Times and other  a Netflix show every single night, right? But it's something that is cheap enough where I couldn't even actually tell you how much it is. Is it nine bucks, 10 bucks, 12 bucks, whatever it is. When you say not watching every night, you're not losing me into that, right? Because I am on Netflix every night right now. Yeah, but it's like, let's say that you've got, I don't know, most people probably have somewhere between four to 10 subscriptions, right? That they're paying for across various services. And some of those, like a Spotify, you probably actually do use every day, right? If you go to the gym, you listen to podcasts, whatever, but then other things you may use once or twice a week.  to watch an hour and a half documentary. I don't know if it'll prove out, but I think that that has to enter the conversation at some point for people who are looking at the subscription-based businesses as well. The Quibi thing will be interesting. I mean, I think a lot of like, I'm not, I don't know Jack about storytelling, except that I always remember, and actually this guy I'm on a board with, kind of put the construct for, built the construct for me. He was like, you know, if you look at a John Grisham book, John Grisham does this awesome thing where he creates like