 All right, guys, bang, bang. I have the one and only Dan Premaq here. Tons to go over. Thanks for jumping on and doing this. Thanks for having me. Let's start first, just your background and kind of what you're doing at Axios now, and then we'll get into the fun stuff. Sure. I think my title at Axios is Business Editor, although it's probably a misnomer. That's kind of when I joined, they asked me what my title should be, and I made that up. There was like six of us at the time, so it's still there. Basically, I started to do a couple of things.  based on  be, you know, up to $1,200 per person depends on on on your etc. But there's basall checks that are mailed to even more if you have kids, in there. That's a big piece of kind of what they would ca steroids. So usually when y insurance, if you lose yo a percentage of what you w This will get people much cases for very low income p  the  the discussion around venture capital and private equity companies. But my understanding is this is mainly like most people would think of it as like a main street business with 500 employees or less. Is that accurate? I think that's who it's mainly aimed at. Again, I mean, this is why we'll get into it. The goal is to keep people employed. I mean, that's the main goal of this is keep people employed, which is why there is another kind of $500 billion set aside for larger companies, 500 people plus. But yeah, this is for 500 and under. So yeah, a lot of mom and pops, but 500 employees a lot, right?  on day one at least, there were some banks who said, we're not gonna participate for various reasons. There were some banks who said, we'll participate, but only for a certain subset of clients. And then some banks who said, anyone and everyone come on in and we'll help you out. What's that look like and kind of what's driving that? It's really, really messy. And in part because the program that was announced was gonna start last Friday. Treasury Secretary Mnuchin said, starting Friday morning, this program's gonna be open. Well, not every bank was ready to go on Friday morning. A lot of the, in part, and it wasn't just the banks, it's not because the banks  You know very very quickly um so it was complicated Bank of America was a good example So they were kind of the first big bank to really come online with this on Friday morning But they announced that you had to have two things you had to have an existing business account with them and then you had to either have also gotten a loan from them at some point or Had a corporate credit card with them if you didn't satisfy both of those things you were out of luck Wells Fargo said you have to be an existing customer and then two days later said you have to be an existing customer and have fewer than 50 employees  take you out to have the business account plus a credit card or taken a loan before. Which they started to back off of a little bit when they got criticism. Yeah, look, part of it, as you say, is risk management. Part of it is also processing, right? If you're an existing customer, whether it's a V of A or Chase or anybody else, they technically do know more about you on day one, right? They just do. They have got a lot of your records on hand so they can process those quicker. And because there was going to be such a rush here, there is a business argument to be made. If you know you're going to get flooded with these things,  should be available. And this is where you and I sort of go back and forth on Twitter of Main Street business, small business, 500 employees or less, pretty understandable. And I could show you five businesses and someone could pick those three match those two don't write that that's pretty clear. But then you get into what about venture businesses, right? So venture capital backed businesses that have 500 employees or less are those part of this private equity, then stuff up and says, well, wait, hold on a second. Like, what about our companies? You kind of spread out from like that core demographic, or target, help me understand, like, where does that lay,  And what the affiliation rule says is if you and I both run venture-backed companies, and we have the same VC firm, we might each only have 100 employees, but as far as the Small Business Association is concerned, we're both controlled by a venture capital firm. How many employees do they indirectly have throughout their entire portfolio? So suddenly my 50 or 100 person business in yours, actually as far as the government's concerned, might have 3,000 employees. And suddenly we don't qualify because we don't have 500 or less employees.  over a dividend or something like that. So McCarthy's people told me last night that they are trying to get additional guidance so that venture backed startups of under 500 employees can qualify for these and can legitimately and the problem of course is it's the banks that would be the ones holding the ball. So what they need to do, they need to say to the banks, don't worry about it. The affiliation rules don't count. Because if I'm a banker, I can't take a venture backed company today and give them a PPP loan and then have the federal government come to me seven months later and say,  which by the way, it might be where Boeing and others get money from, but they're calling this a mid-size lending package. But again, we don't have details on that, but it is the private equity backed companies that are smaller than 500. And it's interesting when we think private equity, we think, you know, KKR and Blackstone and TPG and these huge firms that buy brand name companies that we've all heard. But there is an enormous amount of private equity, particularly in the Midwest, that buys small manufacturing companies, small industrial companies, et cetera, maybe with like 40, 50 employees. Those companies are out of luck in terms of this.  payroll. So I think it's like 90%. And again, don't look at this up. Don't trust me on this and then go apply for a loan. But if you maintain something like 90% of your employee base, then you then it is considered forgivable. I think you have to be able to prove need. But it's interesting when you look at the application documents and not bank specific ones, the recommendation from Treasury and SBA, it's really, really vague what you have to say. It doesn't say you need this money to maintain operations, which would be, oh, okay, wait a minute to keep my  little bit. Maybe we weren't able to hire as fast or lost a customer or whatever, or worried about that in the future. We qualify. Yeah. Is that an intentional use of the word support, do you think? Or is that just something kind of, hey, it was put together quickly and could have been clarified better? I think the purpose of this was to keep as many people on payrolls as humanly possible, as fast as possible. And so to me, and now you and I might disagree about this, but so I think they wanted to cast as wide a net as they possibly could, because I think as far as  It doesn't really care so much about the company. It's almost, I don't want to say it's indifferent to the survival of the company. It's more so trying to save jobs that generally. Well, this particular, the PPP, I mean, it's literally the payroll protection program. I mean, it's explicitly about jobs. Absolutely. Yes. Got it. And so on the bailout side, part of what it seems like is you get these private equity investors who are saying, wait a minute, hold on. Our guys aren't available for this. Why don't we get it? And my position was, well, listen, you guys got tons of dry powder.  that you couldn't get from the private market. Do you agree with that? Disagree with that? How do you see that play out? I agree with it. I think it actually reflects some of the worst of venture capital and private equity, but here's the way I look at it. If you're a venture capital or private equity and you've got a business that is actually struggling, maybe it's a retailer and they've had to shut stores or restaurant chain or whatever else it is, they're looking at this right now and saying the most financially prudent thing for us to do is to lay people off. If we have a retailer and we've had  and the sovereign wealth funds or whatever and say, yeah, we're doing a call down. We need $20 million for company X and we're not doing it to grow the business. We're just doing it to pay people who aren't actually working right now. It's gonna be a, to be honest, A, you could actually get sued for that in theory. But another piece of this is remember, their investors are struggling also in a lot of cases and having liquidity problems. Cause they had a public market portfolio that's been slashed by 30% in the past three weeks. So the last thing they, and you wouldn't be talking about 20 million for 10 million  I think that's definitely true. You've seen it in a few cases like Leonard green a bio firm in LA. But again, if the point of this is to keep people employed, if you want to say, you know what venture capital firms, private equity firms, you're behaving badly, fine. Doesn't change the fact someone's going to lose their job. Yeah. I think it's a really important distinction because you're basically drawing the line between what's everyone optimizing for it. The government is optimizing for safe jobs. The private equity investor is optimizing for return on investment and save the company. Right. And actually those two things are in some cases,  And again, if you're a 400 person private equity back company, again, the maximum loan is 10 million bucks. If $10 million is the difference between living and dying, it's probably not the case. This is still for mostly for small businesses. And the federal government, just from a logistics standpoint, does not want equity in 80,000 small businesses across America. What would you do with that? Yeah. And so I guess then that brings the question of is there concern around the extremists would say, hey, this is nationalizing large corporations.  three weeks ago before the CARES Act was passed, Boeing CEO got asked about this. He said, oh, if there are equity strings attached, we're just not going to take any money. We have all these better options. He never explained what any of the better options were. We asked Boeing repeatedly. No one could quite answer that question because it seems if you had better options, you would take the better options. Like if I have a better option, that's what I usually take. Why wouldn't I? It's a better option. So like, yeah, look, I think the government should. The government had equity stakes, you know, through TARP. It had equity stakes in the auto bailout in certain cases in GM. And yeah, it's an activist  equity or how does that work? Yeah, they ultimately decide to sell it. You know, every situation is different. You know, what you really want is the underlying entity to be stable. But yeah, eventually they sell it and they sell it, you know, either on the open market, theoretically, you can sell it back to the company. Hell, in theory, you can sell it to a private equity firm. But yeah, they eventually sold it and they were very public about it and they did it in pieces, etc. But yeah, once the company is stable and there is a market for it again, the government sells it, hopefully to profit. Yeah. And I guess really this then brings a question of like, okay, we get the first kind of wave of stimulus, $2 trillion,  taxes or not most, but a huge amount of your money off sales and tourism taxes. Your city's been shut down for three weeks, but you're still paying your teachers, your cops, your firemen, your sanitation workers, and everybody the same amount. And you have to balance your budget usually legally if you're a municipality or state and you have bonds that are due. What are you going to do about that? You're going to need a bailout and only one entity in America can print money. The metric I saw or the article was talking about the MTA, how the MTA basically saying like, look, nobody's riding the subway. It's down 90%. Right. If we have 90%  other than recession proof type stuff, right? But actually, does this make people more gun shy or people getting, you know, kind of salivating and say, Hey, we're going to get more aggressive here. We think there's going to be some cheap buys. Like what do you see from a strategy standpoint across different firms? On the venture capital side, on the early stage side, I haven't seen all that much of a change. You know, obviously the mechanics of doing things are different. People aren't talking on planes and hanging out at, you know, YC networking parties anymore. So the mechanics change, but there's actually been a pretty decent amount of VC activity in the last few weeks. And mainly not as much as there was before this, but a decent amount, particularly  new junk bonds, new high yield bonds, which is usually what private equity deals get done with. There've been a lot of these junk bond funds raised in the last couple of weeks, but very little new issuance because remember the banks have to issue it and then they usually syndicated out and find other buyers and they are not at all convinced they can find other buyers right now. Yeah. And I guess really what ends up happening is if all of the over leverage in the private equity companies is just applying more pressure to them getting the relief they need. Because, you know, if you look at some of these retail restaurants or some of these you've made, I mean, we're talking  the  interest payments, which is then rolls back up into the economy. Yeah. What are you seeing on the pension side with like the LPs, right? So you kind of, you got the companies and you get the investors and then you go all the way back out to the LPs. A lot of them are left, especially public pensions, holding kind of this corporate debt or kind of the credit issues. But what are you seeing on that front? We're seeing something called the denominator effect, which we last saw in 2009. And what the denominator effect, basically, if you're a corporate pension or a public pension, your allocation say to venture capital is maybe 5%.  Is that they are saying to to investment firms look we can generally still make capital calls if you have them But in terms of new fundraising new fund commitments you better be best of the best for us to be doing this This is not the time to be raising a new fund There have been a bunch of fund closings announced recently But almost all of those were commitments that were baked in months ago or weeks ago Yeah, the the endowment game is always so funny to me. I tweeted the other day I said I think we're gonna see a lot of exposure of universities basically their asset management firms with just schools right for the tax benefit  schools, they make a lot, a lot of them, not all of them, a lot of them make a lot of money in the summer off the summer programs, which unlike during the regular year where so many people are on scholarship, those summer programs, people generally not exclusively are paying for them. And particularly people from other countries like China are coming in and paying for them. They're, they're possibly facing none of that revenue. And there are, look, there's still legitimate questions if they're opening the doors again in September. And if they don't, what exactly does that mean for them? And by the way, are they going to be opening the door for people from China to come in students? I don't know.  made that there is a difference still between a meeting in Zoom and a meeting face to face that different things happen. Different, you know, you have conversations more organically or different, you know, in a video conversation or on a phone call or in person. I think you just do. As a reporter, I can tell you if I sit down with someone for 30 minutes in a coffee shop, I almost always get more out of that than 30 minutes on the phone or 30 minutes on a video conference. You just do. I think that'll come true in schools too. Plus, as you and I both know, you know, as far as the students are concerned,  because they've had some struggles. WME, which is William Morris Endeavor, which also happens to own Ultimate Fighting Championship and professional bull riding, interestingly, which was supposed to go public last year, wasn't able to, just had to lay off a bunch of people. Just think of what they do. They represent actors and people in the entertainment industry, and there is no entertainment production right now at all. You can't sign someone to a deal when there's nothing to do. So they're having some struggles there, but Silver Lake's looking, I think, at Airbnb as a pretty good opportunity. We don't yet know what the deal terms are on this,  broke loose. So I think like a lot of things, ask me again in six or eight months, hopefully when things are back to normal. I think when I talk to investors on the private and the public side, they all basically say that, you know, Q1 and Q2 of 2020 are just written off, you know, performance good, performance bad, it's irrelevant. We can take nothing from it in terms of how this company is going to perform long term, maybe outside of, you know, an outlier like a Zoom. Yeah, for sure. Carnival Cruise, we just saw the big stake. What's your take there?  Look, there is a business there. People love cruises. I am curious though. You know, when you talk about how the economy will eventually come back and what will open and what won't, and you know, you know, you're where, as you said, the Yankees had. If the Yankees announced in three weeks, you know what? Opening day, we're going to play a game. How many people show up at Yankee Stadium? That goes, you know, exponentially for a cruise line. Yeah. The thing I saw was the Saudis took an 8.2% stake in Carnival. And it's very interesting because you get almost the pricing conversation comes into play, right? It's like, has it been  the bet is really a timing bet on the virus as much to me, as much as it is on the companies. And they're trying to time it out and say, okay, they might be able to start, you know, putting ships out again in, you know, make it up August, July, September, they're making that calculation. I assume the Saudis are, but everyone's just guessing. Nobody has a clue. You're just making your best case scenario. You're seeing this in state governments, you know, budgeting committees are saying, well, best case scenario stores reopen in July 1st worst case scenario. They don't schools come back, schools don't come back. Yeah. The, the once I just caught my eye was, uh,  confidence from that would be extraordinary. One thing though is we still don't really have any sort of answers on how we're going to reopen things because we haven't done the kind of contact tracing that is required that was done in South Korea, that was done in Taiwan. It's unclear how we're going to know when it is quote safe to go back to work. Like, you know, I haven't gotten sick yet. Maybe I have. Right. Maybe I was asymptomatic. But how is anyone going to know how am I going to know that it is safe for me to not get other people sick  and go do what they were doing before, right? It's just a lot of people saying, hey, the world we're going back to is gonna look different, right? Whatever that ends up being. But then that leads to the conversation of how many small businesses can actually survive till June 10th without revenue, right? It just, it feels to me like we're talking double digit percentage of them that don't come back after this. Absolutely. You know, the way I viewed it, I was driving through Boston the other night and obviously it's a weird city right now because it's very, very dark. You know, so many, it was like 8 p.m. so it was dark out,  or just off, right? They're just not operating at all. And you know, it's bad when they've literally boarded up, like, and I'm not talking about like the Saks Fifth Avenue type stuff, I'm talking about literally like the local bar has boarded up their doors and they just don't expect to come back for a while. And there's questions, you know, the commercial landlords, many of whom are actually behaving pretty well, I am giving people deferments on rent or even, or even for giving rent, but they're paying, they still have their mortgages to pay. And so you could also have buildings go bankrupt. You know, in theory, when things come back, it's entirely possible that landlords are going to say,  I see this as a really dark hole. I really do. I see it and we're writing a little bit about this the next couple of days. As I said earlier, the municipal and local government side, it's one thing for quote Detroit to go bankrupt or 40 years ago, New York to go bankrupt. And you say, okay, this is a poorly managed city, a poorly managed county or town, or they had an earthquake or something, but we'll deal with that because the state can backstop it. State's not gonna let town or city go under. But no state has ever dealt with dozens of towns or cities  But you knew you could find it all in this case to be honest in this case the dam has been blown up there there are so many cracks you can't even see the concrete anymore and I I'm a bit apocalyptic about this. I don't quite see outside of a Treatment real soon or a vaccine real soon. So treatment more likely in vaccine best case scenario vaccine is early next year I I see this being It's not even a domino effect It's a bunch of kids playing monopoly and one gets pissed off and kicks over the table and the dog  all of that, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. You saw around the corner. So if we see the massive bailouts all across the place, at what point do people question the currency? And they just say, look, the bread got more expensive from last week to this week. I don't think we're quite there yet, but this is the path to that world if we're going to go to that world, right? It is. I mean, the only saving grace potentially is in the financial crisis, the people looked at it and said, well,  that believe in the Airbnb or Saudis who believe in Carnival that can get us through this and on the specific on the pension fund side and that their public equity values just won't be absolutely demolished. And there will be money. They'll be able to sell stock that can then pay, pay the pensioners or get dividends. They'll pay the pensioners. Yeah. In some weird world, it's almost like the private investors are bailing out the government by plugging some of those holes you talked about, right? So the government doesn't have to step in and print even more money to then go ahead and stop the holes themselves. Absolutely. And I mean, look, that's partially how the system is supposed to work.  reputation. What you're doing now that might not be viewed as in your best short term fiduciary interest, but will it come and pay you back in the end? You know, back in 2001, 2002, after the dot com crash, you saw a lot of venture capital firms decided, granted, sometimes their limited partners had to push them to do this, but they cut the size of their funds. So, you know, they would say it raised $500 million in 1999. And by 2001, they realized, wait a minute, we can't  You know limited partners were on the hook. They were contractually on the hook They paid the money they had to pay and these people now all live in good houses But you know people remember people remember if you act well or you act badly in a crisis I think that's definitely gonna be true for private equity firms as well ultimately Whether you're a startup or your company that's gonna be taken over you can choose who is taking you over and you can always just take the best price or you could choose somebody who you think is a good actor and I I do believe in karma and I believe good actors are going to be paid back in the end for the way they act during this because this is an  On the interweb, you can get the ProRata newsletter at signup.axios.com, and then on Twitter, that's Dan, P-R-I-M-A-C-K. You're one of the most well connected people in tech and finance, so I appreciate you coming on and sharing some of the insights. I think people will enjoy this. Thanks for having me. Appreciate it.