 Bang, bang. I have a special treat for you today. Mr. Robert Kiyosaki himself. I think the best seller ever when it comes to personal finance. Many of you have probably read Rich Dad, Poor Dad. I have. So thanks so much for taking the time to do this, Robert. I'm honored. I was just saying how much I've enjoyed your guests because I learned a lot. If you talk to Caitlin Long tell her, except for that lousy power outage from Wyoming,  of being read simultaneous at that point in my life changed my mindset when it came to finance, money, work, etc. And you wrote the book now what 23, 24 years ago. So first of all, just give us an update on kind of the book itself and kind of the impact it's had. Well, thank you for lumping me together with those books, man. Those are classics. I mean, I read them myself. You trust me, Rich Dad, Poor Dad's a classic at this point too, whether you want  I couldn't spell. Well, that's why they have a spell checker these days. I know. And I tried this one on the one was a male, one was a female. And I said, well, it's a very uncreative person who can't spell a word three or four different ways. I love it. I love it. Well, here's the reason I wanted to talk to you on the podcast today is you have done two things that I think are really important. One is obviously you've been teaching people for 20  of your perspective? Well, obviously we're going for a depression right now. I mean, this pandemic I know is real, but I smell a rat, if you know what I mean. And there's a lot of, you know, a lot of people have been warning. I've been warning it's coming. I've been, you know, most people don't listen. You know, the next book I'm writing is with Jim Rickards, you know, Road to Ruin and Currency Wars. We've been warning people for years.  And then so he balked and then they had an agent of Wall Street on the program with me and she attacked me and I just shined it on. But I'm not an agent for Wall Street. They're a criminal element, Sam was a fed. So that's kind of what I called it. And then was September 2008, Lehman went down, the Dow dropped from 14,000 to zero, I hope.  or Bitcoin fanatic, I have a few. But the reason I endorse Bitcoin is just for one fricking reason. You're not part of the system. I quote you all the time. It's a separation of government and my money. And what I say to people, it's, well, what do you know? You're an old guy. See, I'm very old. I'm coronavirus number one target. I've had pneumonia three times.  is quote unquote broken, it's that the system no longer serves majority of the people. And I think once people kind of realize the system is working as it's designed, that highlights part of the issue. But let's start first with the pension problem. I know you're super passionate about this. I have no more banging of the drum to do. So maybe you can get through to people, but help us understand what exactly is the issue with the pensions and then kind of what do you think plays out over the next 12 to 36 months  Jordan Peterson, I'll listen to it. He says it really well. He says, you know, these professors, because he's a professor also, and he says the reason they need tenure is because they need to be protected. So they sell to the kids, you're weak, you're fragile, you know, you've got to be protected. The government's going to, you know, you got to protect you from the rich. And so that's when these kids are coming out of school. You know, I was a moraine and,  people on earth, they're cowards. Those are the guys that spit on me. They're the hippies of my generation. And they accuse me of being a baby killer and all that stuff. And so when I go to the Vietnam wall, I want to cry because my friends died to get spit on. And now they're leaving an academic system. And they're sending out these kids who are fragile. Nazia Metallica calls those three kinds of people. There's fragile.  I mean, pump, the, the, the, the, uh, every day. And I used to shut my mouth and do what he said. And if, and if, if somebody wasn't hurting my feelings, it didn't mean that they didn't love me. Yeah. Well, and here, I mean, here's a great example of it, right? I said, uh, actually this morning I tweeted something that I said, uh, fortune 500 CEOs that are like begging for these bailouts. All I'm hearing is they're basically like,  for healthcare services and healthcare workers. It's that's a small business owner who says, look, if I don't make a decision here and change my business and adapt, we will die. This business will go under, I'll have to fire all my employees, et cetera. That to me is somebody who's on offense, who's kind of taking responsibility for what they've signed up for, et cetera. The opposite end of that is a lot of the corporate CEOs who are saying, hey, I can't figure out the problem. It's too big of a problem. So have the government come save me. And to me, it's like employees should stand up and say, hey, well, if you can't solve the problem,  out now, you know? So they've, you know, they've corporate credit, you know, they've basically taken AAA corporations, dropped them to triple B next stop is junk. And those are CEOs at Ford Motor Company, AT&T, GE, IBM. They've ripped off not only you and I, they ripped off the pensions, they've ripped off their shareholders and they've ripped off their employees. They're bad leaders, you know?  I just really have no use for them. I'm like good people I'm sure and all this. But how can you screw your own people? That's against the code man. It's against the code. I went to military school, although I had bad grades and I have high SATs. And I got accepted to Naval Academy and Merch Marine Academy. I took Merch Marine Academy because we're the highest paid graduates in the world. And when I graduated four years later, I was being paid like my classmates in 16, I'm making 120,000 K.  about the army says we have the best vehicles in town, the biggest motor pool. The Air Force say they have the best golf courses. And then the Marine stands up and he says, look, boys and girls, there's only one reason you want to be a Marine. We kill people. If you want to save people's lives, join the fucking Coast Guard. You want to kill people, join the Marine Corps.  But being in combat is another. When I came back to Okinawa where the Marine base is and was, was and is, I thought my fellow Marines were pussies. You know, there were supply guys in the rear with the gear and the beer, you know what I mean? Why die, go supply. But I had changed so much. Just, you know, I went to Vietnam twice, but each time I came back, it was transformational. So I really have a heart.  Right. The crisis is going to happen whether you like it or not. We all don't want it to happen, but it's happening. And the crisis being in your head, essentially the way I heard it was you can either let it happen to you and you be the receiver of all of that pain, or you can be responsible and have personal responsibility and basically say, look, I got to navigate this correctly. And if you're really good, not only will you navigate it successfully, but you'll actually come out the other side stronger, wealthier, better positioned than you went into it.  portfolios, tax bonds, mutual funds and ETFs. If you've done that, you're in big trouble. So as you know, if you don't change your thoughts, you don't change your life. And that's why I've been tweeting, I'm so old, I don't know what Twitter is. But anyway, what was the talk? Oh, I said, go to YouTube, man, those are some of the best teachers, all right, too. And they're not getting paid stupid academic rates.  getting thrust into that information age.  and they're pounding their crap out of them. So exactly when I was with Steve Burke of NBC Universal, he was saying the guys, what we're doing, the guys on social media are kicking their butts right now. They don't know what to do. They can't stop us. So that's kind of what I'm talking about. The problem is the average person, because they went to school looking for a job, they can't see what's going on. They're blind. So, and I think it was on your room,  is the models don't change, just the execution does, right? The difference between kind of old school NBC live television to what we're doing now to the kid who's posting a TikTok, you know, six second video. It's all just a guy, Rich Greenfield came on, he said, it's a war for attention. Because everyone talks about streaming wars or movie wars or TV wars. He goes, it's all the same. It's just there's 24 hours in a day. Somebody's gonna sleep about eight hours of those. So you got 16 hours left and we're all competing for the same hours.  Join the Marine Corps. Join the fucking army. Do fucking something. Grow up. Just grow up. If you're hiding out sucking your thumb with mommy and daddy, there's something really wrong with you. Do you know what I mean? There's something lacking in your character. Of course, this is a couple of years. This is when Desert Storm first kicked in, and the son never went into the Marine Corps, because his mother was afraid  But Android, I don't know what you guys call those damn things. But you can't think because you're so afraid. And that's the problem. So one of the things that you've done a fantastic job, I think, teaching people over the years is how money in the economy works, right? Everything from the cashflow quadrant of just get the hell out of the left side and get on the right side of the thing, et cetera. You've literally educated millions of people. For those that don't understand it, the stimulus, I think,  So maybe talk a little bit about what exactly you mean by socialism for corporations or for the rich. Well, I think there's a great book. It's a big book, but you know, get the book is called the creature from Jack O'Lan by my friend, G. Edward Griffin. And this is, I think it's a 1990s, this book came out and he wrote in there, bailout is the name of the game. So the Feds only purpose and the Fed is not a bank. It's a cartel only.  The pandemic is probably real. But then you get so desperate, you'll take the money. It's communism. See what happens, what Edward Griffin says in the creature from Jack O'Lanlan was that when Marx attempted to bring communism to America, the problem was Americans are too tough. The American spirit is too strong. So what Griffin is saying  $1,000 check to but first have to bust your spirit and that's how I was saying to my friend You know send your kid even to the Coast Guard. Let me do something. You know grow up So you get so just but you take that check next stop is communism. So he goes capitalism socialism Communism and you can see it right now because they're gonna bail Boeing out. Guess what the feds gonna take part ownership of Boeing  that's why there's no financial education in schools. And that's why today I'm doing better than ever. I'm making money hand over fist. My biggest problems, I can't get enough inventory of my cash flow gains. It's a good problem, not complaining, but we have to pay extra to air freight them in, stuff like this stuff. But it's a good problem, but we were prepared for it. If you went to school, you're not.  the devaluation of the currency and kind of all of the things that I think the gold bugs and the Bitcoiners have been yelling and screaming about for years, it's here. It's happening right before our eyes. And the sad part is that the people who get hurt the most are the people who are the most vulnerable, right? The people who actually need the most help, they get hurt because they're sitting in cash. They have no real assets. They're getting paid hourly wages that aren't adjusted for inflation, et cetera. And there's nothing they can really do other than educate them.  That's why I wrote Rich Dad Porta back in 97. I created my cash flow board game. It says, our schools don't teach us anything about money, but that's what this book was here in Grunch with Giants. It's not an accident. Grunch stands for gross universal cash ice, and we can see it today. That's what this book is saying. We're shifted from capitalism to socialism. You have Bernie Sanders and AOC and the rest of those cartoons running.  I think I'd be politically correct. Politically correct is the first step of communism. It's called the freedom of speech. If I have to worry about hurting your worthless little feeling, I mean, I'll never go anywhere. You know, what those 72 gender pronouns now, you know, in the Marine Corps, there's only two, he or she, that's it, you know? And if you're not a he or a she, you don't belong in the Marine Corps. Okay, they'll get you.  if you're the president, if you're the head of the Federal Reserve, et cetera, how do you solve the problem or turn it around and then we'll go to the actual individual? But what do you think the solutions really are here or are there none? Well, I think that was a great book written years ago in the 50s was called Atlas Shrugged by Anne Rand. As guys like you and me, we're going into hiding. The capitalists go into hiding as socialists and communists take over the government. So I have several hiding places right now.  the band of brothers. It wasn't lieutenant and sergeant and corporal and other. We were just brothers, man. We were going in to do a very, very dangerous job. I went down three times and I wouldn't be here today without my brothers, you know what I mean? And I come back, I come back, I land at Norton Air Force Base in California and these hippies start spinning on me. I'm going, you know, I should have shot you guys, not the other guys. So I have an attitude problem, Bob.  Why should I care? It's not in my business. So I think a lot of this transgender stuff is spreading hate and anger and frustration at me. I'm very happy liking women. So anyway, I don't understand what's going on in our society. So that's why I think the solution is choose your friends carefully. Get your band of brothers, choose your teachers wisely on YouTube. But you gotta be careful what you put on your head and who's got your back. That's number one, who got your back?  after I can because it never happens.  capital gains versus ordinary income. You know that? I know that. But we have a zombie company called AT&T, you know, IBM, General Electric. They used to be AAA, they're triple B now. Our CEOs are criminals, what they've done to our companies, but they're the best and the brightest from our school system. It's those peacetime leaders. They ripped us off.  Oh, uh, science. Yeah. One of my favorite things that you've ever said is that the great lie of the Federal Reserve is that it's not a bank, it's not federal, and there's no reserves, right? It's kind of the triple, the trifecta, if you will, just the three things that people think it is, none of those three things are actually true. No, and the rest of it's a cartel, like the Medellin cartel, you know, the cocaine dealers, well, they're not much different. They're highly educated people like my  go to waste because that's when the fascist stepped in and the fascist say, oh, we have this thing called the coronavirus. You must have social distancing. You must wear a mask. You know, you can't touch. You can't. I don't know what you can do. You know, I just love Trump. He gets up there and he goes, yeah, you should wear a mask, but I'm not going to. I like that guy. You know, I mean, screw you. I just had Tim Kennedy, who's a Ranger qualified special forces sniper, come on the podcast. And one of the things that he talked about was this whole idea of  suffering and people are desperate, they'll take any violation of their rights, their civil liberties, et cetera, in exchange for that economic kind of safety net, which is what we're seeing occur right now. Well, that's what my rich that always says, you know, those two kinds of people in the world, WIMPs and PIMPs. A WIMP stands for where is my paycheck, sir? And a PIMP is put it in my pocket sugar.  protect my team, I can protect my employees. My employees are flush, they have very high paying jobs. I show my cash status, they know we can pay them. So when the government offered, I don't know, 350 billion or whatever they did the other day, I took it. I just had my CFO fill out the forms, we're gonna take the money. I'm just gonna reinvest it. I don't even be watching my tweets, that's all I say. Take the money, buy gold, silver and Bitcoin. Don't be stupid right now.  with your own individual today in order to weather the storm and also put yourself in a better position for that financial freedom in the future given the macro environment we're in. Well, I think people should watch your last videos with Raul Paul and who was the woman again? She was fantastic. Oh, she was fantastic. I love smart, beautiful women. I just love them. I like pretty stupid women too.  I'm going to go, as 10 for BS. That's like PhD is poor, helpless and desperate. I can't hire these guys. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, talking about their bunch of wimps. Where's my paycheck? I want my benefits. You know, you're going to protect me. No, I don't think so. I think we're on the wrong team here. So when you look out and you say, OK, these people got to get educated. So step one, get on YouTube, get on these platforms, learn from those who are creating a  You say it's the separation of money and government. And that's why I say gold and silver are God's money and Bitcoin is open source people's money. I don't know much beyond that, but I'd rather have that than the dollar. I don't have to mess around with the dollar because that's correct. But most important, this is your greatest asset, your brain, or it's your greatest liability. And if you're in trouble today, then the liability is between your left and your right ear.  but it's gonna be a lot of good real estate coming up. And I pay less taxes. If I have a lot of real estate, I pay no taxes. So it's debt and taxes. That's the main reason. Now, people say, well, aren't you afraid because the markets have crashed, your tenants aren't gonna pay your rent. I said, I understand that, but the government will bail me out. That's called social, you know, that's called what do you call it? Is that me? Anyway, it's basically bail out.  And so I guess really what is interesting about kind of your view of the world now, right, is the real estate you're using as an advantage when it comes to the taxes and debt, and you're able to build, you know, quite a nice real estate portfolio and build a real nice business there. You've got the financial education component, whether it's the radio show, the books, the board game, etc. You've built a great business there. And then it sounds like you're doing at least is gold, silver, and gold.  I'm not gonna just say this much, all right? I don't invest in things I don't understand. In my lifetime, I've started a gold mine in China, big mistake, they took it. So I understand the Chinese men, that CCP, the Chinese Communist Party, I started a silver mine in Argentina. They took that also because the country was going broke. And I've started oil companies. So I've done IPOs, I've done all that stuff.  I don't invest unless I understand it, unless I study it. And you can ask my assistant, I don't even know how to use my cell phone. So this is what I say to all the young people. If you're under 50, you shouldn't look at Bitcoin, because you might be some degree of tech savvy. I have none, okay? My career in gold and silver started in 1972. I was flying in Vietnam off a carrier. And I'm looking at this chart, I'm looking at the news.  shovel or something, you know, it says, hey, you go gold mine. Okay, Marines aren't the brightest guys on earth. You know, show us pictures, we don't get too much. So we take off and we go, we're flying along says, hey, we forgot something. I said, what's that? NVA overran the gold mine. I said, you mean the gold mines and enemy hands guy goes, yeah, so we're flying looks at me like this with typical Marines. That's okay. Let's go get it anyway.  gold, you know? And I look at him and he goes, how do we know if it's gold? He says, I don't know. I thought you knew what gold looked like. I said, no, I thought you did. No, I thought, so there's difficult dumb fucking Marines. We got into an argument because we didn't know what gold looked like because up until 1974, it was illegal for Americans to own gold. So all of a sudden we're sitting in this village and I hear this, ah, ah, ah, ah.  My co-pilot and I are in the back on the boom, but that's okay, hit it. So he starts turning the rotor, you know, and this mud is coming up. It's just pounding us in his face. And we're rocking the damn helicopter trying to get out of the mud. And finally, if it gets in a hover, the two pilots jump in, we switch sides and we take off. So I said, you stupid son of a bitch. Well, you're your stupid son of a bitch. We're flying all the way back to the carrier and we land on the carrier. We step off covered in mud. You know, and the guy said,  It's worth about 1500 today. So, you know, so for young guys like you, it's Bitcoin or it's Ethereum or whatever you guys do. For all guys like me, it's gold and silver. And that's the biggest difference of all. So I have millions in gold and silver kept in another country far, far away. In terms of when you think about like portfolio construction, et cetera, right? How do you think about the gold, silver and Bitcoin  We need to have sound money. And if it's Bitcoin, it's sound. If it's gold and silver are God's money. Bitcoin's people money, open source. You can't mess with it. But as you know, the power is to be able to attempt to mess with it. They'll try and hack you and all this stuff. That's real life. So the reason, I do everything, I have good attorneys and accountants. My goal is far, far away outside this country because if they try and confiscate it,  buying shares, boosting their share price, exiting with stock options, paying capital gains tax versus ordinary income tax. The average person has no idea what I just said. What I'm saying is that you just got ripped off. They just ripped you off. Then our pensions by General Electric shares put it in the pensions. And if they raise interest rates, General Electric goes to junk.  So all of a sudden, the second that you get companies that now are saying, wait a minute, we're not going to do stock buybacks. We're not going to issue the debt. And you get into this weird situation where what happens to the share price? Well, if that buyer of last resort's gone, that's not good. That's probably going to fall. And then you look over at the pension sign, you say, well, who's holding all of that corporate debt that looked really good two years ago, four years ago? Now all of a sudden, I don't know if you want to hold that. A lot of it is the pensions. And so you almost get people hit twice. They're getting hit in their pensions,  coronavirus is real. But you and I knew in September of 2019 that the shadow banking system was bust. People were not showing up to buy them. They weren't showing up to buy commercial papers. We floated this, not me, but my friend's company floated AAA real estate. Nobody showed up to pick up the bond. There was nobody buying this stuff. That's why I'm saying Bob Iger of Disney is now parachuting out Steve Burke of the  stocks are overvalued, you know, severely. Where's all this debt going? We're probably gonna have to drop interest rates at some point. The economy is addicted to stimulus, right? I mean, very simple kind of structural things. But as you went through 2019, then it became, wait a minute, what's going on in the repo markets? Why does that seem like every day they're having to float more and more and more liquidity into the market to make sure that it doesn't seize up? Why are our CEO departures at all time highs, right? Why is Warren Buffett  The freedom of assembly, the right to assemble, they just took that away from us. Just like being PC is the freedom of speech. You get what I mean? They're taken away one by one. And again, let me pump my friend's book here, Road to Ruin. He talks about, he says, that's the fascist state. They're gonna tell you what to do. So if you don't wear that mask, you will be fine. If you don't have social distance, then you'll be fine. I go get a haircut, you will be fine.  50 billion or something like that who ran it bush The same people, you know neil bush of george bush feyn those guys are some of the biggest Elites as as records will call them. They're the elites And they think they're better than us because they went to the best schools and all this And but part of yeah and part of this I think too that uh, especially in the western world, right we get caught up in what's the federal reserve doing or what's the united states doing  Bitcoin, et cetera, of the world. And I think that you end up seeing incredible capital flows to those assets as more and more people wake up to what's happening. Well, I think so. The biggest thing is that I don't trust my government. And what do you do if you don't trust your government? You can turn into what Dazi and Talib calls fragile. And these kids coming out of school, they're so fragile, I can't believe them. I mean, I'd say something, I hurt their feelings. I'm a triggering event, as the only