 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Tim. We've got a lot to cover today. So thanks so much for doing this. My pleasure. Absolutely. You are in Austin, Texas. What's COVID-19 quarantine like down in Texas? So I run a defensive tactics and security consulting company out of out of the property that I live on. I live on land.  everything, it seems like just business as usual. Now those ladies are lucky, man. They got, they like tripled their, their, their square footage. So I love it. But before we get into the conversation, kind of around personal freedoms of liberties, maybe just give us a quick rundown of your background. You've done a whole bunch of different things and then we can get into kind of what sheepdog is as well. Okay. So I guess I have been in like the protecting serving  They gave me a deferred delayed enlistment so I could finish grad school and and then I went in as an 18 x-ray Which is a special forces recruit, which means I get to go straight to special forces Selection and if I get selected after Basic infantry school and airborne school and a couple of preparation schools if I get selected I get to go to special forces training if I finish special forces training I get to go to an ODA. So that was 16 years ago that  playbook about when to grab liberties. So I've been in places like Trinidad, Tobago, and Jamaica and Dominican Republic after horrific earthquakes and tsunamis. And I have seen what governments can do in these times of crisis. And obviously being alive and being an adult during the time of the Patriot Act when 9-11 kicked off. So aside from my military career, I have I'm an entrepreneur. So I own six different businesses.  and how to deal with a situation like we're experiencing right now. So that is my full-time job, that's what I do. The other companies are Range Drop, which is a military apparel line, Whoopi Shoes, which is I think the best kind of tactical shoes out there, and then Relentless, which is a full-body meal supplement replacement system for idiots like me that travel and work a lot.  I fought professionally for 17 years. I fought for the world title and strike force twice. So I fought for the UFC. I fought for strike force. I fought for IFL. I fought for the WC. So the largest fighting organizations on the planet. I was a contender in all of those different fight leagues. And then I did a bunch of television on history channel and discovery channel. I had my own show called hard to kill, which was kind of survival ish dirty jobs meets the  One of my last one of the last flights in From where I was I think there were two flights after the flight that I was on to come back kind of pre covid so I mean I barely snuck in before shutdown of International flights from these places as an aside. I read an article this morning There's a couple that went to the Maldives on their honeymoon and They didn't get on the last flight and so they now are the only people at the resort But they're having to continue to pay every night  conversation around you are one of the strongest proponents and most vocal proponents of kind of the American ideals, American freedoms, et cetera. You've literally dedicated your life in various ways to either one protecting that right as kind of a direct action in military, et cetera, but also to through sheepdog and the training you guys do training both law enforcement and also just average Americans on how to protect themselves, their families and those ideals. But you mentioned this idea that during time  they were hurting and they really had no esprit de corps about who they were in an identity. And well, I think 90-95 percent of Germans in 1943 would be against the gassing of Jews. They were carried in this momentum and this power and this thrust of nationalism versus patriotism. Those are kind of different things. And also the cry of  There was fear and even some of the same fears that we have right now is, am I gonna have money to pay for my food? Am I gonna have money to pay for my home? Am I gonna have money to pay for clothes for my kid to go to school? Those same fears existed then. And the Germans, the German people were running for solutions and they didn't know what those were. And up came lots of different possibilities. And one of those was the National Socialist Party, which was led by  Money just doesn't come from nowhere. They're like, ah, we now have free education or we now have free healthcare. If it's free, that means they took it from somebody. Freedoms are one of the most difficult things to perceive as a commodity. Food and education and healthcare, those aren't these existential concepts. Those are tangible things that we can pick up.  where we have seen through economic crisis, people give up their civil liberties because they think they're trying to find a better solution. But that better solution ends up being this more of this like horrific nightmare where you're living in purgatory where like, oh, I don't know if I have enough money for food. Now it's like, not only do I not have enough money, I'm not allowed to go buy it. I have to go wait in line in front of a store with 2000 people in front of me for a chance to get some because the government is going to provide it.  kind of the hyperinflation, what it's really doing is just stealing the wealth of the average citizen and it's enriching people who own the real assets, the government or the dictator, et cetera. And so I think what you're really talking about is less about the structural economic things that are done because those aren't really immediately seen by the population. They just know, hey, bread's a little bit more expensive than it was yesterday. And after a couple of months of that, they realize, wait a second, it's doubled in price. But the things that are really, really, I think, aggressive  eventually caught them and arrested them, but just kind of your take on it was like, hey, enjoy your 60 day free trial of communism. So like, what's kind of the thoughts there? Well, there was some great response where like people like yourself recognize that. So communism, unless you've been to places that are socialist or communist nature, I'm not talking like, you know, people talk about Sweden or Finland or Denmark is that that's all I'm talking about. I'm talking about like the Taliban.  So that it's fair and even for everybody. There's some two inherent problems with that. One, it removes all individual motivation for success. So I have no incentive to go and be successful at something because if I'm incentivized and I get more than the next person, they have to take that away from me so the next guy next to me gets the same amount, regardless of how much work he did. So that removes my initiative and my incentive to go do something.  Not for you, not for you necessarily. I don't care if your grandma is going through chemo and you're the caretaker and you live in Beaumont and you're trying to get to Shreveport. That's not my problem. Really, this is just for everybody. So you're just going to have to let your grandma die because we care about everybody, not you. So Paddle Border, LA. It's cool that you're bringing up LA because that had another specific example of a direct infringement. The LA County Sheriff,  have to allow these guys to continue to operate business. And we do view these as essential businesses. Even more hilarious is he circumvented that and tried to go through a court of appeals within California to then limit what they were allowed to do. And then he sent business inspectors to make sure that those specific businesses were following the CDC, WHO and state guidelines. So then they could shut them down  like a thousand meters, you know, like just over a half a mile, three quarters of a mile. And there's lifeguards trying to come in, there's LA County Sheriff's deputies on the beach with bull horns, there's an LA County boat cruising out on the far side of the breakers. And the crime this dude committed was he was paddle boarding. So if we're going to try and  Like, oh, with this great responsibility at the end of these trying times, I promise I will give all of this power back. And then he's electrocuting people with his fingers, right? Like, metaphorically, that's hilarious. In reality, and historically, that is exactly what happens every single time. Somebody gets power, it's never giving back. And they accept in times of these extreme circumstances, it's always incremental.  against until something like this happens. Then the government goes, this is a great opportunity to take whatever we can because it's like one, it's like, it's all you can eat buffet. Give me the first amendment, give me the second amendment, give me the third amendment. Matter of fact, I'll just go through every single one of them and grab as much as I can at this moment because people are in fear and people do dumb things when they're scared. Yeah. One of the things that is really interesting. So you talked about kind of that Louisiana, Texas border, right? One of the other examples is in Rhode Island.  for New York, but maybe like the Yankees or like the Jets or something. And we should take that and have that showing onto everybody's shirts and like, but like in a yellow material, maybe even like a star. Maybe not even like the New York Yankees thing. Maybe just like a star, like a star of David, just have them showing on their shirts. So then we know who they are and we can just go grab them up. Nobody's ever thought of that before. No, no. So if you then take it a step further, right? Cause I agree with you that like the paddleboard thing is like  tracker on your ankle and therefore we'll know if you leave quarantine or not. It just feels like the lawyers are going to have a field day with this stuff once it's all over. Yeah. I hope they do. Um, while I hate that we're in a litigious era of society and I think that is another way that we're kind of eroding, um, all for anytime you enact a new law or set a new precedent, an old one has to go away. Um, you know, like any, anytime you keep adding onto this, you like you, you get this  Those are incidental examples that they're like that is not a representation of the greater community. The greater community is trying to do the right thing. But when you take individual examples and use that individual example to circumvent law and then try to take the larger population and erode their freedoms or their rights because of one idiot and the greater people are letting that happen.  you contract coronavirus, right? That's a choice you made, you got infected and you have to deal with the ramifications. And so I think that there's this debate across society, right? At what point are you endangering other people versus just endangering yourself? And when you overlay the personal responsibility, most people actually are doing the right thing. But these, you know, I call them like their stupidity and there's just douche bags. And being stupid or being a douche bag isn't illegal. It's just you're stupid or you're a douche bag.  base decisions about freedoms off of. And when we're so individual responsibility, is it my choice to go outside? Yes. And the idea of individual responsibility is so I'm a libertarian, like nothing crazy libertarian, maybe a little bit. But I believe that nobody should have a say in what I do.  I can't just have the consequences for my actions just happen to me because supposedly, and I'm putting a little asterisk, supposedly, 1.5 to 25% of people are asymptomatic. So I could, if I don't know, go out and spread it to other people. What is, I think, an element that people aren't considering  saying we are not thinking about the second and third order effects of this pandemic because what I'm balancing is the cost of lives versus what is the number of people that are going to die from the virus. So that's going to be whatever hundreds of thousands of people that might die potentially. Um, and who those people are versus the other group of people in the second and third order effects that could die from the, not from the virus, but from the second  So we fortunately are able to, I say fortunately, asterisks, we can freeze evictions and bankruptcies. So me as a landlord, I can't kick somebody out because they're not paying me, but I know that they still will be paying me. And that person knows that that tally is continuing to grow and that hole that they're in economically is going to continue to get deeper. Socioeconomic conditions are one of the largest influences to suicide, to depression and to drug abuse.  You know, like the McDonald's that was on the corner, it was already barely making enough money as it was. Now they're definitely not going to be making enough money. They're just not going to reopen. You know, McDonald's is going to relocate to a different place or maybe not even. Right. Chipotle not going to open. They're going to pick and choose where these new, what stores are going to be opening. That is going to have a profound economic effect. And those people that have been, were just to before, now they are truly struggling.  to save lives in this conversation that we're having, we could seriously be losing way more people through suicide, drug overdoses, alcohol abuse, and the kids that are going to be homeless than like, we know what happens when somebody loses their home, like how hard it is to get back off of the street. And now you're going to have how many kids that are going to be homeless? Like nobody's even started to calculate the economic effect of these second and third order problems. I mean, we're talking way more  No, it's not. No, it is not. Don't don't call me like this hypocrite that I'm being an asshole just because I'm bringing up the economy. I'm bringing up the economy because I'm trying to save lives because I know what happens. Look at Venezuela and ask how many lives have been lost when the platform, the strategic solution to this economic disaster is socialism. Yeah. Well, one of the things that I don't think people quite have wrapped their head around. So this is maybe two, three weeks ago. I really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really  unemployment claims. And so we're already hovering in that kind of seven and a half to eight and a half percent, depending on how you count it, of what's actually been reported. That's not actually the true number, because there's many more people who aren't actually reporting it. And so if you just use that number, let's just say that 10 million people in the last two weeks have filed for unemployment. Those are service workers, hospitality, restaurants, all these things tend to be lower socioeconomic. There's actually more people who have lost their jobs than have been confirmed to have coronavirus in the United States.  When you're talking about unemployment numbers, you're talking about one working body, but that one working body typically has two to three people that are living off of them, right? So a single household is going to have maybe, you know, 1.3, 1.4 workers per household. So you do have stay at home moms or stay at home dads. Um, and then they have, you know, like what right now in America, we have 2.1 children per couple. So, you know, we're talking three people per household.  How long does it take that 30 million people who were already poor in industries that are not going to be coming back? For them to be homeless and then once they're homeless How long does it take for things to go really bad where you start seeing upticks in crime where you see upticks in drug abuse? You see upticks in suicide It's it's we're talking weeks that's how fast that happens weeks one of the things that I think people have Going back to this idea of like if you start with these  90 days where those businesses are not going to be turned on, even if they could on day one, turn them back on, hire everyone back and start paying them. You're going 90 days. There's very, very few people in this country who can go 90 days with no income and be okay. There's people that can't go a week, a week, like the majority of, so, God has blessed me and I'm not going to go into that, but I right now,  One week now you're talking 90 days of no income Just That's a hard thing if you've never been poor if you've never like live paycheck to paycheck That's that's a hard thing to understand where you get paid and you go and buy like enough white bread and the crappiest peanut butter and whatever brand You know from Kroger or Vaughn's or or?  additional opportunity to try and to make up for that deficit. So now we're in the slippery slope of, you know, 30 million people that are now immediately thrust into poverty. There's not really bouncing back from that. When we look at the similarities in the Great Depression numbers on how long it took for us to come out of that, it's a frightening thing. So when you are having conversations and people are having conversations,  in some places, you know, like church congregations, not only can you not congregate in social distancing, if you do, here are the new laws that you're going to be violating. And I mean, so like, I have a lot of land. Let's just say I wanted to, on top of this hill, put a big microphone and say, all right, church, we can meet in my field. It's a beautiful day. I have X's and all the X's are measured  And the few ways that we're able to converse about this is kind of through social media. And that in itself is a limited form of our ability of free speech. Because every one of those different platforms to communicate has its own agenda. And each of those limits what kind of conversations can take place and who can participate in those. So really like the First Amendment is gone.  whether it's the paddle border, whether it's Rhode Island, you know, you can't go to Texas, whatever the example is. There's a ton of people who say it's for the greater good, right? And kind of falls back on that fear and this whole thing. But what I try to remind people is like the Constitution is not a sometimes thing, or it's not a, hey, you can apply the Constitution when it's convenient for you guys, but when you don't want us to have the Constitution, you can basically take it away. And that element of like, it is a persistent right to freedom.  I did not know that.  relevant to the current day, current conversations, current vernaculars, current verdicts. Everything about current makes the point of the Supreme Court, the only purpose that the Supreme Court has is to be able to interpret the Constitution to current day. So it could not be any more relevant now than it was in 1776. It is as relevant in this day and as important as it was in the founding of our country.  All of the prisoners go out of our jail because we don't want them to contract corona, but then we're going to be arresting and finding people because they're breaking our new laws. Then one of those released prisoners comes over and rapes somebody. Awesome. I'm going to sue the crap out of the government. Anyways, eventually it ends up at the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court looks at what constitution, how  And the government and the local government, the state government, the federal government tries to circumvent the Supreme Court because the Supreme Court is the final authority on what happens with the Constitution. So these three little checks and balances before the Supreme Court are there opportunities to try and prevent it ever getting to them and just being able to take as much as they can bit by bit. And like even the Patriot Act, we keep referencing it.  maybe the second worst intelligent failure of since Pearl Harbor was 9-11. We knew that there were these extremists, that there are these fanatic fundamentals, fundamentalists that hated our way of life. They had tried to do things before, but kind of unsuccessfully. And so then 9-11 happens, 3,000 people perish, and it gave the government every single authority, we, it didn't, we, the people, gave the government the  that would have been private or the expectation would have been private and what level of authority would the government need, whether it's like a warrant or can we create a different type of judge that could provide those warrants in like these critical times as long as it supported this, the greater good. So we just like started handing all of these freedoms away. The motivation again was  fantastic. We know that happens, right? If I search it, the cookies saved. That was so invasive 15 years ago. That would, we would have never imagined that that could have happened, that that would happen. I remember my grandparents when they're talking about the government, they would take their phone off of the hook, right? And then they would have conversations. Sometimes they'd even unplug the phone. If they, I know they, they roll over there in their grave. If they could  around with it because we can call people, we can get on the internet, on Instagram, all the stuff, but it also provides now a tracking device, a listening device, etc. I don't think we've really seen kind of, at least across the American population, in certain examples we've seen it, but not yet where those have been used to steal freedom of movement or kind of bigger kind of freedoms. We're seeing that now though, where you see Google creating these tracking tools where they say, hey,  private organizations that are enabling portions of our everyday lives and our like for me, my phone is how I make my living, like whether it's, you know, through photographs or through communication, you know, or through social media. And they have weaponized the phone where like the distance of that I am from other people, how many people are with me, what we're talking about, like what is next? So first they're saying how  is like after a couple of, once momentum negatively starts happening and there's no way that you can stop the negative energy that continues down this slippery hill. So if this is a hill and you're on top of it and then you make a bad decision and you give up a little bit of your freedom, you're on this side of the hill and then you make another one. Now you're moved two times down, but this slope is super slippery and now I'm sliding down and there's nothing I can do about it.  is there's this weird balance between you're not the guy who's yelling and screaming, you know, fuck the government. Actually, you are enlisted in United States military. You are a trained Green Beret, Ranger qualified. You've spent, you know, what, almost two decades of your life dedicated to protecting the American way of life, American freedom, et cetera. And I think actually what people confuse is like those people who are in the military police  I'm going to go and enforce the taking of those away from you. You're insane, right? Like you're talking about the most passionate freedom loving group of people on the planet. It is your law enforcement. It's your firefighters and it's your military, right? Because they have seen firsthand the suffering and the sacrifice that goes into the protection and the preservation of those things. And for the military, especially we go to places where these freedoms don't exist. So like every time I start having a conversation about, you know,  You'd have dysentery because it has been poisoned by all the gross people that are around there because there's no food or water to be had and everybody's fighting over the same freaking well. It is quite clearly. I and everybody that every single one of my brothers and sisters that have has worn that flag on their soldier on their on their shoulder have confidence that we are the ones that love freedom and that have died and have seen her and have seen her friends die protecting it and would happily die.  130,000 masks, 600,000 gloves. He had a warehouse full of medical supplies. And it's a highly complex scenario. So before everyone freaks out, he was selling them for 700% increases in price, all this kind of stuff. I'm gonna put all of the medical supplies, that whole part of the conversation to the side for a second. But in there, he got charged with assaulting a federal agent because he coughed in the direction of the agent.