 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got the man himself, CZ here. Thanks so much for doing this. Thank you so much. Thanks for having me. Of course. Let's start right off. How's your back? I know you had the back surgery. Yeah, my back's doing quite all right now. Yeah. After the surgery, I feel really good. The doctor says there's a little minor complication, but I don't feel it.  your health because finance is counting on you as long with most of crypto. And then let's just jump in. Maybe you can give us a quick update on, on finance itself. I don't know if you wanted to share kind of any latest metrics or anything, but just how, how are things going since last time we talked? So Binance is, yeah. So especially recently with we're, the numbers we're seeing are just phenomenal. So we see on jet in general, roughly about five X more volumes than before, like since they sort of the Corona  I think it could be due to a number of reasons. It could be people just bored at home, nothing to do, all the online businesses are doing well. And then you could also be that the overall microeconomic issues with quantitative easing, people moving slowly back into crypto. So you could be any number of those reasons. But overall business is going well. Awesome. It feels a lot like when you get volatility in the traditional markets, you also see the  not as good when it's flat at a high price. So when the prices are high, it's always good for the exchanges. So for our business, we really want to see the price be high. High volatility is okay. But generally speaking, the higher the price, the better. For sure. And then how has COVID-19 kind of impacted? I know you guys had, last time we talked, 400, 500 employees, kind of 40 different countries and pretty distributed already. But have you seen any impact from the virus  They had more to adjust. Sending people home, people may or may not have the right equipment. Their team structures and daily routines may or may not be structured to facilitate just working remotely, right? So working remotely does require a little bit of a different, different mentality. A lot of conference calls, a lot of Zoom, a lot of Google Meets, a lot of other things. So I think for us, we are quite useful in doing that.  quite the coronavirus did not impact us as negatively as we would have expected. But we do understand there's a lot of other people who are feeling like a lot of hardship out there and we want to be able to help. So that's why we kind of doing a lot of charity work, et cetera. Yeah, it's one of these things where as we've talked to, you know, our portfolio of hundred plus companies, what we keep saying to them is, look, there's two ways to think about what's happening right now. One, you've got to have the defensive mindset to make sure your balance sheet is strong enough to kind of survive through  For us, I think we had a strong balance sheet before. We had very strong revenues, strong profits. We were not relying on burning money before. So we were growing, like before our limitation factor was actually just our speed to hire new people. So just talking, getting all the candidates in, talking with them, interviewing them, and then agree on a deal, compensation, et cetera. So right now, that problem is not, is eased up a lot. And we're seeing business demand on the platform growing.  I am involved. So I like to interview the senior hires before I kind of do the last, depending on if they're reporting to me directly, then I do a very in depth interview. If they're reporting to one, somebody who's reporting to me, then I have a more casual chat. But I think one of my strengths is actually I'm a pretty good judge of character. So I talk to them for a few minutes and then I try to figure out, hey, this guy passionate about crypto, this guy, a legitimate,  to see match, culture match, et cetera. So, so I think I have a pretty good feel for just interacting with people, even though I may or may not know their technical expertise. So I do, I do get involved in the senior hires, but we hire so many people that there's a lot of guys I'm not mad. I don't even know their name. Yeah, absolutely. And I guess this then leads to like, there's so much going on, right? And I think one of kind of the resounding messages I hear from CEOs right now is, Hey, we've got our just normal business operations that we've got to worry about.  of aspects to it. I think for the Binance team, I've asked the Binance team to work from home way early. So when this thing's brewing in China, I just told everyone, look, just work from home. And so I think that was end of January, early February, I just said, look, just work from home. And I also asked our... And our team's pretty used to it. Our team's, they sometimes congregate in a coffee shop or stuff like that when they're in the same city.  So we took a lot of precaution to ensure safety of our employees. And we all encouraged them to work from home, just don't go out that often. And they typically work from home anyway, so they're very used to it. And at a higher level, at a bigger scale, in different countries in the world, I think this thing's gonna last multiple months. I think it's gonna last, I think coming summer, these virus may subside,  guys are returning to normal, the work is returning to normal. Other countries are still fighting it and other countries are still losing the battle with it, to be honest, especially like America. I think the numbers says the results are there. So I think we're still at the ramp up stage where we haven't seen the plateau. So that's very worrying. And I think that will definitely have an economic effect. I think back in February, March, people in some countries or  So things are going to be different. People will be, the social norms are going to be different. So I don't know how different it will be, but I think in the back of people's heads, people will, I think even come autumn or the next winter, people will be very cautious about this thing. It depends on whether we discover a vaccine or not. So all of those things play a factor. But most countries are banning travel. I think travel is gone for the next, I don't know,  the international business, the virtual aspect of the cryptocurrencies actually helps a lot. I think cryptocurrencies is going to see a fairly strong boost, to be honest, combined with like quantitative easing, depression, like the countries have no other option but to print a lot of money right now. And that's going to, those money right now is not free flowing into the economy, but once they start flowing, cost of goods, most prices are going to go up very dramatically.  opportunities right now than they were before. I also think most likely more banks and more financial institutions are going to look at cryptocurrency. They're more willing to work with cryptocurrency exchanges, payment services, et cetera. So I think there's a lot of opportunity. It's not going to be easy. It's going to be tough. But you know, when the going gets tough, the tough gets going. Yeah, it's really interesting because on the economic side, one of the things that people I think are missing is just like the economy is not going to recover until people are allowed to leave their home.  and whoever have symptoms go to the hospital, whoever doesn't then are done. Yes, but it is an ideal world, yes, but humans are not organized that way. And we're seeing very poor leadership across different countries, right? So if everybody started lockdown at the end of January for three weeks or four weeks, we're done. And very few number of people will get sick, but people don't act that way, so yeah. Yeah, we'll see. Let's switch gears. You recently announced a pretty big purchase.  one by far. So after we started, it was like basically about two years ago, I was just sort of paying Brandon just sort of very occasionally, not frequently, just sort of, hey, how are you doing? What are your plans, et cetera. So I've been paying him over time with a sort of interest of say potentially working together more, a closer partnership or potentially in that position. I didn't sort of mention  was a very simple deal. So it's like there's no complicated stuff going on. And then from there, we're just like getting lawyers to execute the deal, which took a while. But none of us went back to read, none of us thought about to renegotiate the terms of the deal. Even in this economic turbulent times, I think, like for me, I'm looking at this thing at a very, very long term play. It's not like, okay, how much is it worth today or tomorrow or the day before? So we don't think in that kind of  which CoinMarketCap will continue to grow in that way. And I actually think that they have not been expanding super aggressively because it's a small team. They've been growing organically, they're selling ads, et cetera. Like, look, by working with Binance, we require it and we also have more room to fund it. So I think we just want to continue to fund the growth of it. There's naturally a lot of synergies with Binance.com, but there's also naturally a lot of synergies with every other  10X or 100X expansion, like what is your vision at least of kind of that path? Like how do you actually 10X that? Is that let's take the Binance playbook of kind of super aggressive growth and just sense of our folks over and help them do that? Or is there something else that's a little bit more complex in how you do it? Sure, I think I actually think it's actually something much more simpler. I think we just got to wait for the market to grow. I think basically in the like if the market is that entire industry doesn't grow.  I think the goal is definitely to, we're definitely over 10% market share in a lot of places. So we don't have room to grow 10X, even if you kill everybody in the states. So I think the goal is to make the industry bigger. And to make the industry bigger, we actually can't grow alone. We actually wanna grow with other industry players. So we want other exchanges to grow. We want other data providers to grow, information providers to grow.  I think if you judge the potential market share of taxi or the market size of taxis for Uber, that's not the potential market size. They're going to expand our market. In crypto, we're looking at the same thing. Crypto will be able to service new business types, new opportunities that the traditional fiat world does not touch or cannot service. I think basically, in my mind, the trick is really just to grow the industry.  People want to know how was the acquisition paid for it? Was it cash stock or B and B and I said look I'll ask him but I don't think he's gonna answer that one So it's not that I don't want to answer that part is covered by the MBA. So actually can't answer it but it's a it's a pretty straightforward deal so there's nothing too complicated about it and And to be honest, I for us doesn't matter what the method is So if it's B and B cash is the same thing if it's cash if it's cash B and B is cash or BTC is cash to us  some crypto and but we don't hold fiat. So whatever fiat we want, we need to spend. We just sell crypto and we spend it and then we'll have no fiat left again. So that's kind of how we operate. Got it. One of the things that I think you've done very differently than especially exchanges in the United States, etc., is you've made some pretty big bets on non-U.S. countries. So obviously India is a big one, a couple of others. What are you seeing in the non-U.S. countries right now, given the global instability? Are you seeing kind of a ton of interest into crypto? Are you seeing expansion  per capita, if you reach one user, the value per user is much higher for any business. So even like social media, trading platforms, et cetera. So a lot of guys are focused on those types of markets. China is a very different one. China is getting, the people is getting relatively rich. There's a lot of rich guys. There's a lot of guys with discretionary spending power and online businesses, mobile businesses, internet businesses are very developed. So that's another very interesting market.  India is the second most populous country in terms of people in the world, and it's got 1.3 billion people. And that's a lot of opportunity there. There was a lot of uncertainty in terms of the regulations, and very likely we placed a bet before that, before it was clear, and the results turned out to be favorable. But when we placed a bet, it wasn't betting on the outcome of the regulatory changes. It was like, that was a really good team.  every market is very different. So in markets where we feel comfortable operating, then we go in and operate ourselves. Where in markets where we're lucky enough to meet a strong local team, then we work with the local team. And also if you look at, for example, a different market, Africa, right? It's got 1.2 billion people for the whole continent. It's divided into a lot of different countries, but there, people are still getting used to smartphones.  So I think cryptos value is really when you connect different countries in the world, that's where the valley really, really shines. So that's kind of our approach and philosophy. Yeah, are there any countries that maybe people aren't thinking about that you're like, look, I'm really excited. Obviously, India is a big one and you've kind of made some moves there, but are there other countries that you want to kind of highlight that you think people should be paying attention to? I think almost every country is quite interesting, to be honest.  There's a lot of different countries in the world. We try to build a platform that's really neutral towards that kind of geography independent. It's much easier to do with just crypto to crypto. It's a lot harder when you want to touch fiat, but unfortunately today, most of the money is still in fiat. We've still got to go country by country to bring them in. It almost feels like there's the two parallel worlds being built.  Yeah, I'm guessing my numbers tell me that we're at about 21%. So like really just one in 1000. So on the positive side, on the negative side is really tiny. So we're basically working in a very tiny market right now. Positive side is like the growth potential is really high. So we just got to make sure that, and I think the growth will come. And I think the growth will be sped up by this right now all the turmoil  and how do you feel it's going? Yeah, I think US is going quite well. At US, I think with overall the teams, my understanding is the Binance US team is taking a very careful and a solid approach. So they're progressing in very careful manners because they are spending a lot of time on regulatory compliance, getting licenses, et cetera. So hopefully they will be able to turn on additional states very soon.  retail gas, the retail gas may or may not care too much about it, but slowly we're seeing the shift over. And yeah, I think they're just going very steady. So I think and their market share is actually slowly increasing. Most people may or may not understand that or may or may not notice just yet. But I think overall things are going really, I'm very pleased with the progress Binance US is seeing. So I think just give it time. The other players have been in the market for like, I don't know,  and to kind of add some challenges there. One of the things that you recently announced is this mining pool. Maybe talk a little bit about what exactly you guys are gonna build and kind of what the logic is there. Sure, I mean, to be honest, it was like one of the team members said, look, we should build a mining pool and this is how to do it. I said, well, that makes sense. So do you know how to, do you wanna do it? Well, she says yes, again, it's a girl.  to build both a POW like for Bitcoin and also POS for most other coins mining pool and also be able to support other non-mining by staking pools, staking coins as well. And so all of this are sort of interest generating or income generating products for our users. So you can, for Bitcoin, the miners will put their mining power into a pool and will do that and they'll get coins. For staking coins,  They're building it. I think they're gonna the mining pool is going to be launched soon from what I hear but again, it's a fairly independent team that running with it the the team the couple the team leader and a couple of the senior guys on the team comes to me once in a while for like I don't know different budget requests some some decisions I just I usually flip a coin Just like go for it This I mean, this is the magic of Binance, right? Is the fact that you just find really talented smart ambitious people?  So they are already trading with us. So I think that the network effect is there and having and also giving the network effect all of the services we provide and we can provide at lowest fees. So if you look at the market, we always our fees are usually typically the lowest sometimes by a factor of two or three X. So and it's going to be the same model for mining code. The fees will be very low. The fees that we charge will be very low. So then the users gets most of the risk.  fee model and they kind of how has that thought process changed over time? Sure. I think there's a number of factors. There's a mentality factor of the different funders. How much do they believe in this industry, whether they're short term or long term? And then there's the skill that we already have or people already have. So to be honest, when we first start, the goal is just to survive, right? So just to get to cash flow break even and be able to survive and potentially if we're not there quite yet, then we may  or most businesses, the more you charge, the slower you grow. And the more you charge, you may even actually have a short-term business. The uncertainty in this industry also causes people to be more short-sighted. For example, if you establish an exchange in a country and the regulations change every three months, then you are kind of forced to be more short-sighted and just sort of, let's make as much money as we can as quickly as possible.  It was also within those first few months, like even with the first quarter after we launched the platform, we seemed like some of the regulations changed in China that impacted us quite severely. But actually afterwards, looking back, it was actually a very positive influence. It actually drove a lot of users to us. But at the time it was like quite tricky. So we got through the initial sort of phases very quickly. And right now we have a platform that has scale and we have the brand. And I think right now,  It's not about the next year. It's about like more than that. So and also we're not a publicly listed company So we don't have this sort of Wall Street analyst calls, etc We do have a token but the tokens getting more and more decentralized and tokens doing fine. But so I think So I think basically we are we have a just a mentality aspect of this is really important So for this reason we we really want to protect our users with the review our users much much more than our short-term revenue  for IPO. So a lot of the decisions we make sort of very fundamentally shape shapes of the organization. I don't even use the word company that often. So it's kind of hard to IPO that kind of the IPO the IPO world doesn't really fit our type of organization which is totally which is very decentralized. And I also don't believe in the IPO game. I think that that game's really way old. The system is really  most guys who care about the vision will be building stuff themselves. There's very few that do care about the vision. I don't wanna like offend everybody. But mostly VCs have a fund that have like a fixed term, at least five years or eight years or 10 years, and they need to show returns. They need to raise the next fund, et cetera. And they naturally wanna have pressure to sort of cash out. And then they wanna run the firms to IPO. And then when the firms IPO,  I think there's a better structure that can be achieved. We have a lot more freedom. Luckily, we are cash flow positive and we can dictate our own growth at the rate we grow. We can find relatively new ideas, sometimes some really wild ideas. So we're kind of operating as a startup, but also as an investment arm and we have a lot of experiments going on. So we have a lot of freedom to try this kind of stuff and we have a very united team.  on the idea that BNB, if you don't go the IPO route, can serve as a way to really drive shareholder value, but in this unique new model. Maybe talk a little bit about where BNB is today and then how you see that evolving over time. Sure. I think we structured BNB as very much a utility token. It does not represent security in Binance, not in Binance or any of the Binance affiliated entities. It's a fully traded coin that we used to. We used the ICO back into  If you want to, if you say, look, the tokens are used in our ecosystem for like, let's not use Binance. Let's use like say a gaming company, right? So you issue a token, people can use it to pay for, I don't know, game, virtual merchandise, like weapons and stuff like that. So then they can use that in the game. And then you have the company shares that you can sort of, the company shares are worth higher than much. You can look at the income profits, et cetera, of the company and determine the price of that.  and raise a lot of money and continue to do that. We actually dilute some of the value in the BNB ecosystem. So we actually just want to say, look, we continue to push BNB to be used in our ecosystem and also in our partners ecosystems. And that's what we're going to be focused on. And we're not going to monitor. So at least right now, I'm not really thinking about monetizing the shares at all. Actually, I have an idea which I don't talk to people often about.  because you basically would say the equity in what I've built is going to be worth zero. You're not gonna have the payday from the equity and you now have this Dow. But if you have the cash flow, there's obviously value there. Maybe talk through exactly like what would that world look like? And then what would that mean for you and the rest of the team? Sure. I actually don't know what that word would look like to be honest. We're kind of, this is new territory, right? So we're kind of experimenting ourselves. And so we're kind of on our road.  you sort of explore and discuss. But I do think a company who has very, well, I would say, yeah, I would say a organization who have very strong cashflow are able to take care of their employees, shareholders, et cetera. So the different ways to monetize, and this is why it ties into the long-term play that we have. I mean, you can say our shares, well, basically the shares encompass future value, right? So the value of the shares of a company encompass how much money  Merrill Lynch was one of the investors, probably still is. Well, they probably changed hands because Merrill may have had its own financial issues. But so in that aspect, I think there's, I think as long as you get investors and you get team members who are into the same vision, who are here for the long-term play, then that's less of a problem. We actually looked at a new idea that which I think we invented actually. So I named it.  And then this way the team members are incentivized to sort of grow the ecosystem, not just the corporate value, not just the enterprise value, but more of the sort of ecosystem value. And I think that's much, that's actually more aligned with what we want to achieve right now. We want to build out the ecosystem. We want to decentralize sort of the enterprise aspect of it. Even though right now, I think Binance.com, especially the trading platforms is a large revenue generator.  And I think whatever we find out that works, we will be very happy to share with the community and hopefully other organizations will be able to follow. Binance is unique in this way. We actually started as more centralized organization. We're kind of pushing this way. Whereas other projects like Ethereum, they did start much more decentralized. So it's a bit different. Yeah. Yeah. It's really interesting because basically what you're talking about, like what is equity, right? Equity is a claim on cash flows, a claim on a company's assets. And then obviously  Or would you rather have a percent of profits today? I think most employees actually would probably want you know percent of profits today It's better short-term and to it's much more tangible in many cases Yeah, I think that and also there's a very subtle difference between profits of a traditional organization process of a crypto organization So in crypto even if our profits are in BNB today, let's say we distribute to you some of our team members or BTC There's an implied growth value of that profit even afterwards. So it's  which is totally aligned with what I think we should be doing. Yeah, I love it. One of the other questions that a lot of people have was around security tokens, which I think is related here. What are you seeing in the security token world? And is that something that Binance, whatever, kind of dip their toe into? Sure, I think there's a lot of potential in the security tokens world. But honestly, though, I think most of the implementations today are too restrictive. So most of the implementations today is just taking the piece of paper that was used to restrict  presents shares in a company. So I think most of the implementations I've seen so far are relatively rudimentary and they don't solve the fundamental problem of actually having a security token on the blockchain freely traded around the world. Anybody can participate, that kind of stuff. That would require, I think, a lot of regulatory changes. So it's not just the, I think the technology is there for sure. But the regulatory hurdles in different countries are not solved. I actually think  execute