 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got Andy here with me who is in Phoenix right now. Thanks for doing this, man. Thanks for having me. Yeah, for sure. This is your second time coming on the podcast. So we'll skip overall the background. Maybe just give us kind of an overview of CoinList today and an update as to like where you guys are since the last time we talked.  our core business. Since then we've added a bunch of other business lines. And the biggest one coming up now is the coin list trade exchange. There's trade limits, primarily those that we've ran sales for, but also other crypto assets. And we've turned that on, they're starting to roll that out more aggressively. So, you know, from here forward, CoinList will be doing token sales, but also letting people trade crypto assets liquidly on the CoinList exchange. That's what we're focused on.  think about a file coin or a Solana or a sell-out coming up. And the reason for that is actually really compelling. When you participate in a token sale before the tokens liquid, which is how these sales on coinless happen, at some point the token goes live and it's typically this really messy process where you're going to get your tokens. So you sent $1,000 to some crypto project and then a year later the project goes live and you have to generate a wallet, they reach out to you, they collect the wallet address, they send you the tokens to that wallet.  And so there's no distribution process there. And then the natural next step from that is to say, and if you want to buy more or you want to sell the token, just hit the button right here. You're already on the coinless platform. Your tokens are already here. No need to move them around. Just transact. And so our focus is going to be on trading for those assets where because we ran the sale, all the users really easily have the tokens right there already. And we can let them transact seamlessly instead of dealing with the token distribution process. Gotcha.  or someone who works in technology and invests a little bit or works in the space and invests a little bit. And you start stepping up and you see a crypto fund. And this is a crypto specific funds investing these token sales. And then you step up even higher in terms of dollar amounts and you see large venture funds, traditional hedge funds, family offices, endowments. So you get this whole spectrum. And unsurprisingly, it's a larger number of smaller dollar investors and then a small number of really  total mix. Yeah. So, and again, it's, it's hard to characterize. It depends so much on the community of that individual project. Say that it varies from 70 30 us non-us to 30 70 us non-us. So, you know, we've got a natural user base in the United States by virtue of being an American company. But we have tons of users from outside the us. And in some sales that actually outweighs it. In fact, for some of the sales that we run us users,  things that I've been spending a lot of time thinking through, you're running one of these companies and then obviously talk with a lot of other founders, is this idea that crypto companies are pandemic proof. And this speaks to one, the way that they work, right? So kind of a lot of remote work, the way that they communicate, they're based on a global basis. So they're kind of used to time zone differences and things like that. But then also in times of global instability, there tends to be a lot more activity and interest in crypto  And that's what this is all about here. And you can talk about that in very practical terms, but I actually think it starts with epiphany that people have when they get interested in this space, which is the value of decentralization. Decentralization is a paradigm for everything, that perhaps some systems can be more effective when they are decentralized, when they're distributed, when they work by encouraging collaboration of a disparate set of entities instead of mandating it from a central authority.  not letting that disturb the whole balance of it. And so I think it starts with that mentality, but then absolutely on a practical level, crypto teams are distributed, even if your team itself is not distributed. So CoinList is typically based between San Francisco and New York. We've got offices in both places. Everyone we work with is all over the world. We work with issuers and investors that are all over the entire globe. And so we're used to working in a decentralized way, even if our team is in one place or two places,  asset-based in technology. And so I think that the people that are in crypto, the users, the investors, the members, prepared for these times of instability, and in fact see it as an opportunity and a chance to really demonstrate what crypto is good for. So it does feel like both crypto companies on a very practical level are pandemic proof or pandemic resistant, but also the industry as a whole and what we're working on feels pandemic resistant as well.  everything done and make sure that the tools do that, which is undoubtedly important. But there's a second piece too that, you know, for us, we really enjoy being in the office. And when you don't have that, it can be hard. And so, you know, how do you make sure that everyone feels really good and is happy and is talking to everyone just even socially and encouraging that. So we've built some stuff around that and are working on that. But in terms of our planning from a business perspective, it's stable.  we would be changing our plans. And I feel awful for friends who have had to do so in a space like that. But again, for crypto, if it is resistant, let's keep marching forward and try and use this to not be grow. Yeah, it's really interesting, kind of this balance. I feel like it's become cool to have the work from home and kind of remote culture. And there's a lot of benefits for it, obviously. But there is still this element of the social component of Go.  Yeah, it's you know, and I think you can build a great company in any direction. There's lots of evidence with that. But part of it is just the team that you end up building the people that are working together and for us that social interaction is important and helps people stay fired up and focused on the work at hand and well aligned with each other. And so yeah, we've had to figure out how to work with that. I mean, we've been doing these virtual happy hours where everyone gets on Zoom and hangs out with each other.  We'll find out. Everyone's keeping a surprise until we get on the call. I'll show them some show and tell. You're a brave man. I don't know whether to be fearful of what people are going to buy or excited. We've got some good folks on the team. Yeah. So you are normally based in San Francisco and then you're in Phoenix now. Maybe give us an update just on like what are you seeing actually on the ground in those two cities around coronavirus and kind of  densely packed city that was recognizing how dangerous it is to be densely packed when there's a pandemic and shutting down. And so, you know, from our team there and from friends there, it's just a, it's an odd dynamic to be in a city where so much of what makes the city the city is everything going on there and then not having anything going on. And so it feels, you know, from talking to people there, it's challenging time to  And I think that's interesting here because well, there's certainly a shelter in place now as of this week. And restaurants are shut down or only doing delivery. A bit more of a spread out city for a lot of parts of the city. And so the impact has not been felt quite as severely. There's also relatively few cases of the virus. So it's shelter in place like San Francisco and New York,  is able to kind of contain the virus and opens up first while everyone else is kind of battling this longer tail of it. Or is it a place like the impact was never felt that severely in the first place and they're able to kind of open the doors back up before the more dense cities do. So it's an interesting time and interesting to kind of see the contrast between these different places. Yeah, the contrast between San Francisco and New York is really interesting to me because San Francisco definitely took it much more seriously, much sooner  people said, hey, maybe I shouldn't go on the subway or I shouldn't go stand around hundreds of other people at once. And so I don't know really why that is, but it just was a very distinct difference between the two cities for sure. Yeah, no, I also don't know why that was. I have hypotheses that San Francisco has a high concentration of people that are highly attuned  argument that, you know, at the time, obviously the virus was concentrated in China and San Francisco is much closer for travel then. And so, so it could be too that there was just kind of more information flow or more obvious concern there coming between, you know, the West Coast and, and China as opposed to China and New York. Yeah. There's a component. One of Plina's friends jokingly said coronavirus. I ride the J train every day. Like,  communication with investors. Like anytime you get needs, I was called kind of a time of uncertainty. I think a lot of things change and people focus on, you know, are you physically going to the office or are you not? But it's also the way that you communicate with your customers, with the investors for you guys, both in the company and then also investors in the projects that you guys are helping fundraise for. How has all of that changed? Yeah. So I, you know, it's a, it's a really interesting balance because like I was saying, a lot of it for us is,  And then when the market's down, everyone's looking at buying season. There's a sale on crypto right now, and now's the time to get in. And I think this is kind of a unique attribute of crypto as an asset class because so many of the people in the community are such idealists with such a long view of the space. It almost doesn't matter what's happening at the moment. It's not just about the market. It's about the market. It's about the market.  despite all the chaos in the world or perhaps because of all the chaos in the world. And so for us, a lot of it's business as usual. So we think about communicating with investors or fundraising. We don't have any plans to fundraise imminently. We're fortunate to be doing well in business and be running these sales and generating revenue. And we raised a great round last year led by Polychain with  people's optimism about the space and willingness to believe in crypto as a hedge against this. If it really crushes the global economy at a level where crypto is just inevitably impacted as yet another asset, what happens then? And I think our view there is you got to be careful. You know, in times like these, you don't want to be overspending. You don't want to be kind of burning cash left and right. But at the same time, you don't want to be seizing opportunities that are in the  what we need to do to prepare for the worst case scenario here and make sure that, you know, that doesn't cause issues. Yeah, it is. It's one of these weird things. I was talking to somebody about it from a small business perspective, right? So let's say you're that local restaurant and the pandemic happens, there's a government mandated shutdown. And if you're that small business owner and they said, hey, it's a two week shutdown, you would make an analysis. Okay. How much cash do I have? What's my, you know, cost? Could I survive for two weeks?  And so for you guys, obviously being a technology company that isn't, you know, kind of susceptible to being shut down like those restaurants and other small businesses are, how have you thought about kind of the strength of the balance sheet and kind of, are you preparing for kind of six months of this, 18 months of this, and just kind of talk me through the logic and the frameworks that you've used to kind of think through that? Yeah, well, I'd actually point out one more big difference between, you know, a business like a restaurant and a business like that.  and listed was like 46 days. I think it was real estate businesses have like on average 40 days of cash on hand. For all of these businesses, their cash on hand is between let's call it 10 days and two months generously. And that's just because of how these businesses work. They're cashflow businesses. Every month they're planning to make a little more than they spend and keep going. But they've got ongoing costs even when they're shut down like rent  and then every year they have to go and raise again and stock up the the word chest and then keep going. But in this case, it's official model that wasn't very close to dying has six, 12, 18, 24 months of runway in the bank because that's what they have to do anyway. And in this case, that's, you know, it makes it less of a day to day decision where, you know, a matter of seven days makes an enormous difference because  Let's not start ramping up spending really aggressively in these next few months. Keep expenses down. And then in the next three months, reevaluate. Okay, where are we at right now? How long do we think this will last? Once this kind of initial shock dies down, does it look like we're in this for 18 months? In which case, what do we have to do? We have to go a little more money to make sure that we've got 24 or 30 months of runway if we think we're gonna be in a real-life global recession for 18 months.  were at and push forward from there. Yeah, it's really interesting too, I think, because the dynamic you described about like startups are kind of already in the mindset of like we need runway because we either don't have revenue or losing money. And what I've seen a lot of them do, I felt like there was one week there where everyone turned around to every service provider they said, and they were just like, give us a discount. And that was for everything from rent to  And I say obvious, but it's also something that I think people need to be reminded of in the startup community often. And investors sometimes say like, wow, yeah, is don't die, right? This is like, I mean, the most blindingly obvious piece of advice out there, but it's almost like people forget at times that startups are expected to be a windy, bumpy path. Exactly what you're doing today is probably not exactly what you'll be doing in five years. And if you're around in the past,  just an important thing to remember. On the more tactical level, there's all sorts of things you can do if you're in a mission. You're seeing teams do this right now, obviously, it's layoffs, which is really sad. I was talking to someone the other day who was talking about how they've encouraged people to offer kind of salary for equity swaps. So can you let people take a reduction in salary  depends on where the startup is and what the market position is, what market you're in, whether you're in a, a, like crypto or you're a not pandemic resistant one, like the hospitality tech space and, and all that matters. But number one, first and foremost for all companies do not die. Yeah. It's crazy how the simplest advice is actually the most important. And to your point, people kind of lose sight of that.  I think it's an issue of incentives. So first of all, there is a belief that maybe no matter how badly they mess up, they will not be dead because they will be saved. And if you know that that's backstopping you or probably backstopping you, that's going to wildly change your behavior because you can do whatever you want and you'll  And most likely that's a meaningful thing for you. For a lot of these airline executives, they don't own a big line. And in fact, most of their cash, most of their compensation has been out regularly. And their view, you could argue from an incentives perspective is when the times are good, get as much as you can, right? Because what they do is they  stock buybacks and just juice your compensation and then things will blow up at some point, but you will have made your penny when the times are good and you can walk away or push through. And so it speaks to me more about the, less about people forgetting and more about just the power of incentives that as a startup founder, you have very different incentives than an airline executive. And there's kind of a beauty in how startups are structured for that reason that you're in.  when a bunch of others leave, you might be saying, well, maybe it won't be as bad as they all thought. And now here's my chance to, you know, and yeah, they may have gotten it wrong. For sure. So what's at Coinless, what's your pitch to projects as they're looking to fundraising stuff? Kind of what's the pitch now and for all the ones that are listening, what can you kind of explain to them? Yeah, the pitch at a very high level is very simple.  And so all of those factors together increase the success of an already great project that is trying to run an effective. Some of the stuff that we do for them includes handling compliance due diligence on the investors. So KYC, AML, accreditation, we built out these incredibly robust systems to support people all over the world and go through those processes. We help sometimes with marketing for certain sales and are able to help bring our community to bear to  them focus on building a great community and building a great project and a great go-to-market strategy. And, you know, for us, every great project that works with us and that we're fortunate to partner with makes the pitch even stronger for the next one. And, you know, we see that over and over again. So teams usually come to us and they say, we're interested in how can we work together. And if they're a group, we get really fired up and we do everything in our power to make them successful, both in the  buying projects from working with us if they otherwise have a great team and an interesting product and a strong go to market and all of that is if we don't see the case for them needing to have a token. And that's, those are kind of the toughest conversations where when we, we sit down with a team there again, fantastic team, great go to market, really compelling product. Like all these signs are pointing the right direction and we look and we just say, we just don't think this needs a token. And we think it could be done much more effectively without  a lot of time that ends up being layer one projects. So we've worked with a bunch of great layer one projects, but also application level ones then can make a compelling case for using a token in their ecosystem. Got it. And so where can projects that would be interested in learning more about the fundraising process go? And then also what about individuals on the exchange side as they kind of are waiting for that to come out? Yeah. So if you, well,  So it's, it first of all, from an asset perspective. So it's Bitcoin, Ethereum, Algorand, USDC, and then US dollars on an offer amp if you want to pay with your bank account. And it's also limited from a UI perspective. So it's a really simple kind of click and trade interface where you say, I want to buy one Bitcoin that shows your price. You click OK and you buy it. But it's also limited from a UI perspective. So it's a really simple kind of click and trade interface where you say, I want to buy one Bitcoin that shows your price. You click OK and you buy it.  You know, I have been using this, nothing particularly cool. Although I've got a friend hosting a virtual DJ set tonight and there's lots of good virtual parties happening. I've been using this as a chance to reset a little bit. I found it without having 60 minute in-person meetings all day. I've got more time to catch up with people, dig in on kind of deep work and things that I've been putting  a reset's a good thing. Yeah, it's one of these things where I jokingly say like the world's been forced to do remote work and I wonder how many people are gonna be excited about going back into an office, right? We talked about something like the social benefits, but I think actually a lot of people are like, wait a minute, I like this way better. I like not having meetings. I like being able to go work out. I like being able to, you know, not go on my hour commute both ways every day. Like all of these components that just would have been a hard to kind of experience.  We're in this situation is something else to look it out for but I agree everyone Everyone benefits from a little little time at home Absolutely. All right, Andy. Listen, I appreciate you jumping on and doing this anyone that is interested go check out coin list co and what dude again as you guys keep progressing here and eventually get that trading platform up Sounds good plan. Good luck and stay safe out there. Yeah you as well