 All right, guys, bang bang. I've got Josh here with me. Thanks so much for jumping on and doing this. Yeah, absolutely. Excited to do it. Sure. Let's let's start right off with a bang. You had a wedding in Ireland and you had a damn falcon fly the rings to the, I guess, altar. What were you thinking? You know, if I'm going to drag people all the way to Ireland for a wedding, I want to make sure that it's something pretty unforgettable.  Yeah, so the castle actually has an on-site like falconry establishment, which seems right out of a storybook, but with like a weird capitalist twist. Yeah, I love that. And then what was the reason for going to Ireland? Just that specific place or any other meaning behind it? My wife's Irish and we really wanted to honor her family. I'm half English, so I've got a bunch of family over there. And we wanted some place where there was no curfew. We actually ended up dancing till about 4.30 in the morning and didn't go to bed till sunrise.  So let's walk through some of them starting with just the lack of the ability to clean the feed and how it leads to kind of a worse experience. Maybe explain that. So the problem with Twitter is even with its new algorithmic feed, you sort of get stingy once you feel like your feed is full. If you start to miss people that you really care about, the people that you really love and you want to see all of their tweets, if you start to miss those, you become a lot more cautious about adding new people. And the problem is that Twitter has never given you  who really have more than a million followers or so are either real celebrities or people who are on super early, that first wave of journalists. And that makes it really tough for the next generation of newsbreakers, of influencers, of people who have something to say to break through. Yeah. And do you think that this is something where Twitter could like improve the algorithm and actually solve it for us? Or is this something where they've got to give the tools to the user and then allow the user to actually solve the problem for themselves?  like Instagram starting to show you the people you interact with least so that you could unfollow them. And I think that that's a lot better way than just leaving this entirely up to people. Because if you've ever tried to clean up your Twitter followers and look through the people you're following and look through each person, oh, is this person interesting? Are the last five tweets they sent actually relevant to me? It takes forever. It could take you an hour to get through a half dozen people. Yeah. One of the things that's really interesting too is how this parlays into the user  just good enough to keep people from saying, oh, this is, this company's in trouble. You know, it's not shrinking, but it's certainly not growing at some super healthy clip, at least not until very recently. And I think what that means is it's scared to do anything that could disturb its growth rate or just boot a bunch of users off of its platform. And that's led to some of its most pernicious issues. Like all of the trolls, the Nazis, these people that are just out there to disrupt the network. And they're basically attacks on Twitter. They're just dragging  from somebody by allowing others to be the bullies. And so if Twitter really cares about free speech, it should care about the speech of the vulnerable people, the ones who are being attacked by these trolls, and it should prioritize their experience over ones who are desperately trying to drag down its network. So I think Twitter should just kick off a bunch of those people, be damned whatever happens to the user metrics, and long term it will be a healthier, safer place that more people will actually want to join. Yeah, I watched the interview that Joe Rogan did, I think he had Tim Poole,  Absolutely. Yeah. I think there's obviously a ton of complexity and I feel for tech companies when critics don't offer solutions, when they just say, this doesn't work, but they actually don't think through the consequences of whatever they want to have happen. They don't think about what would this actually mean, not only for the rest of the user experience, not just the edge cases, what it means for the bottom line. And you need to make these services sustainable. So being like, I hate ads, just get rid of all the ads. Like that's not an actionable suggestion. So I try to give them real ways to  should they let you just barge into somebody else's feed and experience and yell whatever you wanted them? So I think by just controlling replies a little bit better, Twitter could solve a lot of these problems. But again, it's just so worried about disturbing any of its hardcore users that it's been unwilling to iterate and evolve. Yeah, it's one of these things too. Their historical track record of changes, although highly controversial when they made them, right? So the feed ranking you described kind of going chronological to ranked, also the number of characters, there was pretty significant back  decisions that users hate at first, but will grow to love. The Facebook newsfeed is a perfect example. Everyone hated when Instagram went to an algorithmic feed and actually boosted usage significantly because suddenly the people who aren't using these services all the time, they get the best tweets, the best posts first. And from the most hardcore users, you know, preferencing the entire experience around those people is going to make it really tough to grow long-term. But that said, I think Twitter has had this history of deliberating  And I think that's the lesson that Facebook has mistaken from all of its experiences. You know, ever since the newsfeed blew up after people originally protested against it, it's basically discounted and discredited all of the public's criticism. It says, oh, no, no, we know better than you do. We like last time we made a big change, you hated it and you ended up loving it. So just bear with us. But time and time again, that's led them into these massive privacy problems, these safety problems. And I think Twitter is in the same position now. You know, it can't say that, oh, just because  I've worked at Facebook, et cetera, and there's not a good framework for that in most of these companies. And so it's almost one of these questions of like, if you went down that path to explore it, how would you, if you're sitting inside one of the companies, think about the data balanced with the human critic? I think you need to think more with your gut, more with your instincts about what is right as a human being and for society, because I truly believe that long-term, that's the most value-occurring thing you can do. That's what will actually satisfy Wall Street in the long-term.  to fighting misinformation. While Facebook has committed billions of dollars to doing this, and it's warned that it's gonna hit its profits, it did hit its profits, the shareholders did definitely dock it for that. But long-term, if that means Facebook gets to survive for an extra five years, that accrues so much more money than just trying to make the short-term decision. And I think Twitter's been making that short-term decision for the long-term now. It's spent years thinking quarter by quarter. And that's why Twitter still has the same share price.  The danger of these is so much greater than what people are thinking. When you think of a corollary like TV or radio or billboards, those are not the same. And that's why I think Twitter's decision was actually very bold and very smart to say, we're just not gonna allow political ads, it's not worth it for us. Facebook's argument has been, oh, these political ads, they give an advantage to newcomers who don't have the advantage of already having tons of media presence. Take the presidency.  are gonna force this type of healthcare situation on you or oh, you're gonna lose all your freedoms, but only if you donate to me by midnight tonight, I'll match those donations, five X, but just for tonight and you'll be entered into a contest to win this thing. And all of that can be lies. There can be no deadline, there can be no matching, there can be no sweepstakes. It doesn't matter. And especially none of those political claims even have to be true, but they can instantly cause people to click that donate button,  with them being able to use lies to raise more money, to buy more ads to spread more lies. Facebook's decision to allow political ads and not police them for misinformation is terribly dangerous for democracy. And this is one of the few things where I say Twitter has done an amazing job. Yeah, I think Facebook went back on it, right? They're now saying that they're gonna add some more controls in place or am I misremembering that? So they're only making very specific exceptions. Things for voter suppression and census suppression and for  that's direct harm, and so they're taking down those political statements. But it's been unwilling to do that in America where it would really face scrutiny for taking down some of Donald Trump's claims, for instance. And I think that if it's not gonna take down, if it's gonna allow political ads at all, it needs to get much more serious and much more expansive about what misinformation it bans. Yeah, this is probably one of the greatest debates that I have with friends, is if you're sitting in Twitter seats specifically,  that person is much bigger the action you take, obviously, than if they did it to you or I or just, you know, somebody with 10 followers. This is an incredibly complex situation. This is worthy of debate because pretty much every solution is going to cause crisis. You know, what you might immediately think is like, well, you should stick a flag on it that says this is misinformation. Turns out those flags can make their supporters feel even more affirmed in sharing them saying, oh, yeah,  that's going to lead to the kind of confusion and constant claims of bias that I think are just untenable for a network to deal with over time. That's why I think Twitter should actually rip the band-aid off and just say we're going to completely delete tweets from politicians that have real world harm or that are blatantly blatant misinformation. It should either set up an independent or acquire or establish a set of fact checkers that are independent and are actually unbiased.  future. If they don't take a moral stance about how their technology is used, it will be used for evil. And these, you know, these people, they have enough money. They don't care about the money, to be honest. Most of these CEOs are so rich that when people are like, oh, they're doing this because they want to make more money. They don't care. They're literally just too rich to even care anymore. But what they do like is power. They don't want to lose their power. And they're worried that all their conservative users might abandon their network if they do one of these things. But that doesn't mean it's the right thing to do to just stay  type components. Twitter has or had Vine obviously and it was growing. It seemed pretty good. That got shut down and now TikTok is like all the rage. What's kind of your thoughts there? I mean the fact that Twitter had Vine, it was working. It was popular with the right user base who were creating content, comedians, the kind of culture makers in this country. And they had even started to add the music features that TikTok  because now we've ceded control to this fundamental piece of social networking to a Chinese company which does not share our country's ideals and values. And the fact is that this product is popular because it is fun. I use TikTok every day because it's incredibly entertaining. This concept of micro entertainment that instead of this autobiographical story stuff that we're all getting a bit sick of, that instead of someone spending 15 seconds to shoot something that we spend 15 seconds creating, on TikTok people spend two hours, 10 hours,  in order for these networks to thrive. And any of them starting from scratch are gonna have a really tough time. You can copy all their features the same way that Facebook copied Snapchat stories and did a very good job and was very successful with that. But with stories, you don't need any prerequisite content. With TikTok, you have to have this entire corpus of source material that people can remix in order to make great content. And Facebook and Instagram are just not gonna have that. They're gonna come out of the gate flat-footed. The only hope is that YouTube,  base of videos and not police it too carefully with content ID. Yeah. The little Nas X story is incredible. For those that don't know, what he basically did was he created the song and then he would look for videos or meet or gifts that were kind of going viral. And then he would basically take that visual, put his song overlay and then send it to whoever was posting the original video that was going viral and say, hey, use this one. And I think his big break was he put that song overlay over what is it? The guy standing on the horse.  Perfectly creative and that's the that's the real importance here is you can lower the bar for creating something truly valuable and watchable through remixing and that's why I tick tock is so powerful and it's why vine was so great in its era and why it's gonna be so difficult for even if Twitter were to relaunch vine now it would be really difficult to catch up because they don't have that same back archive of content for remixing yeah, and wasn't there an issue where like the vine creators all like got together and  And the next big wave of social networking is about monetizing and helping creators monetize. It's not about just slamming people with ads. It's letting the people who make this content share in the rewards that they're generating. And eventually Vine bought my cousin Darren Lockman's startup called niche and brought it in-house so that it could help do these deals and connect Vine stars to brands. And then Twitter neglected niche and eventually just sort of let it wither. And this is again, this is like a  all the way and make a drastic change and integrate Periscope directly into Twitter for so long. Then it did the same thing with Vine, neglecting it and eventually shutting it down in neglected niche. And I think at this point, you have to wonder, does Jack Dorsey still deserve this job? And so when there's these new corporate raiders coming in saying, if you don't get the metrics up and do all this and all these Twitter, you know, employees are fighting for him saying, Oh, no, he's a great boss. He's a nice guy. I've met him. He's very kind. He's very empathetic. He really thinks through things.  as smart as anybody. It lets somebody take all of the research, all of the knowledge, all their wisdom from their life, use that as a lens for consuming new information and then distilling it to the most important parts. That is a fundamental part of our world. We as a species are so specialized. We all live such different lives and have such different knowledge that we need a product like this to be able to all share in each other's wisdom. And I think the algorithm timeline does a great job of that. And the 280 character change does help that.  If you start a new Twitter account today, you will be dumbfounded about how bad the onboarding experience is. They basically just show you a bunch of celebrities, say follow these people, and then dump you on the timeline. They don't teach you anything about what you should tweet about, how you should steal information from the real world and share it. They don't teach you about digging into your specific niche interests and finding the experts in those areas rather than these totally catch all of the lowest common denominator celebrities.  Twitter understood how to prioritize that onboarding experience. And so it has hundreds of millions of people who have tried Twitter at some point and churned away and are now soured on the platform and are a lot less likely to ever come back because of this rotten onboarding experience. And so if there was one thing that Jack Dorsey could still do to improve the growth rate and maybe keep his job or that a new CEO should come in and prioritize right away is fix that onboarding experience, make Twitter accessible,  three years from now where it really should be prioritizing. Instead, it just has to save its ass quarter to quarter. And I think that that's going to make things even worse for Twitter. And that's why I don't really, and given this crisis, while people might be home doing more on Twitter and they might be spending more time there, the entire social networking advertising space is taking a massive hit. Huge companies like Airbnb and Marriott have said, we're just not advertising. We're not doing any marketing anymore. And that is going to directly affect the bottom line of these companies. So I feel it's very unlikely that  TikTok's one of these weird things where there's actually a lot of controversy and people kind of promote different talk tracks around it, but nobody really knows what's going on. I feel like you of all people would have the best beat on that. How do you look at the security concerns there? I mean, at the end of the day, you have to understand that TikTok is owned by ByteDance. China's probably most valuable private company right now. And we just don't really know what's going on inside of it.  and they know TikTok, once it becomes a big media scandal, they say, oh, that was an accident. We didn't mean to do that. And now TikTok's trying to set up this moderation board and these transparency measures to try to tell people and explain what's going on with the algorithm. But at the end of the day, the company is still owned by a Chinese giant. It has not shown that it's willing to make fair choices for the globe or be able to sort of follow in line with what we imagine as being free speech and house speech.  maybe Instagram reels, maybe Facebook lasso, maybe YouTube shorts, maybe even vine coming back to life or bite, which is started by one of the vine founders to give them a chance at owning this social entertainment use case. So, you know, I'm not, I'm not worried enough that every day I'm just going to block or delete TikTok entirely from my app. But that said, I wouldn't use the, uh, the face swap feature that it, uh, that it was testing in China, which makes you do like the full volumetric scan of your face the way  I'll tell you this or that and the next thing you know, oh wait, that got shipped out to another country or is being sold to people, et cetera. I think people get very nervous about that. So calling it out early and often super important there. YouTube, what do you actually put there? The odds of success with, I think it's called YouTube Shorts. Do you know that YouTube has stories? I did not know that. Yeah, nobody knows that because they did such a bad job with it. That YouTube has become such an expansive and bloated app  the way that Instagram did with stories. Instagram didn't put stories in a separate tab, which you'd never check. It stuck them right at the top of the screen. Unless YouTube's willing to make a bold enough bet on shorts and put it right on the home screen, it's never going to take off. And on top of that, it will have to make a bunch of smart policy decisions about how to unlock its archive of remixable content, how not to apply content ID and do really brilliant influencer outreach to get all these people started and say, Hey, did you miss the boat with TikTok?  which I just wrote about today. And IRL is an event discovery platform and calendar, which makes it easy to figure out what's going on around you, set up plans to do it with the friends or come up with a new plan like, hey, let's have a Netflix watching party and then set a soon date and then figure it out with your friends in an in-app chat. It's trying to make the calendar social in a way that it hasn't been before. Well, Saturn is for high school students and helps them share their classes and class notes. It's basically becoming kind of a professional LinkedIn-esque  tournaments and stuff like that. So I think that's really fascinating. Yeah, is the idea that a lot of these are going to just basically take the social components that we know exist on other platforms and just overlay that on the actual calendar? Is that the general premise? Yeah, that's part of it. It's about taking what is really too deeply bundled into Facebook and that Facebook has largely ignored and make it into something a standalone product that's really high utility and really simple. And so yeah, with IRL, whether it's about getting you to  You know, I think a lot of us if anybody you have this college experience where you know Your doors were always open in the dorm and you could just walk around and see what other people were up to and spontaneously make plans as we grow into adults We put all these walls and doors between us and it suddenly becomes a lot tougher to have a spontaneous social interaction And it can feel really awkward and kind of depressing if you reach out directly to a bunch of friends Hey, what are you doing tonight? You want to hang out? You want to go get dinner? You want to watch a movie or something and nobody responds or everyone's like, oh no, I'm busy. I've got plans  bring that to a wider audience than just a kind of a party of two. I think makes a lot of sense. But it also overlays with what you said, kind of the second component of just offline events in general. What's kind of the thesis there or what has you excited about that? I'm just excited about the idea that, you know, we spend so much of our time staring at a screen and most of these apps, they monetize by getting you to stare even deeper into that screen. And I think the next wave of social apps, you know, Zenly, which is in a product that was acquired by Snapchat,  it's at like number 15 on the app store charts, all of a sudden it's rocketing up the charts after launching last year. And basically it just lets a few people screen share together. So one person can be scrolling Instagram, all the other people comment, or you can be debating a Tinder profile and saying, oh, should I swipe right or swipe left? And it basically creates the same kind of experience that many of us had growing up hanging out in parking lots and basements where you weren't really doing anything. You weren't like going to a place, spending money, doing a  all so that it's more about group video chat and nobody's the center of attention. Everyone's just chatting at once. But screen sharing takes it to the next level where nobody even has to be on camera. You could both just be sharing your screens, not looking at each other's faces, but laughing and joking around together and occasionally talking. And you know, Fortnite has similarly created a role for that for young men. And I think apps like Squad, which has a female CEO, an amazing woman named Esther Crawford, has an opportunity to do that more for young women as well as everybody. Yeah, it's really interesting actually  And so it's unique how maybe the people who are the best at using these tools actually use it in a different way than kind of the majority of folks who got boxed into thinking like, this is just like a short TV screen almost. And I actually think this is really important for mental health. I don't know about you. Did you ever spend long periods of time on the phone with your male friends growing up? Never. I didn't either. But now suddenly boys can sit together on Fortnite for hours just chatting about their life because  conversation that I think we all need to have more of. We need to have more of those vulnerable real conversations with our close friends and any product, whether that's a game like Fortnite, whether that's a screen sharing app like, uh, like squad or whether it's getting people together offline, like an app like IRL, you know, that is a great thing for destroying loneliness, making people happier, making people feel less isolated. And that's critical, especially now. Yeah. So a lot of what we've talked about so far is what I'll call more like personal and social components of our lives. Uh,  Yeah, I mean, Zoom is just blown up and blown up literally with Zoom bombing, which was this term I coined a few weeks ago. And now it's being cited by the FBI and by Eric on the CEO of Zoom as you know, this problem with people, you know, just searching out for URLs of Zoom calls and jumping into them and disrupting them or screen sharing, awful, you know, two girls, one cup and awful porn things to people's screens and really offending people. You know, it's clear that these enterprise apps have  They're both enterprise video chat products, but unlike a big square like Zoom, you know, with Loon, you record short little video clips and then send them to your coworkers and then they can watch them and they can quickly send them back. And they do a really good job of auto processing the footage and uploading it before you had finished it so you can really go back and forth. It's like a video walkie talkie for the office. And that's actually a lot more productive than just being constantly connected like you can be on Slack, where you're just always talking.  window open with Zoom that covers up your other work and you're sort of struggling to juggle apps and tabs to be able to have enough space to actually get something done around just hovers over the top of your desktop and lets you just instantly chat with people whenever you want. And it makes it really easy. It's almost like being in the same office together where you're not constantly talking, but you can be like, hey, and that's, I think it was a really good use case is thinking about how these offline products and how our offline behaviors work and how you  You can do ephemeral drawings and text over the top to label and annotate things. It's actually like all staring at one screen huddled around together. I think that's brilliant. Yeah, well, one of the things I keep going back to think through is the three things you just described all three of those companies. They're almost like a version of AR, right? Where basically you have like this shared experience. There's overlays we can interact and it's probably not the AR that I think we all initially thought that we would adopt with like the glasses overlaid on the real world being you know, the physical  Well, something like around is augmented reality. It's overlaid on the rest of your screen rather than trying to take up the whole thing. And yeah, I think we may be able to grow more comfortable with those augmented reality experiences contained within a screen then, and we have the hardware to do it already, then we're going to be able to for quite a while in the real world. You know, the fact is that augmented reality hardware for, for like eyewear is still a ways away. You know, Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel thinks it's going to be 10 years till it's mainstream.  gimbal is like it's a pretty good way to interact with technology in the real world. Yeah, it almost feels like AR and VR still got to go through the evolution that literally the phones did or even like taking headphones, right? Where like it got closer and closer to us and got smaller and smaller until eventually you get something like an AirPod, right? Or you get the ability to use the iPhone, etc. It just felt like people tried to jump from like non-existent AR, VR to like what we all think the final state is. And now what we're realizing  enterprise for the workplace long before it becomes consumer ready because in the workplace, you don't have to look carry care if you look dorky, right? It doesn't matter if you've got a big weird thing on your head, you're being paid for it. So it's okay. Or there's some sort of weird edge use case that you know, you know, you're going to do every single day, day in and day out. So it makes sense to wear a helmet that helps you do it. But in our day to day consumer lives, our patterns are always changing. We're always doing different things. We're vain. We care about how we look. We don't want to be uncool. And so I just don't really  a VR image of a tiger or a bear, like in your living room or in your kitchen. And it's cool for kids, right? Like you or I may do it to show our friend one time. It's not something that I'm doing on a daily basis or have really kind of utility for other than, hey, this is cool. But I do think that those are like small steps in the right direction. Any idea what like the best AR or VR experience that you've seen is? The best VR experience by far is the stuff that you can't actually do at home. I think the concept of the VR experience  It's a circle, but in the VR headset, they crook it so it makes it look straight. And so what basically happens is by adjusting your view very slightly, they actually put act like they subtly trick your brain into walking slightly left. And so you walk in a circle when you're thinking you're walking straight and it lets you create these very expansive VR experiences where you think you've walked a mile and you're in like a tiny warehouse. It's really brilliant. So those are fun. The void in sandbox VR.  when they took me out, I was like, no, don't make me go back, I wanna be a bird. And like, they just, they had to like drag me out of this VR experience. And so I think VR arcades are gonna be a thing, especially for embodying those fantasies that many of us have, like flying. In augmented reality, I can't say that there's some experience that when I think about it, it's like, wow, that really blew my mind and made my life better. I've gone to Sundance year after year and tried out a bunch of their experiences, Magic Leap and all this other stuff.  And so, you know, until people come up with those killer use cases, there's no way people are buying any AR hardware. Yeah, I tend to agree that it'll come. It's just going to take some time. What are your thoughts on Bitcoin and crypto? I don't know how much you've looked into it, but what's your general thoughts there? I think we're in this moment with crypto and decentralized finance and dApps where it's about usability. You know, we got this early adopter base, these developer base,  What we really need is something that's more like Facebook login, but for crypto we need something that makes it really easy for me to bring all of my crypto assets, all of my, my ideas.