 All right, guys, bang bang. I've got Chamath here with me. You need no introduction, but you've done everything from incredible investing career to also running the growth team at Facebook, built a number of companies, etc. Thanks for coming to do this. Thanks for having me on. For sure. Let's start off with a fun question. I feel like nobody ever gets asked this anymore.  And the feeling was pretty cool because I, for a while, all I really wanted to do, especially in my teens and my twenties was be rich just because it was the solution to being poor. And I had spent the first 20 years being poor and I didn't like it. So it was a good feeling, but to be honest with you, it also ended up being a little destabilizing because, and ultimately better, the destabilizing part was just going through a process of realizing that it didn't  I feel like when you start playing with big sums of money, people forget not only can you compound it faster, but you can also lose it faster. Swings are really big. And you know, you really have to, this is why I kind of like have really tried to migrate to a much more patient model of doing my job. First, I was trying to figure out how to do it. I was trying to figure out how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I started to think about, you know, how to do it. And then I  you know, in deconstructing myself over the last 10 years, I've become a better person. The byproduct is I think I make better investing decisions because I'm less prone to the wild swings that I went through. But in that process, I've been going through wild swings. Now I think the swings that I go through, I can tolerate better because they're less psychological and they're more the result of bad structural decision making versus bad emotional decision making.  of this drawdown, if you look historically, that's pretty early or kind of the beginning of the beginning, I think is a quote you used. What are some of the things that you're paying attention to that you're like, when I see X, that's when I'll start to get excited and start getting a little bit more aggressive and kind of switch from an all cash mindset to aggressiveness? Yeah, so I think the setup is important here. So, yeah, last year we were lucky. We put about 1.7 billion on the balance sheet. I had been trimming all this year. And so I'm not  Many companies could be down 60 or 70 if not completely out of business. So my mindset has been to position myself defensively, build up a cash base that we can very aggressively put to work. And so what signals am I looking at? Well, first is the signals that maybe what we're doing is the right thing. The best way that I think about this is just put yourself into the mindset of any company, right?  companies will go through because I think this is one of the best position companies. So they were before all of these, all of this craziness, going to companies, the global 1000 and basically saying, listen, like you need to upgrade two big parts of your legacy infrastructure, right? One part is about how you do all of the human capital planning and human resources management of all the people that work for you. The second piece is how you actually count all the money that you make, your general ledger, right? And so the first  There are a lot of very smart people that are telling you now that oil probably gets to $15, if not $10 a barrel. Some could go to zero. You've had the tar sands effectively trade to zero in Canada. You've had your first bankruptcy filing this morning when we woke up, which was a multi-billion dollar company in the Bakken Shale in North Dakota. So if you're an oil and gas company, you're no longer thinking about your general ledger because you have no revenue.  The closest end in banking, your market cap has been shaved by 30 to 40%, which means that you have to now start and figure out how you save from an OpEx perspective a lot of money to basically try to get profitability in line so that you can grow out of this thing. And so decisions that you could otherwise live without, you stop. And decisions that you could otherwise stall, you stall. Now, this is for one of the best-run companies in the world.  And now you look at their customers. Well, the customers, the point of sale manufacturers, right? Let's look at those companies as an example. I think there's about $15 billion of public market cap in folks that sell POSs. POSs used to stand for point of sale. It may now stand for piece of shit. The entire category has gone to zero. The entire category. $15 billion of market cap has been eviscerated. Nobody's buying point of sale software or hard-working.  I tend to think that what is going on is not a sector-based drawdown in leisure, hospitality, banking, and a couple of others. But there are implications for every single business. So why that's important is for a company to reset. I think you're going to start to hear the term zero-based budget a lot. So what is zero-based budgeting? Zero-based budgeting means you start with a clean sheet of paper and you say,  If you think about, if you're an energy business and you're thinking about, look at even Buffett's businesses. The craziest thing about Buffett's letter this year was how economically capital intensive and unproductive his energy businesses were. Their negative ROE. Well, in a world where you have energy consumption falling, I think the average power consumption has fallen by about 15% for the regional utilities, but you're forced to price within a band and you're also forced to do certain capital up  And I don't want to become too alarmist, but I do think it's something that is sort of akin to a depression. Like this is 15 to 25% unemployment and it's going to take a long time for us to sort through all the damage. Yeah, you bring up a really good point. I saw a stat yesterday that the US domestic box office, so kind of just movie theaters in general, this time last year on the week, March 20th to 26th,  of years. And so it sounds like you're making the argument like this isn't just hospitality or movie theaters. This could be kind of across industries, depending where you are and what your balance sheet looks like. There could be disappearances. You're bringing up some really good examples. So let's follow those examples. Let's traceroute those, right? This is a key word. Traceroute. Fucking follow the trail of breadcrumbs. We have, this is now the time where honestly, like the propensity to action should be avoided at all costs.  they had no time to really do a pricing elasticity and release these movies for $100 a ticket on iTunes. They released them for $20. And so it's going to be very difficult for Disney and Universal and Warner Brothers and Sony Pictures to all of a sudden come back and say, A, we're going to try to give the movie theaters back their window of exclusivity. I think that's basically very difficult, if not impossible. And then the second thing that's going to happen is that they're not going to have the same pricing power that they would have had  deflationary, right? You have a period where prices fall and fall and fall. Now in the Great Depression, the only way that we could buck that trend is to basically get rid of the gold standard, you know, in 33, I think it was. And so we're going to have to have some version of that, which is to basically create a bottom on pricing and to create a bottom on price stability. So the movie theaters more than likely go BK. And in that, if you were a read or if you were a tenant or if you own the land,  For a long time, I think in 2015 or 16, I started to become very bearish on enterprise software. And the reason was because we shifted much more towards SMB than we did towards bid market and enterprise. And the reason was because the money cycle was faster. You could put small amounts of dollars to work. The companies would sell online via credit card to other SMBs who would buy very quickly. You would show revenue trends.  a lot of carnage in the S&P space that there won't be in the enterprise space. So now go back to a company like Workday or ServiceNow or SAP or some young startups that have explicitly chosen to sell into the global 1000. Netscope is one as an example that sells security software into the global 1000. They consumed enormous amounts of capital to build their go-to-market, but in many ways,  selling to SMBs at price points that didn't make sense because you were trying to get out of a jaker, it's going to be next to impossible. The other strategy that startups also employed was being mono product, right? It was not only go to SMBs, charge something small, if anything at all, but do it for one single point solution, create a wedge and then expand. Well, again, you go back to this problem that when companies are rebuilding their expense base, what they're doing is making decisions about what costs to bear.  or Okta in that environment to be able to defend yourself adequately. So that's also a very problematic dynamic. A model product company is going to be very challenged. A SMB focused go to market sales strategy is very challenged. So to your point, like the examples of contraction, I think are numerous. The examples of  they would say all day long, oh, I can last your recession, everyone needs a haircut. Now all of a sudden, literally the government has mandated go home, right? And revenue goes to zero and can they pay their rent, et cetera. And you kind of, again, do that tracing back and you saw like Tomp is a big real estate guy who's got a bunch of hospitality real estate. And he came out pretty early and said, look, I need help because I can't give the rate of rent abatements and the things that you want me to do for these companies because I've got people that I owe money to. And you kind of go through this,  this year at a minimum 55 to 60% of GDP is going to be government sponsored, but for the foreseeable future, we're going to basically be very reliant on the government, the federal government. And then, there's another impeding sort of cataclysmic wave that we have to deal with, which is not just all these companies, but all the states and all the municipalities and counties and cities that are just going to be completely upside down on debt, but they have dramatically less flexibility  And why I think that's interesting was, I think it was interesting that there was a moment where the president about two weeks ago started to back down from naming coronavirus the China virus or the Chinese virus. At some point, I think that there was a political gambit inside the government that said, we should try to label this as a foreign scourge. And I suspect that what probably happened, not to be conspiratorial or anything is that they needed a lot of things from China and China said, listen, not only do we need a lot of things from China,  These fulcrum, it's kind of like when you look at the debt stack of a company, you look at the fulcrum asset, right? You look at the fulcrum security. That's what we call the pivot security, the thing around which everything crumbles. And it turns out that our Achilles heel are simple trading goods from countries like China that they can hold back from us. It's just incredible. And so we have to pivot to a much more resilient economic  American has no clue, you know, kind of the balance between as asset prices go down, the dollar strengthening. And obviously, the Fed's gonna have to step in, they're gonna have to do the quantitative easing, expand the balance sheet. Where do we go with that? Right? And obviously, I know that you're a big kind of schmuck insurance as Bitcoin proponent. But is this a thing where seeing, you know, the Fed balance sheet, the latest chart I saw was literally, it's just a vertical line, right? I mean, they're adding hundreds of billions of dollars. I mean, it literally just looks like it just shot straight up  when we formally abandoned the gold standard, the reality was every country realized that all of a sudden they had infinite power and it lied in each of their central banks and the ability for those central banks to print fiat money. And so ever since then, we've just basically been printing ad nauseam effectively. And what Japan has really shown over the last 20 years is as long as I keep buying my own debt, everything's going to be okay because I'm paying my  that, but overwhelmingly it's the Japanese government. So, you know, the United States can go and play this game for a while, but eventually it comes home to roost because you're going to have to start issuing paper at a higher and higher risk premium. The question is, how do you do it? And this is where things become very complicated. And so unless you find a way to break this deflationary cycle, so one can be an explicit decision to just refactor your economy.  And I think the only way to do that is to economically incentivize and essentially mandate things to be much more domestically created and produced. Because it gets us closer to full employment and it allows people to be more competitive in the job market. And it forces companies to pay employees more. It forces companies to then charge more for their products. And we break the back of this deflationary cycle because we were  as it's going to come up, but that's what third world countries do. It's a dictator playbook. Get all the assets and just print money. But it's not what the American economy should do. It's not what America should do. And it's not what the reserve currency of the world can really afford to do. So I think the only solution is path one. And it's going to require us to really look at competition, corruption, regulatory capture,  Right now the strategy has been let's buy every credit product we possibly can stuff into our mandate, right? And they're doing everything from treasuries, mortgage backed securities, corporate credit, all the way down the line. It then leads to like, well, what else can we buy? And obviously equities is kind of this like religious topic that once you step across that line, I think there's a lot of people that start yelling and screaming. How do you just like evaluate, should they do it? Should they not? Would it be helpful? And kind of navigate that.  These are just like not correlated things. They don't really touch each other really. But, you know, triple B corporate credit versus triple A corporate credit live in a very interconnected stack ultimately. And those live in a stack that are related to munis and related to mortgage backed securities and related to the CDS that you layer on top of baskets of all of these things. It's a much more complicated, important market for how capital markets and economies run, debt are, debt is.  I mean, just literally when you look at the numbers, you're like, it's impossible to get back to where they need to get. I don't care if they've got the best investors in the world running these things. Is the solution only a bailout, right? Or let it fail? I mean, is that basically it's a binary let it fail or bail them out? And people are gonna choose? The bailout isn't going to be to corporates. I think the bailout is going to happen at the city, county and state level. And here's the problem.  And this is where, again, I go back to like, before you go there, you have to realize that that is a never ending spiral. And you have to try everything else before you do that. But the unfunded pension obligations that sit in companies are important. But at the end of the day, that is also a function of haphazard management in part. What's much more critical are the pensions of states and cities and municipalities,  And now they're worried about being able to service some of the bonds, etc, that they've issued. And so they're turning to the government and saying, hey, we need a bailout too, right? And you just get in this world of everyone needs help. And I agree with you, it's going to be hard to cherry pick, well, we'll help you and we won't help you, because now you're playing kingmaker. Well, I think it's even harder than that. How do you know who to help? Meaning, okay, you can get away with it. Like, let's just say you actually try to be  And if you take the 22 trillion of GDP and layer on all the pensions and layer on all these other things, it's a drop in the bucket. I mean, like we need to come up with $50, $60 trillion when it's all said and done. So even if he had done it, and even if he had done it poorly, what we would realize is cherry picking doesn't work. It's an all or none problem. This is why I think again, we have to go back to, we have to spend our way and try to inflate our way out of it. And basically what we have to do  over a long period of time, how have your views on Bitcoin kind of changed over time and have you bought more Bitcoin, sold Bitcoin or changed anything in kind of fully allocation standpoint? So first of all, I think you said it exactly right, which is that I think that this is the setup, meaning I think Bitcoin needed a moment like this for it to be relevant. In 2003, sorry, 2013, I bought a lot and at one point I think I had almost 5% of all  And then it allows them to run a big business which generates cash and I can get a cash and you know dividend stream So I have not bought since I initially Basically wrote that article for Bloomberg in 2013 My thoughts are the following right now I think what you're seeing is that it's still a speculative instrument and it's too speculative for it to be reliable So if you're going to  Well, those 500 basis point moves in the absence of some massive exogenous event take years to play out. In that, there's value because it allows more market participants to be active in that market so that they can use it as a critical pillar of how they run their business. But now all of a sudden, if you have 2,000 basis point moves a half hour, you can't effectively use it. What it does is it  We are driving slowly, but we are driving towards a top of a cliff. And then we're going to drive much, much faster down that cliff or down that hill. And at the end of it is a huge brick wall. The way we avoid it is by pivoting to a resilient economy where we introduced inefficiency and cost and inflate our way out of it or debasement.  to 13,000, it just, it doesn't matter. This is either zero or it's millions. Because what it will do is it will create a quasi gold standard. It'll create an index, except instead of having to own gold, where gold is owned by central banks, it is an instrument that has value that's determined by and between its participants and it's owned by everybody.  If you're using as schmuck insurance as I was, you were kind of hoping it would never come in. But now if the probability was 1% that it would be valuable, unfortunately, the probability is now probably like 5% or 10%. And there's a real chance by 2030, we don't find a way to inflate our way out of this. And that the only way to break the back of deflation is essentially to create some quasi-faceted  actually seeing the failure of the fiat currency experiment. Now it's not going to happen tomorrow. It's over a long period of time. But once you got off that gold standard, it introduced some advantages, but it also introduced some disadvantages. And there's this guy in San Francisco, Brent Johnson, at Santiago Capital that I interviewed. And he's got this theory, he calls it the dollar milkshake theory, which is all these central banks are introducing liquidity into the world, and the US actually has the straw. So they get to suck all of the value into the dollar, right? So everyone's introducing liquidity, US sucks it in.  So, I think that's a good point.  they're defend what they own because who wants to own pesos or bot or, I mean, you just don't want to do that. Ray eyes, it doesn't make any sense. And the risk for all of those currencies and those markets is quite negative, quite, quite, quite negative. So there'll probably be a bit there. It's just insufficient. Again, I go back to, we have to remember the gross tonnage matters here. And the fucking fruit peddler in Sri Lanka, just he doesn't  I want to switch gears real quick. A couple of years ago, maybe two years ago now, you made a pretty big, I think, strategic move in the way that you started to allocate capital. And the way that I read it was you wanted to make much more concentrated bets where you had higher conviction and a lot of managing outside capital and things like that kind of prevented that. When you look at your portfolio today, you basically have three public securities that make up almost 100%, if not 100% of your portfolio. You got a cash, you got the illiquid stuff. Kind of looking back, good decisions,  I would have just done it all on one day and walked in and said, here's what's happening. Here's everybody's severance packages. Here's what you guys could make. And I wish you the best. Sign this and let's be done and shake hands. I didn't really have the courage because it was a process where I was evolving to this place over a year. And so I kind of trickled my way into the decision. Do I regret the outcome? No, I kind of regret the process. I wish that that was better. But my setup right now,  to internalize. Okay, we're all equal. But it doesn't mean that we're irrelevant. So being powerless is one thing, but we are very relevant. I am relevant to my friends and my family, and I have a responsibility to be really functional for them in moments like this. So it's about maintaining clarity, making sure I realize how lucky I am, being appreciative, staying healthy, helping my family, talking to my friends,  I write my friends' names on there and I cycle through it and I make calls. I have books that I try to read, passages that I try to just stay focused and then when it's time to be with my family, really be present with them. That's how I measure it. In my professional life, I have always wanted to be the best at something. I just didn't know what that was and I wanted to push myself to try to be the best. And right now, I'm in a lucky position where  you like I've been trimming where markets were down 10,000 or 1,000 where markets were up 1,000 where, you know, and I see all these folks who would be like, oh, I, you know, clipped the top and I, you know, covered my shorts at the bottom. And I think, wow, I'm an idiot. I mean, I didn't do any of those things. I've just been dollar cost averaging my way to more liquidity. And it would make me feel insecure, but I had to battle through that and put myself in a position now where I have an even bigger cash pile.  I need to firewall my personal life so that I can still be functional because this is a moment where I'm trying to learn how to have equanimity. And I think if you look at the best people in work, at any work, they have an equanimity to it. They are humble enough to realize they're a participant, that they're not some all-seeing, all-powerful person.  I think a lot of people are saying, when's Omaha gonna move type thing? For you, where are you going to look? Is it public markets? Is it looking at kind of more of the hard tech stuff that you've been talking in the private markets? Is it maybe something that we aren't expecting like real estate or other assets? How do you think about, okay, I've got a couple billion dollars, how do I 10X it? There's a lot of risk involved in that obviously, right? So how do you kind of think through that? The way that I'm asking the question right now is first and foremost, what is not going to change?  Um, all what this moment is good at doing is clarifying a hierarchy of needs. Um, and so the first thing that we're doing, and this is for us and my team and I, a multi-week process is just reunderwriting what are our basic needs? And that's what I'm doing right now. And I'm trying to ask myself just really simple kind of basic questions where I could look at my kids and if I tell them, here are the things that will never change, they'll be like, yeah, it makes sense.  And I think one thing that we have realized is how misconfigured telecom infrastructure, wireless infrastructure, and the wireless providers functionally are. So let's think about this. They have physical wire line infrastructure. They have very complicated, very expensive wireless infrastructure that doesn't really support massive, massive throughput.  way for you to interact. If you want to switch your plan, if you want to upgrade your plan, if you want to switch carriers, you know, they've been, they've been resistant to e-SIMs. Now you're sitting at home and even if you wanted to switch, every carrier is thinking of themselves.