 All right, guys. Bang, bang. We have the absolute pleasure, hopefully, of being blessed by Miss Polina Marinova, my fiancé, the founder of The Profile, and a bunch of other amazing, cool things. Thanks for doing this. Thank you for having me. I can't believe I'm doing this, but here I am. She's been a staff member.  In 1999 so we moved to the United States when I was eight or nine years old Where's Bulgaria a lot of people don't know where that is It's right above a borders Greece and Turkey in Romania, okay, let's talk about the citizenship Application process. I know the story obviously of how your dad won it and I'll just summarize it with He basically looked around the room and said who's every single person I could file  in hopes of attracting people from different countries and having them immigrate in a legal way. But the reason it's a lottery and not merit-based is because a lot of these countries, there's a ton of corruption. So even if you are like, okay, let's have you take a test and then you can come, a lot of times it's like the corrupt politicians' kids who are gonna take the test because it just doesn't work. This lottery is awesome.  that you can stay with so that you can prove you're not gonna come to the US and be homeless. And could those people greet you at the airport, provide a place to live and help you find a job? So yeah, my family didn't know anybody in the United States, but I think my grandfather knew some people who were here and happy to greet us. Got it. And so it's obviously a really complex  So I spent the summer kind of like watching TV and trying to understand English before school. And I started school in August, but for some unknown reason, they put me in fourth grade here. And I, the biggest, I didn't speak any English, but the biggest advantage I had was that in Bulgaria in second grade, we were solving for X in math and I was terrible in math there, but here people thought I was a genius.  me she saw, you know, I was curious, I liked books, but I couldn't really understand them. So she would start with like the baby books, like the really small basic books, make me go home with them and then tell me like, go home, use the dictionary and translate the words until you understand. So that's what I did. And then like the level of book escalated from there and I loved it. All right. So you're doing that.  I have a feeling we wouldn't have been friends. But so of course, like, and I totally get it now, but like moving from a different country in fourth grade, of course, you're like the weird kid that's going to get picked on that doesn't speak English. Like it's just terrible. And so I didn't really have many friends. There was a girl in my class who was also from Bulgaria. So I had her. But did you guys speak Bulgarian? Yes.  they were always like, oh my God, like please stop talking so I can watch the news. And I hated the news. I like, I knew when that thing came on, I couldn't speak. So it was just like a horrible time for me. But then I went to high school and I was pretty shy. Like I didn't, I didn't like talking to new people or strangers for no reason. Like there was, I was like, why would I ever do that? Like I have my friends. I don't need to embarrass myself and talk to other people.  It was really interesting. I got to talk to all sorts of people and interview the principal. How big of a deal that is in high school. I was not trying to talk to the principal. You talked to them for other reasons. They wanted to talk to me, but I was, you know. So, yeah, I had the best time. So I loved writing articles. I liked interviewing people. I liked writing. And from there, I just went all in to the journalism path. And I don't know if, I was actually in the science  I was athletic at chess.  It's perfect. Look at our office now. All right. So speaking of the school newspaper, you made national headlines in college for basically being a gangster and leading a walkout. Tell us about this. Oh, God. I know all the secrets, so I get asked all the questions. Yeah, and it's so funny that it was like me, right? Because you know me. Like I'm not very rebellious or looking for trouble. But basically what happened was  like, editor in chief, like my dream, all this, all my life. And suddenly, this rogue board member from the board of directors comes into the newsroom and says, you know what, we're losing a ton of money. You guys don't know what you're doing. We're just gonna basically take away student independence and have a professional run this. And that's it. And I was just like, yeah, that's not gonna happen because the students  who were upset about something in an article and would have to defend why we did it or whatever and then maybe have a serious conversation with the reporter afterwards. But you were kind of the face of this institution. By the way, I'm laughing because you think that that's cool. And that sounds like a nightmare to me. Well, yeah, but it's like you learn, right? Yeah, I got you. I can see why it would be cool to somebody who likes that. It was an amazing learning experience. And then suddenly, like I'm in the situation where I have to make an ethical decision  the editorial independence away from the students. So I said, I'm stepping down and it was like in a movie. Like, you know, when it was so cool, because these were my friends and because we had worked together for four years, everybody was like, well, I'm going to leave too. And I'm going to leave too. So it was just like everybody walked out, got in our cars and left and went into this like super hot apartment. It was mid August, no AC. And we just sat there and we're like, what are we going to do now? And we definitely didn't think it would be a big story, but that's where it went.  I agree with, but I hope that if I'm ever in a situation and there's an ethical dilemma, I will always do what's right. And that's what I felt like we did. So then, yeah, so long story short, we met with the board of directors, the students talked to them and we came to a resolution and the paper is still independent today. All right, good job. So how do you get from Georgia to Fortune Magazine where you worked for five years?  Yeah, like why did you want to come to New York? Because there's a lot of people who think that's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. But to me, it's like I felt like in a weird way, like Atlanta was like too small for what I wanted to do. At least I thought at 21 years old, I was like, New York is where media is and like dreams are. So that was where as where pompous to, you know, I go ahead. So, yes, I I did. I interviewed a ridiculous number  All right, I'm gonna give you a bunch of shit. This is not one of the things I'm gonna give you shit about. You went from the social media editor at Fortune magazine to writing term sheet, which is probably the most popular widely read thing in tech, finance, business, private equity, kind of, but those guys are weird. How does that happen? How do you do that in a span of three or four years?  understand like 10% of what was said in it. After a while you start like understanding like, oh, Facebook bought this little startup and like why? And that's interesting. But I genuinely had no idea. What were some of the weirdest things that you remember reading that you didn't understand? Like I know one time you told me dry powder. Yeah, what the hell is dry powder? Yeah. Right. Unspent money. There's a lot of people who wish they had dry powder. Why wouldn't you just say, or money that's not deployed or? Well, it's because you got to  go, he had just left fortune to go do for Rada Axios and term sheet was being authored by Erin Griffith. So I started helping Erin compile the term, the deal section, which wasn't that hard, right? Like it's pretty formulaic. You see a press release of this company about this company and you put it in like a formula and you publish it. Don't tell people the secrets. Everyone thinks it's really hard. Yeah.  scared were you? I mean, you were here. You know how scared I was. How scared I know. You were. I've never seen you so scared of anything in your life. And I was like, all you have to do is write. But you've been doing this your whole life. Yeah. And it's like, this is the thing about writing something you're not confident writing is like, I over prepare when I'm insecure about something. I like make sure I research it, over research it, over prepare, interview or talk to a bunch of people. So I would literally in the those first few days, I would wake up at 4 30 a.m. then yell at him because  I got a lot I got a lot of stories to tell but go ahead you tell whatever you want to tell I won't embarrass you so you won't interrupt no because he has some fake news with his story so this is why I want to tell it first um so okay so this is 2016 I'm just living my life being a great reporter and I just talked me on the internet that's  And people that we know would share them on their face. Exactly. So there was like a mutual friend who was on it who shared it and the people that he knows had liked, I guess the video. So it was at the time right when Facebook came out with that love feature, like that heart feature. So I was like, thumbs up, thumbs down, laughing face. So I was like, who the hell is loving this video? Like that is so weird. One of them was my stepmom and the second person was  and all this stuff. Another friend of mine. How am I supposed to know? Go ahead. And what I do is, if you guys don't know this trick, it's a great trick if you're a reporter or if you just want to look at who shared a link that you like or whatever, you take the link and you put it in the search bar and it shows you every person that's ever shared it and maybe not tagged you. So I do that for all my articles just to see who's sharing it, who's whatever. And who shared it? Me.  I gave you a pity follow and I liked my article and I retweeted my article. So just so we're clear, no, no, just so we're clear, I'm taking over now. If you're sitting there and all of a sudden in your notifications, you only have 700 followers, you get like no notifications. And then all of a sudden you're like, oh my God, this girl liked, retweeted and followed me. Her article. She's harassing me on the internet. She's stalking me. And therefore I messaged you and I said,  Yes, and I sent you a list of the companies Yes, before we met every single one and you did have my notes from them and the ones that have that I said would implode haven't floated Yeah, the the ones that if I just listened to her advice, we probably could have saved a lot of money But I made more money actually And so when we met for coffee You have to tell the story. I'll let you tell the story, but you have to tell But you have to tell the story the only story I'll ask you to tell and then we'll move on so because I can tell that you're embarrassing  I literally had to stop at a CVS because I was crying from the like wind. She had to fix her makeup because she was coming to meet me. That's okay. That's not true. Anyway, so I get to the coffee shop. I need him and he's wearing a hat. You had on a hoodie and you had on jeans that were like way too big for you. Remember? Cause you were really skinny. Well, it was really skinny at the time. I was skinny at the time.  So when you put your coat on, if you're not sitting on the chair, when you get up, your chair falls. So I heard them say like cappuccino and I was like, oh, is that mine? So get up and my chair would fall and like, oh, okay, that's fine. Happened one time and it hurt cappuccino was not there. So she came back, sat down and said, oh my God, I can't with my chair fell over. That was embarrassing. Okay. I did not say a word. I didn't say a word. Kept talking.  And it took every ounce of self-discipline I have to not say a single word. And she picked up, or I think I actually picked up the chair. You sat back down and we continue the conversation as if the chair didn't fall over three times. I don't know what I was, I don't know. Yeah. Okay. So that happened. All right. Can you also tell the one story? Remember when I asked you if you were athletic back in high school? I just want you to tell the story of the time that you pulled your muscle  like we're serious and I was like I'm literally dying. Like the most nerd thing of all time literally walking to the library she pulled a muscle or hamstring and like not in like a fashion of like that kind of hurt like grab your leg like is in the like oh I just got shot she grabbed her leg and literally like through her purse at me and like howled for a second and I had to look around and I was like did somebody stab you what happened. But this is also the story of how you carried my bag all  good long-form journalism because at the time a lot of media organizations were kind of aggregating a lot of stories it was it was a lot to read a lot of crap before you could get through like the meat and really good stories so I was like I'll create this email and I'll compile some of the best profiles because I really love profiles on people and companies that I find across the web whether that's fortune Forbes GQ ESBS sports illustration  my life is evaluated on, am I going to die? Or is there zero chance of dying and doing this? 90? Well, for me, 85% of the things are in the you're not going to die category. So safer than the other ones you get into the you're not going to die category. It's like, what's the risk reward? And 95% of those things are like, super high reward, compared to the risk. So like, why not do it? Did that? Did you?  we did looking back, I have no clue how all five of us are still alive and all five of us still have every arm and leg. No clue. But that's basically taking that evaluation of decisions as a child to like now it's like, okay, you want to start this thing like go do it. Yeah, stop talking about it. So yeah, so I was talking about it for a really long time. And then finally, he was like, why don't you just do it. And I did it and I love it. All right. So you started three years ago.  that she would get mad at me for otherwise? All right, go ahead. And now I have to think about what you said for something to get mad at you about Weeter. But yeah, no, I loved Fortune. The best part of it was term sheet and talking to the community of people and getting to interview so many, I mean, I talked to like Melinda Gates. Like when do you ever get to interview Melinda Gates? So- She's a gangster. She is. But I think I was back.  miserable because like I would wake up and be like, oh my god, I want to do this and then go to bed. No, no, no, no, I can't, I can't, I can't. And I kept going back and forth and just like mentally that's really disruptive. So he made me write down like a list of reasons to leave reasons not to. And yeah, can we talk about this thing? Can we talk about this list? So finally, for everyone that's out there, if you have a significant other, if you have a good friend, if you have anyone who's going through one of these times where they don't know  do this or do that or whatever, even though like in those times, I think if you're a person like me, you like kind of crave, not validation, yeah, kind of validation and like somebody telling me like, yes, this is the right decision. But like you never said, yes, this is absolutely the right decision or that is the right decision. So. Because I didn't want to be blamed if you did something and it didn't work. Like it's not, it's not my choice. It's your choice. Yeah. All right. So you make this list and ladies and gentlemen, let me tell you this list.  the risk was pathetic le right. But you also have t place where I spent five y lot of my identity was ti and to suddenly say, no, this thing that nobody kn it doesn't even like, it' that's backed by any sort myself. Uh, you're really  was spreading and honestly it was in a weird way. There was so much uncertainty that I think my brain just kind of like freaked out and calmed down because on it nobody knows what's going to happen. There's so much uncertainty that you can't even plan. So so I started it at a time where a lot of uncertainty but at the same time I think a lot of people want to read good high quality content and they have time for it. So in a weird twisted way I'm  And do you agree with it now? I think your logic was if you put something into the world, people will want to support you and help you build it. Because, you know, that's how people are. And if you tell if you tell people your goals, they're more likely to want to help you be successful than they are to judge you for that being your goal. Right. I didn't know that. I do not. I thought people would be judgmental. And the questions I thought I was going to get is why  with a photographer who went viral during the quarantine for asking a girl out by sending her a drone with his phone number on it. But he's also, he does a lot of portrait photography, so we talked about that. And then I'm also planning some virtual events for next week. And so I'm staying busy. All right, so the first day was last Monday, working at the profile. And for somebody who's in and constantly talking to her,  because it was such a like pure view into like the enthusiasm of starting something. Are you still excited? I'm so excited. I love it. Why? I just, there's something about like doing something for other people that gives you joy. I genuinely like am excited to send them the newsletter and I'm like, Oh my God, they're going to learn something today. Cause I learned something. You know what I mean? So I, I still love it.  you've surpassed that already. So it's like, I couldn't have even imagined you doing this one. So it's a compliment, not mansplaining. I mean, actually know what, what is mansplaining? I think you just mansplaining mansplaining. It's okay. Just, what is it? It's, I'll tell you later. I feel like that's a woman's planning, but okay. And then you're also doing the dossiers. Yeah. Explain that. And so for the paying a tier, I've added a new section called the profile dossier where  poker player and she talks a lot about decision making when you actually don't have an idea of what the future holds. So coming from that I did an information binge on her and compiled the best ideas from her interviews, podcasts, TED talks, everything she's done into one dossier.  and you also are added to a telegram group of other profile readers where we talk about all sorts of stuff and debate all sorts of ideas and it's my favorite place on the internet. And then in the future, I'll also have member-only events as well. Got it. Okay. How much does it cost? It costs $10 a month or $50 a year. It's a great investment. Yeah. Why wouldn't people just buy 50? No brainer. Okay. All right. Moving on. So I'm just saying we're going to take, we took a bunch of questions.  building products or building new things in the future. But what I think my opinion is that people subscribe to people, not large faceless organizations. So that means that's why if you notice, newsletters are having such a moment, why Twitter personalities are having such a moment. People want to know, like it's just much easier for me to build a relationship with you as a person.  entertainment legend. What's his name? Joe Exotic, right? All right. So Joe Exotic, let's start with him. What did you think? Watch the whole thing. Well, no, we have one more episode. Oh, we have one episode left. I don't actually, yeah, go, just go. So here's my opinion. For some reason, I did a podcast yesterday and I talked about this as well. I don't know why. Because it's a hot topic. I'm relevant. I'm cultural. I know what's going on in the world. I'm just trying to, you know, freshen things up. No, no.  person and actually Carol's doing it even better than he is. She's killing on social media, but I think that basically they are running cults masquerading as big cat sanctuaries or zoos. Do we think that she killed her husband? Um, I mean, we don't have all the facts, but like they presented it pretty strongly like, ah, it seems like this guy disappeared and there's some foul play. I don't know. You don't know. I don't know.  of quarantine life with y from charlie Bleaker, Blieke Street. All right. Street pizza. Yeah, of cour got to get some pizza wha night. Don't judge. Um, alr of quarantine life with yo go first best best. Um, it's  virus theories in. So here's the short story is I have this problem where I'm so used to always talking on speakerphone or with AirPods in like I forget that the phone works and you put it to your ear which sounds ridiculous but just whatever and so I got woken up by somebody calling me and I jumped up out of bed and ran in the other room and was talking to this person but I had it on speakerphone and there was a text message that was sent to me but because I was on speakerphone and I was talking I  I say all the time, Plina is absolutely my best friend. We have a blast together. She did not pay me to say that either. She didn't have enough money to pay me to say that because I don't have enough money to pay her to say that about me either because we actually love each other. But, you guys see how I'm getting points right now? The worst moment was not to do with her, but we had to reschedule our wedding. So we were gonna get married in the middle of April. We had to push it out a couple of months.  pretty much the opposite of me a lot of times. But there was one person, an airline, United, who would not give us a refund for flights for people from outside of the country coming here, even though that country has a ban on travel. So literally, it is against the government's law to have those people travel to the United States. And United would not give us a refund. And so Polina had a very unexpected, yet still polite, but very unexpected,  I'm chill am I not you think that's because I'm just an angel and I do nothing wrong