 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Matt here with me. I feel like we are deep into the quarantine. Got the quarantine beards, no haircuts, just ready to rock and roll. Matt, I appreciate you jumping on and recording this on short notice. Yeah, absolutely. Thanks for having me, Pop. For sure. Let's just jump right in. Let's go over your background.  We've now become one of the largest distributors of ASICs to the US market. Over the past year, we've sold about 30,000 ASICs to the US market. We place miners in co-location facilities. We do research. We've got a Bitcoin pool. And now we're really building out our research arm to educate the market in the US. Our goal is to bring as much hash to the US because we need this decentralized market to be able to do that.  managing the site. So with that, we deeply understand the Bitcoin network. We've got a large, we've visited sites in Chengdu, China, on the Pacific Northwest, upstate New York, and that allows us to deeply understand the network. What electricity rates are at all around the world? Who's mining? And what mining rigs are they running? Are they running old gen technology or new gen  what type of technology miners are running. And through that, we can estimate and understand what different miners' break-even prices are. Now, many analysts have said that the cost of production for a miner is price support. When you read our research report, you'll see that it's not price support for Bitcoin. It actually accelerates sell-offs in the price of Bitcoin. The key expense  they start approaching, when Bitcoin starts approaching the breakeven price of a miner at 6 cents, their margins become compressed. Their net profitability decreases and they have to sell more of that Bitcoin. Their revenue is coming in as Bitcoin and as that margin compression happens, they have to sell more Bitcoin. So now when a miner goes under their breakeven price, now they have to pull Bitcoin from their treasury and sell that to fund their Bitcoin.  cycles.  it it it went down from about 7,800 all the way to maybe 3,800. There was only strong hands left, right? Anyone else who was holding the Bitcoin, that's a lot of strong hands. But we've we've we've had difficulty rallying. I mean, I think overall the overarching theme is the U.S. equity market and the global macro. But overall, yes, a lot of holders blew out, but we still had the strong  inefficient miners blow out. We model the network in eight layers. Layer one being miners with 2.5 cent electricity or lower. Layer two being 3 cents, 4 cents, 5, 5.5, 6 cents, 6.5, and then 7 cents are above. So that's the layers. Then we broke that down further into who's running old gen versus who's running next gen. Now this is what's really interesting. We've had this  occurring, about 60-65% is next gen. These miners at $0.07, which is quite high, running next gen equipment have a lower breakeven price than these miners in China with $0.03 running old gen equipment. And that has changed up the game, and that's going to keep more cell pressure on the network for what we believe to be another three to four months. I'll go into our later thesis of what we've  adjustments in Bitcoin's history. And we were monitoring the pools. We saw a lot of the Asian pools lose more hash than some of the American pools. So to us, that's signal of miners in the East that are running old gen technology. They're probably the ones that were shutting off. And that's a really healthy thing for the network. When we go through having  I just don't understand how Satoshi did it in 2009 or 2010 because it's a self-correcting mechanism. Right now in the world, we have this monetary policy where central bankers can just print and manipulate. In the Bitcoin network, everything is controlled by code. The monetary policy is controlled by code. And when people become inefficient, they shut off  these inefficient miners at the higher layers, they blow out, difficulty adjusts, and Bitcoin starts getting allocated to the miners that still survive. And then their margins normalize, and it goes the other way. So it's a very interesting mechanism, and it's self-correcting. There isn't manipulation. And that kind of goes into our later thesis, which we can talk about, which I think is gonna  to sell 100% to fund operations and then some that are maybe selling only 10%. And then if you kind of back into the larger miners probably have lower cost power, you can really start to understand how much of the cell pressure on a daily basis is coming from miners or is that just too many unknown variables and therefore difficult to come up with right now? No, that's a great question. In our report, we model all that out. We have these large tables in the research report, these Excel tables, and that's exactly what we're doing.  and they have to sell 66% of their electricity if they're at, for example, six cents. And then if they're at five cents, maybe they only have to sell 50%. And if they're at three cents, they only have to sell 30%. And that's what's key. You brought that up and that's what's so helpful for the network. When these miners who are operating almost at break even, they have to sell 80 to 100% of their Bitcoin blow out. And now their Bitcoin is getting allocated to these efficient miners  and we're interested in the intermediate to long-term, right? So I'm interested in what's net money in, net money out. Miners are bringing net money out because they're getting new Bitcoin and they're selling it to fund electricity. Now, demand and positive sentiment is what brings funds and hodlers to bring new cash in. And we think, and that counterbalances miner cell pressure. Now that miner cell pressure will get reduced when inefficient miners are operating  All the old generation equipment for the most part is going to shut off. Markets are supposed to be one of the most efficient price discounting mechanisms, future discounting mechanisms. I think equity markets, the larger the market, the more efficient. Crypto markets are probably one of the less efficient markets out there, but there's still efficiencies.  where a utility has excess power and they might get, they'll be smart enough to get involved. We have clients capturing the natural gas and they're running at one cent power. That's gonna be a boom in the US. The group that we're working with is a steel mill and some of their jobs are getting repurposed to Bitcoin mining. I mean, the revolution that's gonna happen with Bitcoin mining is about  And Bitcoin is just, it's 10 years old. It's a commodity in its infancy. You look at oil, gold, soybeans, all the suppliers are, they're the ones controlling the supply and they kind of influence price. Well, they hedge out 12 months, right? With their futures contracts and their forwards, you know, cargo, a Barrett gold, Aramco, they all have 20 man trade desks hedging out the product with Bitcoin.  released, smoother and volatility gets sucked out more, it becomes a better store of value and it becomes a better digital gold. I mean, if oil was just fluctuating like crazy, it is. I mean, most people don't realize commodities are some of the most volatile assets. So you want to point to Bitcoin and talk about volatility. I mean, oil was at 150 in 2009, 2010 and now it's hit $20. So there you go.  better exchanges, we're going to have derivative products, they're going to start using better schedules for treasury management, volatility will get sucked out, and it's going to be a more usable digital gold because volatility gets sucked out and now people are going to use it more. And most importantly, it's all happening right in front of our face. The futures market is very robust with the same options. Yep, go ahead.  and clients in January. So we were kind of expecting the sell off. And we think that Bitcoin is probably in a trading range and it'll continue to stay in quite compressed margins for miners going into habit. Now, once we go through having the miners revenue is going to get slashed in half. This is one we're going to experience what I call, I think it's going to be a healthy cleanse of the network.  you're at four cents or h running the newest equipme and a half cents, seven s gonna have to shut off. just listed off about 40% in the report. We really lay o what is that? It's not a l can't just turn off their not going to just turn off there friction. Um, you know, pe  Um, and, and once they're, they started defaulting on rent, which might take two or three months, then the facility kicks them out. So we think once having hits, we're going to experience this massive difficulty adjustment because inefficient miners are going to shut off. Um, and we think it could take maybe made through potentially July of friction of people shutting off people wiping out, throwing in the towel, um, and completely shutting off.  get the Bitcoin that so those miners who are run who shut off about 40% of them once they shut off that Bitcoin's got to go somewhere. It's going to go to the people that last mining is about survivability. You just need to survive. If you survive difficulty will adjust in the future and it's going to it's going to improve your margins because the people that are inefficient their Bitcoin is going to go to you. So what that does is  a lot of self pressure is going to get removed from the network and that's how we position to have the next leg up. So it's going to be an exceptional improvement on the supply side. And we think that's going to, it'll take maybe May through July or early August for all that to kind of shuffle off. And it's going to be a lot of pressure.  It's market cycles, it's economic cycles. When you're printing, it's cycles. It's a process. You don't just inject 6 trillion and everything's fixed. It's gonna be a process of many more injections and people aren't just gonna, it's not gonna be business as normal once we get back. Once we eradicate this disease, people are gonna be very cautious. Companies are gonna be very cautious with spending and we think it's gonna take  where our, I think a lot of people are going to go, our present system is broken. You could print as much as you want, buying all types of assets, but this Bitcoin, what is this technology? It's dictated by code. The inflation rate is fixed and then it halves. No one can mess with that. And when you get  and envision the possibilities of Bitcoin actually getting adopted. Bitcoin doesn't have to get adopted for there to be a bull market. Speculators just need a secondary market with liquidity, so the ability to speculate, and they need to envision the possibilities and imagine the possibilities. And I think that's what's gonna happen. I think the supply side is gonna be extremely well positioned for Bitcoin around  It's going to allow people to say, look at this parallel financial system. We prefer that over Donald Trump pressuring Jerome Powell to print. And when you get speculators, when you get a technology in its infancy that's disruptive like Bitcoin, you get speculators starting to imagine and envision the possibilities of this technology coming to fruition.  oil realize, hey, rather than just selling the barrels of oil, I can actually use that to generate power and I should be mining crypto at a much more profitable manner, or even maybe some of the other excess power producers kind of going in as well and starting to realize this? Or do you think that we're still far away from what I'll call traditional industry or traditional energy producers kind of crossing the chasm into Bitcoin mining? That's a great question.  They're using these natural gas generators and the power is very cheap. I have another client. We just had a call with them last week. It's two individuals out west and they are doing the same thing to a smaller scale, but they're going to ramp up because they've identified the opportunity and they're going to capture it. They're in Texas and they're capturing the flare gas.  a byproduct that's being leveraged. So yeah, we see an opportunity there. I'm not as proficient as explaining it because I'm not doing it, but I have clients that are, and they're making exceptional money doing it. One cent electricity and mining Bitcoin. So there's going to be synergies where you could bring Bitcoin mining to these fields, put down a container, have the natural gas generator  oil, they have it all. So we're going to leverage it and it makes me very bullish for Bitcoin. Yeah, so in the US, I mean, there's people I think don't realize there's so much energy abundance in the US. In Kentucky, we're using hydro. There's a lot of hydro in upstate New York, Pacific Northwest. Texas has wind, solar.  You know, as as a hedge fund manager, you want to assure you can have a grasp of your risk. You don't want to deploy something in China or Russia. And overnight, someone shuts down your mind. Right. In the US, you have that stability. And most importantly, you have redundancy. The grid. When was the last time we had a blackout in the US? People are deploying stuff in Venezuela, Iran. I think 20 percent of the day they have blackouts in the US. The bandwidth, the Internet connectivity, these miners need to be connected at 100 percent uptimes. Right.  and the numbers show it. And that's why the acceleration, the growing market is North America. And that's exceptional for the Bitcoin network, because you want this decentralization. We want more hash in the US. We don't want all the ASIC manufacturers in China and 65% of the hash in China and the majority of the pools in China, right? So we want this decentralized network. It's a significant value act. And it's part of the fundamental  Um, I think, I think the, for them yet. Uh, you kno large where for them to t 50 million a year or someth I think it doesn't move yet. Uh, but but in in f this truly gets commodit think that utility comp  getting created. And as Bitcoin continues to mature, people are going to feel more comfortable with it. When fidelity is getting involved, you get better custody, right? When you get better markets that you can rely on. We have miners who are publicly traded and they want to use an American mining pool who gets like a SAC report so that  There's been disruption everywhere. I haven't seen a ton of disruption in the mining space. We're still selling mining rigs. Think about how bullish that is. You have miners in 40, 50 plus countries that are buying infrastructure dedicated just for Bitcoin. There's been billions of dollars allocated towards mining Bitcoin, securing the network, the infrastructure. That's network effects. That's value.  Otherwise, the network keeps settling blocks, right? So that's the value of decentralization right there. Miners all around the world in different sovereign countries, that is very, very powerful. So people always talk about network effects. I think the biggest network effect in Bitcoin is the miners and the billions of dollars they're spending towards facilities, power contracts,  probably reminiscence of a Why? That's that was when I, getting into equities, uh, my p So when I started getting markets around 14 or 15 a book he referred to me, uh, and that's really what h my, uh, you know, my, my financial services, you k  secondary market, and that's how these things happen. It's happened time after time in history. It repeats itself. Technology and intensity that's disruptive. Secondary liquid market. Speculators being able to imagine the possibilities of it coming to fruition. Parabolic bull market. For sure. Before I let you ask me one question to finish up, I asked everyone about aliens. Believer, non-believer.  the Bitcoin space.  over long periods of time, it ends up working out really well. And so I think just time is kind of the passage of time for the most exciting thing to me. Absolutely. I mean, you're rarely gonna find a successful pessimist. You gotta stay optimistic. So I completely agree with you. Absolutely. Well, where can people find you and the company online? You can go to blockworsetolutions.com.  reach out to us. Always happy to answer questions and put out the best information we can. Absolutely. Joe's got you hooked up there with the Twitter account. Listen, I really appreciate you doing this, Matt. I think that people are really going to enjoy hearing from you, especially around kind of the halving and a lot of the minor cell pressure, etc. So we'll have to do this again, maybe post halving at some point later this year, but I really appreciate the time to go over all this with us. Absolutely, yes.