 What is the best way to get through this?  And of course, not only did I do that, then I built an app around it and I partnered with a local coffee shop to buy all these unused Starbucks cards and start making rent. And so I turned that into an early Bitcoin project way back when called cardforcoin.com and we would just buy your Starbucks cards for 60 cents on the dollar. And this is the funny thing. I wasn't really in crypto, but I was trying to build this site and PayPal was like, oh, gift cards? No, we're not going to.  could decentralize these gift card marketplaces. What if I could get in kind of fancy and I went through all the stuff on Bitcoin like Omni back in the day and kind of all the second layer toys looked at stuff like Open Bazaar and eventually I actually started playing early 2017 with Ethereum. So I think like at heart I'm still a Bitcoiner. I got into the space for the censorship resistant money and open finance eventually like I've always been a libertarian.  bad  Got it. And so there's a very hotly debated and to the point of controversial viewpoint. And I basically break it down into two components, right? You have sound money in Bitcoin, but all of the infrastructure surrounding that historically has been centralized. And then you've got on the other side in the kind of Ether DeFi world, you have decentralized infrastructure, but then you have this asset that's kind of masquerading as money, but probably doesn't have the same sound money principles that Bitcoin has.  for so long in Bitcoin, we've only had centralized alternatives. And a lot of the stuff, Open Bazaar is an example that tried to go to the next level and take decentralization to the next level. It was so difficult to use. And we look at things like Bisc, for example, just very little, very little real world usage today. But then, you know, I'll say even a little bit more about Ethereum. They, there's a huge cultural divide.  stuff like cut that. That's not useful. Find your own narrative for Ether. Bitcoin is money. Maybe Ether will be like gas or fuel or something else, but the tech is interesting. So what we've done is a project called TBTC. And the idea is that we're building this bridge that I hope is going to be a bridge between the communities as well as the technology and the assets. So we'll bring Bitcoin onto Ethereum. It's one to one backed. It's always redeemable.  It's taking the idea of side chains that we've been playing with since 2013, 2014, and kind of iterating a little bit, right? So in Bitcoin, I think the closest we've had with any commercial success to a side chain was something like Liquid. And the basic idea is you take Bitcoin and you trust a 15-member multi-sig. So you put your Bitcoin in that multi-sig. And then the members of that multi-sig run another chain based on the Bitcoin that you put in.  step. But instead of having a federation for the whole economy, every single deposit gets a new micro federation. So every time you say, you know, I want to move one Bitcoin onto Ethereum, we put together a new randomly chosen federation of signers. Then the other piece is that we use SPV proofs, which have been around since Satoshi. So it's the basic ideas that you can prove when you move Bitcoin, you can prove that on the Ethereum chain. And so because you do that, you can  money. So it kind of removes the reputation component. Yeah. Got it. And so do you see this first being valuable for developers or for users? And what I mean by that is there's a lot of technical challenges with integrating Bitcoin into DeFi. You guys are building a lot of those bridges. You're trying to kind of break down those barriers or obstacles. Is this a let's solve the developers problem and then  it earning, it will be a safe way to make yield as an alternative to things like BlockFi on the one hand, right? And that'll be immediately available. But on the other hand, we're also empowering devs who care about things like privacy products to build on Bitcoin on Ethereum. So that's really like my part of hearts. What I really want to see is fungibility solved. If Ethereum's like reason to exist is as a fungibility layer for Bitcoin and a place to experiment for Bitcoin, then we won.  the  the  through.  So they don't need to lose that premium that you get on fresh limited coins and it'll kind of let us like actually like not just stick it under our mattress, but Make Bitcoin more a part of our lives on top of the store value. It has now Got it And so you have taken the approach of how do we bring Bitcoin in that sound money to the DeFi world? The other option would have been how do we bring the decentralized infrastructure to Bitcoin? Maybe talk a little bit about the trade-off between  So one is that this DeFi ecosystem already exists. So if you look at something like a rootstock or a project that's tried to go the other direction, they've got all the additional work of needing to build the ecosystem. And I think that's a huge lift. And related to that is just standardization. So suddenly you need to come up with, like, how are these things going to interoperate? How are we not going to splinter liquidity all over the place? How can we keep this all together? So I think there are two directions. One is the tech is very hard going the other direction.  Got it. That makes sense. And do you think that in the future, even though it's hard to bring the decentralized infrastructure to Bitcoin, we'll kind of have both decisions end up being brought to reality, meaning we'll bring Bitcoin to DeFi, but we'll also bring DeFi to Bitcoin. And it's just two different types of projects, two different types of teams. And over a long time horizon, we get there. Or do you think it's really, really hard? So, so with like my fault, if I'm trying to like troll an Ethereum, I'd say like Bitcoin  the downside is the stability is not there to nearly the same degree as Bitcoin. So I do think that I think that Bitcoin will win for the monetary premium. But I actually think that the move a little bit faster than Bitcoin, DevCycle will probably win more users in the interim. I could be wrong. We've obviously seen I'm a huge Lightning fan. We've obviously seen Uptaken Lightning. People are starting to use Liquid lightly.  So, you know, he said that he wanted to see a Bitcoin-Ethereum bridge, but he also said that he wanted to see a Bitcoin-Ethereum DEX. And the funny thing about that is I want to build what the market wants. And I think what the market wants is stronger collateral. And I think the market wants Bitcoin. I don't think what the market wants is going from BTC to ETH faster or more smoothly. And so that might just be my bias against ETH as an asset.  the bet, which is that Bitcoin on Ethereum is cool, but you don't need decentralization at all, then WBTC, where Bitcoin kind of, or Bitcoin acts as the Bitcoin bank, you know, it's interesting. I haven't seen the extreme interest that I would hope. I think I've also seen some stuff around like hash rate derivatives and more decentralized minor products, which I'm really excited about. Because, you know, eventually you can imagine a world where there is a crackdown  around the world is really interesting to me how crypto has been built in a decentralized kind of remote way for years now. And it seems like most teams are having no disruptions for the most part. Are you guys seeing any disruptions or is it kind of business as usual for you? Look, times are different. This is a big thing and it impacts everyone, whether or not you're a remote team. So like I have a family  on  of my take is like, this is unfortunate, this is impacting everyone, but it's also the best time for us to build and get something out. For sure. That makes a ton of sense. Let's talk about that drop. I was sitting there like everyone else watching and it just kept falling and falling and falling. And it's one of those situations where you're like, I think I'm going to go to zero with this thing, but like, damn, this is happening really fast and this scares the shit out of me. What were you thinking?  I remember when, gosh, things were really bleak through 2014 and 2015, and we got through that just fine. It always takes longer. It never happens when you want it to. And the market doesn't care about your holdings or your position right now. But eventually, I think it's clear that this is a good bet. And so I guess I'm a permaboll a little bit. I try to not give people...  coin metrics team, they did this analysis and they basically showed that most of the coins that were being sold were having moved in the last six months, but pretty much nobody who was a long term holder was selling. And so when you start to look at that, it's the strong hands aren't going to get shaken out. I don't care what happens to the price. That's right. That's right. Yeah. I mean, the only way I sell is if I think I'm going to get more Bitcoin out of it, you know. So, yeah, that's kind of my take. Very cool.  bet their life savings on it. And so anything where people are shopping and they're immediately seeing discounts, you know, airline miles don't matter anymore. And Bitcoin does. So I love seeing like, sats back programs. So after fold, I think I think lolly is really interesting. I think block fi anything that lets us start earning and stacking rather than spending. And I also think like one of the things that I love about the space is this kind of counter consumerism.  most important. What's your most controversial thought in the space? What do you believe that everyone else would disagree with you on? Oh, man. Well, I've got a couple. So so as you can imagine, like, my old, like Bitcoin friends hate me and my new Ethereum friends hate me. And so I'm sort of right, right, the fence of no one wants to have me at a party because I'm going to piss everyone off. But getting more specific, so like on the Bitcoin side,  the  Different audiences. What's the most important book you've ever read? Oh man, oh God, you're asking a good one. Okay, so I wanted to be a writer for a long time and it was either a writer or a computer scientist. So I went on this deep dive through the beat  actually, it's just a beautiful book. I don't want to know I'm a great writer, but it definitely gets to you. So yeah, Subtrainings by Jack Kerouac probably top of mind. And then if we're getting to like other stuff, you know, I mean, I don't know, just like, let's name all the cool sovereign individuals things. That's probably good for my personal brand or whatever. I love it. I love it. So before I finish up and let you ask me one question,  Oh, all right, got your back. Joe, can you hear him? Oh, okay, all right. No, we're all good. Let me ask the dinosaur question again, and we'll go from there. Got five minutes probably left. Yeah, shoot. So you've got a dinosaur back over your shoulder.  I also believe in aliens. I think the world is too interesting for aliens to not exist. I hope that the various paradoxes about how far away they are and the speed of light will be resolved somehow and my descendants will be able to meet them. So I love it. I am a believer in dinosaurs as well. I'm with you. I don't think that it's possible that they could be fake, but I got a couple of friends who say I never seen one. So I don't believe in them, which always gives me a  basically took a lot of kind of security steps to not have any control. So first I would have to have some conversations. But second is on top of that, I think it's a market decides thing. Like, you probably know this more than most, but the whole idea of like, compounding trust almost, right? It's like, as the market determines a winner, I think that then you get the flywheel spinning. And so what I always say is developers are actually  Well, for the rest of you, if you want to be an early adopter, it's tbtc.network, come check it out. We'll be announcing mainnet in a couple of weeks. And the other thing is that if in the meantime, if you don't want to move all your Bitcoin to Ethereum, but you want to make some money, help us build that bridge, get involved. It's permissionless after all. For sure. tbtc.network is the website. Where else can people find you guys online?  I think people are really going to enjoy it. I hope so. Talk to you soon.