 What's up guys bang bang I've got Ben here what's going on man I'm doing pretty well. Obviously. I've been quarantined. I quarantine myself two Fridays ago I've been in my mom's house and I got I got 11 acres so I go outside and I do  Friday, March 13th, all the schools in Wisconsin said, you know, we're done for a while. The colleges did. So my brother and I decided, hey, we should probably just close our academies and follow suit with the schools. There's no reason to try to stick out, you know, especially when, you know, I'm not an epidemiologist. I don't know how this is going to turn out. So I don't want to stick my neck out there and say, no, everything's fine. We're good. Like I don't have to know. Um, so yeah, I said, Hey, listen, I'm not gonna run my businesses. I might as well just stay at home and be, be extra safe. And then, you know, but by, by early  worth at spring break. It kids. So you know that t very low risk for the CO as long as they don't see th all good. Yeah. What's it l right? So you guys have t and stuff. What's it like a shutdown and how are you h Well, um, lucky that frid bank account. It looked  So we're lucky we're in a really good spot where we're not cash strapped. I mean, those unemployment numbers are crazy and you got to imagine that if this lasts, I'd say we're kind of like two weeks-ish into the nationwide quarantine, maybe a little less than that. Dude, I feel like if this lasts another month from now, man, there's gonna be a lot of people going bankrupt. And so I don't feel like our government's done a lot for the small businesses. A $1,200 checking and keep people out of bankruptcy.  those unemployment numbers were people who saw the writing on the wall immediately and fired employees, but how many businesses have held on to employees and said, Hey, you know, it's going to be a week, two weeks, three weeks, but as they start to run out of cash, they're going to get rid of employees as well. Right. And so you're going to see those unemployment numbers stay pretty high. I think if, uh, if this thing doesn't turn around, but it's the balance between the health crisis and the economic crisis, I don't know if there's a right solution. Yeah, I agree. It's between, it's between a rock and a hard place. And I,  It looks like it's kind of having some positive results in some places at testing. So hopefully we are getting a handle on this. When you put the brain power of the world behind it, problems can tend to be solved. For sure. What's the general census, do you think, in kind of the non-coastal elite areas? So you're in where? Wisconsin? What are most people thinking? Wisconsin. Are they quarantining themselves? Yeah, are they taking it seriously? Or are they just like, this is full of shit?  I saw it once. I haven't looked at it recently though. Yeah, it's fantastic. It gives a breakdown by state by state, which, you know, New York and New Jersey are significantly over half of the total coronavirus cases. So Wisconsin still at 700 total cases in the whole state and 10 deaths. So, you know, when you're seeing those numbers, obviously there might be an uptick in the future, but that's still like a really, really tiny amount. Yeah. My father is in his early sixties and I can't  I'm going to go out and do whatever I want. F this thing. Yes, I think it's pretty interesting. And also the other piece of it is the gun sales. Like that's the thing that surprised me the most. When you layer in the health and the economic crisis, gun sales have exploded across the country. And I don't know how much of that is like people actually are fearful versus just that's their natural response. But that's usually not a good sign when it comes to kind of social unrest and things like that.  I don't foresee that happening, but yeah, I guess you never know. Yeah. Let's talk about John Jones. He just got a DUI with a gun charge, all this stuff. But my understanding is that he was actually sitting in the car asleep, right? He wasn't actually driving. I don't think he was driving at the time, but it sounded like he was sitting. I don't think you're sleeping because they said they said the reason that the officers responded was because there was a gunshot with the gun.  Why where you know, your vehicle is not actually moving so you could probably if you weren't idiot You could probably argue that one away in court somehow. I'm guessing I don't know Yeah, the I think it was you that just said hey Why don't you just hire your buddy, right? And just be your driver for you for like 50k a year and then just stay out of trouble. I Said that the last two times. I mean, this is it. This is his third DUI. This is not This is not time. Number one. This is the time number three It's like and you know, he obviously  Yeah, I mean how they haven't found it. I actually just did a live stream on this the other day. I have this theory. You want to hear my theory, pump? I definitely want to hear it. Okay, I have this theory and I'm in the process of putting it all together. Actually, you know who kind of inspired me? I started, I talked to a couple times with, I listened to him on your show and I somehow connected with him on Twitter with Sam Parr. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He's great. You had him on. The hustle.  these, I have like five different categories, the more these sets you can put together, the better off you're going to be. So for example, being an athlete, especially being a cage fighter, something where there's a high level risk, you need to be really low anxiety. For example, this is a word I was one trait of the many traits, right? But if you're all worried, oh my God, this guy could kick me or he could punch me or he could choke me. Oh my God, there's 20,000 people watching me. Oh my God, I could get knocked out, right? There's all these things you've heard. If you're high anxiety, you're probably not going to have a high level of success.  for a fight. My wife is not allowed to buy it. We don't, we do not have it in the household because I will eat it. I know I'm weak like that. So it's like John Jones, you know, you like to drink and you know, you like to drive, put some roadblocks in your way before it. Cause when it's 3 AM in the club and you're drunk and the car's out there and you got the key, you're going to go drive. You're, you know yourself, you know, you're going to do that. You don't hire yourself a driver, have a couple of friends around that are really responsible and put roadblocks in your way. So you can't make these dumb decisions over and over again.  is  I got to assume even the guys making billions of dollars but have just terrible personal lives. I can't say this for sure, but man, part of them, part of them, part of them has to be like miserable because they can't keep a good relationship. They're distant from their kids, right? Or whatever, because they have, they probably have these really great qualities that allowed them to make a billion dollars. And those also probably sabotage them in their personal life. So understanding when to use what quality where. Yeah, I think it's super, super important.  I mean, I guess that would probably be my number one issue and I try to do a good job of it. But being aware that it is your personality type and then that can be a problem. And I always joke with my wife, not always joking, because sometimes she gets annoyed with me. But like when I was a high school kid or college kid, I was obsessed with being good at wrestling. And the fact that I didn't want to really go out and party and I was just worried about being good, like everyone saw this. That's freaking awesome. Like, and you know, you get a pat on the back for it.  these somewhat dumb, simple statements like the five people you hang out with the most is who you become. Show me your circle and I'll show you kind of how successful you will be. All these things, but it's true, right? It really is true. And I think that the other thing is you're getting judged by people who don't understand that, right? The people who think it's a negative thing, they don't understand kind of the benefits of it. The people who do understand it, they're like, well, duh, of course you're going to want to focus on what you're doing and be obsessive about it, et cetera.  It looks like the Olympics recently got postponed. What are you hearing? Yeah, postponed by a year. I was really annoyed when they first said it because it was like, it was what, a week? I think it was last Sunday. Last Sunday they said, hey, give us a month to see how this shakes out. And I thought, hey, that sounds reasonable. And then on Monday, Canada and Australia say we're out. And then they said they canceled it by that night. So it was like, within 24 hours, all that happened. And it's,  thing to me that's so interesting about what's happening right now is exactly what you're talking about on the Olympics. People are saying the prudent thing to do and the non-emotional thing is let's wait a month and then we'll make a decision. But then all of a sudden, they're starting to get this pressure and it's like social pressure and then everyone gets really emotional. And next thing you know, bam, it's canceled. You're like, wait a minute, 24 hours ago, you guys were singing a different tune. But that's not just happening with the Olympics. It's happening in finance, in the economy, with businesses, with health response, etc. And I think people just got to kind of calm down  where everyone's trying to be more woke than the next person, I feel like that's kind of the way that this has played out. Yeah. And here's the sad part, right? It's like you almost have, I take the coronavirus stuff, take all the epidemiologists and the data analysis. You get people who say, hey, we think 500,000 people are going to die in Europe and 2.2 million in America. And basically the world's ending. And then all of a sudden they come back and they retract it all. And they're like, well, we actually think it's like 10% or less of what we originally thought.  that if you say you're an expert, well, you're an expert in Bitcoin, right? Say on the front page of the newspaper, you read an article on Bitcoin and you're like, okay, that's bullshit. But then you flip the page and by the next page, you forgot that these people writing these articles aren't actually really experts and you trust where they're sitting on page two. You know what the name of the theory is? I don't, but it's definitely a valid theory because that's exactly what happens in the mainstream media. Okay. Well, so that is valid, like that happens.  that's a possibility. So I think the same way about these experts, it's like they're going in there shooting in the dark. They've never been through this before. They can guess, but they don't really know. And so that's again, when people take for sure action on stuff that is not proven, not known, you know, people making their best guess at it, it can be dangerous. For sure. I keep going back to all of these people have a  it was. But they said, you know, insurance companies are some of the richest companies in the world. Do you really think do you really think they would ensure all of these beachfront condos and apartments and properties if they thought they're going to be underwater in 20 years? No, they wouldn't. So the people who actually have skin in the game aren't really worried about the sea level rising five feet or ever. It's all the other people. If the insurance companies really thought that was a possibility, they wouldn't insure in his place. I'm like, Oh, yeah, because they have billions and billions and billions  kids and yeah, that's about it. And for it's like, even with our businesses, there's like, not any work to do because it's literally nothing's going on. We don't know when things are going to start back up. So it's not like you plan for size. Okay. April 13th, we're going again. We don't, we don't know. So it's not like we plan for things in the future. So yeah, that's, that's about the extent of it. It feels kind of like groundhog day a little bit where you just keep waking up and doing some of the same stuff over and over again. You know, you got to do, uh, so I got two guys  Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. So I got to get up and get going for that one. At least at least get my day started. Hey, let's talk about Bitcoin because you're smarter than I am. And I was you know, he told did this group chat yesterday type thing. I can't remember exactly what they called it. But it was really cool because I got to get on there and there's a few people on there who I like. I always search Bitcoin's winner, you know, and just I don't follow them, but I pay attention to them. And I got to  ends, either because there's a flood of dollars that enter the market through intervention from the government, or people realize, wait a minute, I don't need as many dollars as I previously thought I can now go buy other assets. You'll see those prices stabilize and ultimately recover. And so the beauty of all of this is if you understand how money works, you don't get shaken out when the liquidity crisis happens, right? If you can kind of weather the storm and hold your assets. But also if you've got cash, kind of cash is king, right? And  you're going to have 27 people saying the price is going to $30,000. You have 27 people say price is going to $9,000 tomorrow. It's like people are all over the board, but there is not everybody, but there's a certain amount of people who are nervous. I believe you said this also, but it's like this is the perfect storm for Bitcoin. Either it's going to make or it's not. Either it's going to prove that it is the safe haven asset and it's better than the USD or it's not. We're going to probably find that out with the  Bitcoin's done, right? Like, I don't think that it'll go away. I don't think that it will be, you know, not secure, etc. What I think is people will have to go back and revisit what the thesis for the asset is, right? Because that wouldn't serve kind of this idea that the having an inflation hedge asset, etc. proved to be true. I'm still in the camp where I believe that pretty strongly, voting with my dollars that way, and kind of converting them to Bitcoin, etc. But you know, we'll see what happens over the next two years, give or take.  I don't want to say every central bank is going to start printing money, but a lot of them are. And so the number is going to be, I don't know, double that, triple that. So there's going to be all this extra money floating around that could find its way into Bitcoin. Yeah, there's this guy, Brett Johnson, that I recently brought on the podcast. He runs something called Santiago Capital. And he's got this theory that he calls the dollar milkshake theory. And it's this whole idea of everyone around the world, the central banks are making a milkshake. What they're doing is they're injecting  The Australian dollars fall in like 30, 40, 50% in the last couple of weeks against the US dollar. So all of a sudden, if you're in Australia, it's not so much that you want to just get out of the Australian dollar. You either want to get US dollars or get Bitcoin. Well, a lot of times Bitcoin is going to be more accessible than getting US dollars. And so I think that you're right in that, like on a global basis, there will be more demand for the asset as you see those currencies being devalued. Yeah. Yeah.  are saying, oh, they have to do it. It's interesting because which one of these opinions is the right opinion? And there's probably not one true or correct answer based on what your perspective is, but I wish I had a better grasp on that one. Yeah. And I also think that there's a big difference between what else should the Fed do? They have no choice but to do this to solve the short-term problem versus is this a good long-term decision?  back in is because, you know, this is like when you go back to the success thing. If you want to be successful at something and you get off track and you're kind of not doing that well, there is always a period of pain to bring yourself back to, you know, whether it's like you're a wrestler and you got to make a weight class and you get extra heavy. Well, there's going to be a period of pain where you're getting back into it, right? Or you, you're an athlete and you get out of shape and then to get back in shape is going to be  and  I don't know the history of the German Republic. Obviously, I know there was World War II in there, so I don't know if that was part of it. I'm not sure. I don't want to comment. But they obviously got back on track to where, say, in the 1990s, their form of currency was pretty strong. So there was a hyperinflation at some point in their history. And I know that's also happened in other countries. So you say there's no way to get back, but there has to be a way to get back to  that you started, that will eventually fail. And look, it's not just economies, right? Like take like the UBI thing. So in the current stimulus package, they're talking about a one time $1,200 check, you know, or less to adults. If they had instead said, we're gonna give $1,000 a month to people for 12 months, let's say, right? I don't think that we could go back to not doing that, but people would just get addicted to receiving $1,000 a month from the government, right? And so then all of a sudden, next thing you know,  Hey, that was nice. Let's keep doing that. And then they just kept it. Well, now what people are saying is why do we pay taxes if they can just print as much money as they need? Right. Why do they need your money? Seriously. Seriously. Right. Keep on putting that shit. Absolutely. So what in terms of like the folks that you talk to on a daily basis, I feel like a lot of folks are in sports, wrestling, MMA, MMA, etc. Like what are they doing?  It's the two points that number one, I thought it would be very easy to go ask exchanges, well, are you seeing more people sign up or more people Google you or something like that, right? And so I actually asked that question with Etoro yesterday, some of the top people on there were, and they said, yeah, we are absolutely seeing it. We're not necessarily seeing a surge in buying from new people, but we're doing searches and signups. There's a lot of people doing that type of thing. And then I don't remember who the guy was, but he said,  part that gets really scary for folks is when they do this quantitative easing, the people who get hurt the most are the bottom 50% of Americans who live paycheck to paycheck and don't have any real assets, right? Because their dollars get devalued. And so I think it's going to be an education opportunity for a lot of people as to how they can protect their wealth from inflation and quantitative easing. So it shouldn't surprise us to see people already asking. And I bet you that those inquiries go up more over time.  a huge amount more volatility, especially when you consider what the volatility of the Dow is usually like. And I don't think we're done going down. And so at that point, when it stabilizes, that's when I think people are gonna feel more comfortable moving their money elsewhere. Yeah, did you see the chart? There's this guy, Tavi Costa, who he shared a chart from the Great Depression. And in the chart in October of 1929,  Yeah, yeah, I mean, that's yeah, I and obviously there's been a whole bunch of ups and downs over the last weekend. I get I'm not an economist, so I can't can't say for sure. But, you know, with the unemployment numbers going out, when my wife and I went and walked our dog yesterday with our kids and it was like, there's no stores open. This is this is f and creepy. It's like they're probably not going to open for a while. The numbers on the money they're making, the numbers on employment, dude, it's it's going to get worse.  13% or 10% or whatever it's been up the last couple of days, it's just gonna get taken back away. What are your kids think right now? Like with the quarantine, do they understand what's going on? We've told about, people are sick and that's why we can't go around other people and so they get that part of it. But I don't think they understand the scale or the scope and their kids, they don't really get it. So they're enjoying themselves for the most part. Yeah, they probably just enjoy not having  coming online. But anything else? Yeah, I mean, we were so we in Heartland here, our first Academy, we're in our ninth year. Max and Mequon is in his seventh year. And it's like we're still seeing this crazy amount of growth. So we got after the season was over, we got that one week of our kids before the quarantine thing hit. And it was like, do we see so many new faces? People are getting excited about it. So our businesses and, you know, wrestling is what I love. We're going to new levels.  I think I like other people are excited for some stability to come back into our lives. Yeah, where's the interest of wrestling coming? Is it a lot of young kids who watch like UFC and they want to get into it or they actually see the wrestling and want to do wrestling, not so much UFC in the future? Yeah, I don't see that UFC thing a lot. I think that we are just doing a great job of marketing or giving kids great experiences. And that's why our Academy is so  It enables people to actually be fans. You know, when you or I were kids, I think you're a couple of years younger than me. It's like, we couldn't watch something that was not football, basketball, or baseball. Like, we were fans of that, literally because we had to be. Because it was the only thing on TV. And now, you can watch whatever the hell you want to watch streaming pretty much any time you want to watch it. And that really enables people to be fans. I think that's what's happening in wrestling. Yeah, I remember the first couple of times ESPN showed like non-managers  They had more nationally televised games than Golden State Warriors. No, that can't be right, can it? Or was it nationally television for a smaller network or something? Wow. It's weird. Come on, ESPN. Well, but think about it, right? Everyone on the world was heard, right? They had like kind of a down here. Yeah. You got to remember social media, right? I mean, those kids probably have more followers on social media than some of the NBA players.  sign because people like pretty damn low and stars people love engaging with