 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Mark here with me calling in from North Carolina. Thanks so much for doing this. Well, thanks for getting together. And I wish we could do it in person, but we're on lockdown, so we can't hang out together. Exactly. You have extensive experience across a number of different seats in the investing community. And I think a lot of people really value  end of a cycle and people thought, well, this couldn't happen. The Fed put was always going to be there. And I think what people are realizing again, it's not the first time, that 90 or 85 plus percent of options expire worthless. And every Fed put that we've ever had has expired worthless as well. You go back to 2000, 2001, you had the green span put, everybody thought the market could continue to go up.  the only one that's up is still down. And so this idea had your back, it just didn' recession came, the cycle end to bail things out with st in 2003 around the Iraq war. got people, you know, implo to fall and stimulate the e went on the next cycle.  stocks and bonds that were owned on margin. Margin calls are devastating because they cause crashes to happen really fast. You saw that unwind. Then in March of 2009, the Fed created this, actually didn't create it, they stole the idea from the 1930s of QE. People think QE is new, it's not. It was invented in the 30s when the United States was an emerging market run by a gang.  people were saying, oh, this could never end. The Fed has eradicated the business cycle. Back then it was called the roaring 20s. And here we had kind of this roaring environment where everybody was getting rich and tech multiples got back to where they were in 2000 and even worse. And so everyone thought that the Yellen slash Powell put would save us. And now what we just found is that put expired  from Roger Babson, who was a big Newton aficionado that spent his whole life trying to invent an anti gravity machine. But he said in September of twenty nine, I repeat what I said last year and the year before. So he said it in twenty seven. He said it in twenty eight. And here he was saying in twenty nine that a crash is coming and it could be terrific. And people didn't believe him the third time because he was wrong early euphemism for wrong.  it occurred, the risk is that the policy decisions would compound the problem instead of making the problem better. And I think that's where we are right now. And so as we look at kind of what's transpired, obviously there's the virus and people I think will blame a lot of kind of the economic issue on that. But that's not the full story. So maybe kind of walk us through how have we gotten from that roaring  Right. I mean in the 30s it was millions and then in the 60s 5060s it was it was billions and and then in in 2000s it was hundreds of billions and now we're talking trillions and a trillion just one trillion forget two or six or whatever the number is but just one trillion is a dollar every second for thirty one thousand seven hundred and ten years I mean that's just a giant number and so Congress is  Banks don't need a bailout this time because they've been restricted because of Dodd-Frank in how levered they could get. There are no such restrictions on the big hedge funds and the prop trading desks off Wall Street. So they have huge leverage, arguably 10, 15, 20 times, and some of them were gone, right? They were just done. And I still think there's gonna be some bodies that float to the surface here over the next couple of weeks. But all that money is-  phenomenon, which is leverage in and of itself is not a bad thing. Many of us use leverage in our lives, although I guess it's getting less common as less people own homes, but anyone who owns a home uses a lot of leverage. They put 20% down or less. Some FHA loans are 3% down or 2% down. So you're using a lot of leverage to buy physical assets. And it's not different in the banking and finance world. A bank takes it to  fixed income markets that historically they wouldn't have done because there was plenty to do in equity markets, but equity valuations got really high and they would normally do things like arbitrage, merger arbitrage, or convertible bond arbitrage. But in a zerp world, in a zero interest rate world, arbitrage is really hard. When you think about it, if you're a dollar long and a dollar short, your dollar sits in cash. In the old days, you made 6%, 7%.  ideas because again, the old days of investing, it was about access to information. Not illegal information, but access to information. If you could get information faster, if you could get information that other people didn't have, then you had a huge advantage. Well, suddenly with the advent of Bloomberg and other resources, information became ubiquitous. And once information is ubiquitous, access isn't really that valuable. Then it became about processing.  and Boston calls it regulation feckin' disaster, that disallowed people from doing their job, which would be to build relationships with corporate CEOs and CFOs and be able to ask them really hard questions. And the answer has to be no, I can't tell you that, I gotta release the information to everybody. So it all became about synthesis and understanding what's not important and what is important. So all this comes down to the fact that these funds started doing  for hedging and investment purposes. So with absolute certainty, in 365 days, it's a 29 year bond, no longer a 30 year bond. Now, a 30 year bond trades more expensive than a 29 year bond, even though they're basically the same bond. But you can make five basis points. Well, five basis points isn't a lot. But since it's a guaranteed event, aha, there's no risk. Well, there's no risk if you can hold  that people were buying in the hedge fund space where there's what's called mark to market risk, which is if you think about liquid tradable senior debt, bank loans, senior secured loans, investment grade bonds, they should trade at par, right? You're gonna get your money back, they shouldn't trade at a discount. Ah, but wait a second. If there's a liquidity crisis, if there's a period where people get afraid  you know, senior secured bonds suddenly should trade at 99 or 100 suddenly trading at 90. Well, if you own those with cash, no big deal. Oh, but if I own them with 10 times leverage, I just lost all my equity. So these things start unwinding and you saw, you know, LQD, for example, the ETF for investment grade bonds fell 7% in three days. It's never fallen 7% ever. It shouldn't fall 7% because it's  way of saying funds were doing things that normally appeared to have low risk, but a black swan event, which wasn't necessarily the virus itself. The virus is a bad thing. And we can argue how bad it is. And, you know, if you look at the number of people who have passed away from influenza this year, it's 23,000 in the US and COVID has had 820 deaths, which one is worse? I'd argue 23,000 is worse than 820, but maybe 820 is going to grow.  I keep saying the government literally told small businesses, you have to shut, which then forced them to fire their employees. And we get kind of this cascading effect. Then all of a sudden we start to see the Fed and politicians go to work, right? This is their time to shine. This is their Super Bowl. They're gonna come in. They're gonna save everyone. What do you think so far about the Fed's response? And then also about kind of the politicians and the stimulus response? Yeah, look, I don't know.  They didn't like the competition from these trust companies that were coming up in the banking system. And so they had this plan to create a lender of last resort to support the banks and make sure they'd never have a bank crisis again and runs on the bank. Although I'm sure everybody saw the video of the head of the FDIC saying, please don't take your money out of the bank, else there'll be a bank run. Could you trigger a bank run any better way than saying that on live television? Crazy. And now it's gone viral on the internet. It makes it even worse.  bonds of an over indebted country that's issuing trillions of dollars of deficit every year. No one. So there has to be someone to buy it. So the Fed has bought all they can through QE. So they lend money to the banks and the banks buy them. That's actually a riskless trade. JP Morgan last year had zero negative trading days. That's impossible if you're actually trading. No one's that good. But if you borrow and invest in a riskless trade, that's a pretty good deal.  their job. They're trying to protect the banks and non-bank financial institutions, Citadel, Millennium, Bridgewater, all these other non-bank financial institutions that are now too big to fail. I'll say the Fed's doing what the Fed has to do. Full stop, I don't like it. I don't think it's that effective. I think the market last Monday was proof. The Fed says we're going to lower interest rates all the way to zero overnight Sunday emergency after the emergency 50 basis point  liquidity can't solve a solvency crisis. And the problem is we need a raft of bankruptcies to occur and cleanse the bad companies. So that's where the fiscal comes in. So now, as of this afternoon, I guess, we're going to have this giant save bailout plan where we're going to hand money to malfeasant CEOs and corporations who have frittered away their competitive advantage by not investing in our  of us turn 65 every day. I still got eight years to go. But every day 10,000 of us turn 65. And another 10,000 of us turn 71.5. And at 71.5 you have to withdraw from your retirement. And so a trillion dollars has to come out over the next 17 years each year. That's 17 trillion with a T has to come out of stocks, some bonds, but mostly stocks out of 401k plans and retirement plans. So that was a negative drag. It also turns  isn't allowed to buy stocks. So what they did is they cut a deal. They called all the corporate chieftains and Buffett, anything that Buffett owned was now suddenly going to be given a massive tax cut. In exchange, you can't do R&D, you can't buy new facilities, you can't hire more people, you have to buy back your stock. And so Apple, my favorite one to pick on, has the same profits as 2015, yet their earnings per share, quote unquote, air quotes, is up 20% because they retired a bunch of shares.  help me government. So what does the government do? Whoever paid the most into lobbying is getting the biggest check. And I thought the great calculation someone put out there is if you just divided the total number by the total number of people in the US, excluded babies and just talked about adults, it's about 58,000 per household. We're getting checks for 1200 each plus 500 for our kids, 3.14 people, that's about 2900 bucks. Where's that difference from 58,000 and 2900 going?  chance. Right? If you think of what the government basically did is they said you have to shut down. And so, you know, if I walked down the street in New York City, and we're talking 70 plus percent of the businesses are closed, right? And it's not because the economic cycle got so bad that they couldn't survive. Or it's not that, oh, we have a little bit less demand, and we just mismanaged our cash. It's that no, the government mandated that I shut down. And therefore, I went from whatever revenue I had to zero overnight, of course, I have to fire my staff, I can't survive, etc. But what's holding  go down my rabbit hole on, I have retweeted one of your tweets today with this, that if we assume that that's not the plan, then everything makes sense. Unfortunately, if we assume that the plan is, as I call it, hashtag dictator playbook, if the plan is to concentrate the assets in the few and impoverish the many and make them dependent  tax cut, middle class didn't get a big tax cut, the impoverished didn't get more help, didn't get more resources. We didn't increase lending for small business formation. In fact, we have the smallest rate of small business formation. Part of that's related to housing. Not as many people can afford housing, so there's not as much home equity, which is a big source of financing new businesses. So there's all these things that point to, wait a second, if I'm trying to consolidate  many of the people, it's actually the response, the immune response of the body to the virus itself, which actually can be controlled with this drug that Korea used to lower their death rate and other countries have used. And my cynical view was, well, none of the drug companies were able to pay off the amount to be the sponsored drug. If you go back to 2003, it was very interesting. Remember the anthrax scare and we were all supposed to take 10,000  We have interested third parties. We have conflicted third parties. We have people making decisions based on their own pocketbook. And I actually believe, unfortunately, that the plan is just like in the 30s to create as much disparity between the haves and the have nots. So the greatest income inequality in history up until last year was in 1929, 1930, right before the Depression.  money to devalue the currency, which inflates scarce assets like real estate, fine art, collectible cars, and stocks. Remember 49% of people in America don't own stocks at all. Not only do they not own trading stocks, they don't own anything. They don't have a pension, they don't have a retirement account. You can't even come up with 400 bucks to pay an emergency bill. And now you got restaurants who have 16 days of cash who have been forced to shut down. And I'll give you the example, and I shouldn't pick on this guy  So now they don't have coverage. What if they actually get the virus? I mean you could spiral into some really really dark times all on the account of oh We want to slow the spread of this particular virus, but I'm like wait a second There are threats every single day I said 23,000 people have died of influenza a whole bunch of people here's a number of most people don't know 1.2 million people this year will die from tuberculosis globally not very many people  And I think the economic damage is going to be really bad for a while. Yeah, one of the things that I and this is always a sensitive subject. So I caveat it with for people to listen to what I'm saying and kind of leave the emotion at the door. But Jason and I were talking about it. It's just like when you have bad data, whether you make a good analysis or a bad analysis of that data, you end up making bad decisions because the data was bad. And what I mean by bad data here is  on the different teams had COVID-19 and they're out there playing NBA games, you know, the night before, two days before, one out of the nine, I think showed symptoms. And so you get into this thing where there's actually probably a lot of people who have, they're asymptomatic and they're kind of walking around and maybe they thought they had the flu or they don't show any symptoms ever. And so when you don't understand what the accuracy of the denominator is, we just can't make good decisions because we don't have the testing in place to actually understand how, you know, what is that mortality rate?  data is bad. And to your point, the death data is is absolutely easy to ascertain, right? There's a death certificate, there's a body. Now, what we are learning, it is possible in some cases where there's comorbidity, right? Someone has lung failure or heart failure, and then they get the virus while they're in the hospital. And if they code that as a coronavirus death, is it really? So that's one of the things that they're talking about in Italy, because if you look at Europe, Europe is really the epicenter of the virus.  or case fatality rate, that just seems odd. The data just seems inconsistent. So to your point, if you have bad data, you're gonna react to things and you're gonna make potentially bad decisions. It's kind of like we're talking about in investing, right? If you had access to good information early, you can make a good decision. Well, what if you had access to bad information? What if somebody fed you bad information? You'd make a bad decision. Or what if you synthesize the data wrong, you miss something in your exclusion,  They went down because they had too much leverage on real estate into the financial crisis in the 90s. So it wasn't Barry and Barry turned out to be a really smart real estate investor and billionaire now. So he's done okay. But the other thing that's interesting to your point is some of the decisions we're making are decisions without knowledge. And I'll use just one example. So school closures. Sounds like a great idea. Oh, it's brilliant. Oh, let's think about it.  So if we left schools open, those people who were young, healthy, and resistant to the virus could have kept the virus amongst themselves. By closing schools, particularly colleges, and sending those people home to be with their parents, who are my age in their late 50s or their grandparents, ooh, what if? And I'm not saying that necessarily happened, but it's a higher likelihood of spreading the infection to the vulnerable population.  wife lost both parents in the last two days to COVID-19. Tragedy. I mean absolute tragedy. You just can't even comprehend it. So I'm very worried about this and I'm doing everything I can to protect that vulnerable population even to the point of excluding my contact with them, my kids' contact with them, their grandchildren. We're just not going to let it happen. So I think  choice. I think you and I probably are more, hey, doesn't have to be a black and white solution, right? And what the details of that are will be debated forever. But I think just getting people thinking along that line is important. Let's go back to the investing world. And as we see this kind of market chaos and the fallout of the liquidity crisis, etc., who are the winners and the losers kind of coming out of these situations? What are the types of investors or strategies that should be doing really well versus the investors that are probably just taking it right on the chin and  particularly dollars actually appreciate because flight to safety as the world reserve currency So, you know owning dollars has actually been a really good place to hide the other thing that's been a winner is bonds and You know, it's interesting that most people would say well bonds are an inferior investment to stocks Well, yeah over long periods of time, but actually in the last 20 years long duration bonds have beat stocks because interest rates have continued to compress  So they're going to be some significant need for them to lower interest rates. So beyond that, let's think about the losers. The losers are clearly over leveraged companies because they're not only going to have a liquidity crisis, but they're going to end up with a solvency crisis. And we got lots of examples of those. You have the highest level of corporate debt in American history. And everybody thought that was great as long as interest rates were low and the cost of carry the debt was low.  normal business activities, small, medium enterprises, they're going to get crushed because the money's not going to get there fast enough. It's not going to be big enough. And there's too much red tape to get those loans. Whereas the Fed gives loans to hedge funds directly. So that doesn't make any sense to me. So the other thing is Mark, so you've obviously sat in the asset allocation seat and the investor's seat. Maybe help us understand how endowments, pensions, foundations, et cetera, how those investors are thinking about the market situation right now.  Hopefully, the institutions exercise discipline coming into year end with the big move in US markets. And they thought about rebalancing. And then there's the second order decisions for the big asset classes to within equities. Do I want to be in US equities, Japanese equities, emerging market equities? Do I want to be in small caps or large caps or value or growth? And then there's other decisions on geographies and stage, for example, in venture capital.  much you give to each man 10 managers, do you give them 50% to one because they' 5% to the others and then gets outsourced to the man crises or these fast mov decisions. You know, sh or american because which o out of your hands as an a trust that the managers y  low volatility ETFs have to buy them and then the momentum ETFs have to buy them. Well, on the way down reflexively, back to Soros and reflexivity, that virtuous cycle turns vicious and everybody has to sell. And you don't care what the price is, you just have to sell. And there's liquidations and you kind of saw that happen at the end of the day in the markets today, is everything looked great up until the last 15 minutes when the ETFs were forced to sell because they had a bunch of sell orders. So they don't get to sell.