 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Brent here. Many of you probably do not know Brent. And it's unfortunate because he has been calling a lot of what's playing out now in the markets for quite a while now. So thanks so much for jumping on and recording this.  It's kind of comprehensive. We customize it to everybody. So it's kind of a high level of service. In addition to that, I run a private fund, which is focused on a number of knock-on effects based on a theory that I have where the dollar is going to get stronger over the next couple of years. And that fund plays as a portion of my client's overall portfolio. So I have been in the wealth management business for a little over 20 years. I started with a firm called Donaldson, Lufkin & Jeanrette in New York City.  and I wanted to do it at an independent platform where I felt I could do the right thing for clients and it wasn't so much commission-based and it wasn't a transaction-based business and it wasn't, you know, I could actually look out for the best of my clients as opposed to looking out for the best of my firm, so to speak, or at least align those, get those incentives aligned a little bit better. So I joined a friend of mine. He had a firm called Baker Avenue Asset Management. I joined there. A few years later, I set up Santiago Capital, which was used to do some alternatives  I don't get too involved in the balance sheets of individual companies that we invest in. I have some colleagues who do that. So I focus on the big picture and try, if I figure if I can get the big picture right, the little picture will hopefully take care of itself. Got it. And so where did the name Santiago Capital come from? Well, that's a little bit, it's a good question. I always like to hear how other people come up with their names as well. So I, several years ago, before I started on Wall Street,  that's how the best names come together. Um, so help me understand, uh, the dollar milkshake theory, cause you've been, um, kind of explaining this and pushing this for quite a while. We've seen it, you know, really play out how you called it. But what exactly is that dollar milkshake theory? Well, so first of all, I'll say, I appreciate you saying that I've called it, right? I don't know if I've called it completely right, but it's on the right track. Somebody asked me the other day, um, where they thought I was at it, you know, using a football analogy.  going to go through the biggest short squeeze in history. And what I mean by that is I think the US dollar is going to get squeezed much, much higher and it's going to get squeezed much, much higher because despite the fact that many people don't like it, would prefer to have an alternative that they just don't and the rest of the world and well, the US and the rest of the world has taken out an incredible amount of US dollar debt. That debt either gets paid off  actually makes money disappear. And it starts a chain reaction all the way back to the collateral, which was the original basis of which everything was loaned into existence. So even if you have defaults where demand falls, supply falls even faster. So whether people continue using the dollar and are able to service it, I think that puts a bid under it. Or if they start defaulting on it because they can't pay it or don't want to pay it, we get a supply shock and the dollar goes higher. I can't figure out a scenario.  it and you know, not say one of the reasons I'm as about it is I think it's one existing today and I act people. I want to help peo happening so that they ca how maybe they can possi and even if they don't a even if they don't agree parts of it become true, understand why it's happenin  it's really interesting that you asked this at this point because over the last couple months and definitely over the last year, I've been accused of changing my story. It's funny because on one hand, I get accused of changing my story and then on the other hand, I get accused of being so stubborn and never being open to new ideas. So it's a little bit of a mixture there. But when this initially started a couple of years ago, I initially, I should tell you, I used to run a gold fund.  dollar and gold because I was trying to figure out why was gold staying in the spare market. Most of my thoughts were that gold should be going higher and the dollar should be going lower and it just wasn't. I fought it for a long time. I was very stubborn and finally I just said to myself, something I'm missing here. I got to figure this out. I did a big deep dive on my thesis. To be honest, I didn't like the answer I came up with because the answer I came up with was that the dollar was going to go  as I started doing all this work on the dollar and why I thought the dollar was going to go get higher, the more I got into it, the more it became clear to me. And that's when the the milkshake analogy came up because there's this famous movie called There Will Be Blood. I don't know if you've ever seen it, but it's about this oil baron, this really cruel oil baron. And he's just ruthless. I mean, he'll just do anything to get one up on his competitors. And kind of at the end of the movie,  the U.S. was going to suck that capital into the United States. So it didn't matter where that capital originated. It could be on my side of the fence or the other side of the fence. All I got to do is stick a straw down in there at all that liquidity and suck it up. And so how that related to the dollar milkshake theory that I was talking about in my world as opposed to this movie was that over the last 10 years, since the global financial crisis, we all know that the financial crisis is going to be a big deal.  It was a coordinated monetary policy. But in 2015, the US stopped and the US started raising interest rates. And when they raised it the first time, I was pretty skeptical. But when they raised it the first time and the market didn't crash, because a lot of people thought as soon as they raised interest rates, the market was going to crash. And I was probably initially maybe not completely on board with that, but I would not have been surprised if that happened. But when it didn't happen, that's when I really started when I said,  That was the analogy I used most because that was the predominant reason that I thought capital would flow into the US was interest rates. But that's not the only reason. There's many reasons that I thought capital would flow into the United States. One was Trump was a big part of this. Trump did a lot of deregulation, made it more attractive for capital to come in. He did a number of tax deals, which made it an attractive place for capital. The fact that we were growing faster than the rest of the world,  that capital into the United States. Now, in 2018, I'm going to get my years messed up here a little bit. Maybe it was 19. But anyway, I thought with it, so we got nine interest rate hikes. Most people didn't think we would get one or two, but we got nine of them. And the whole way up, people were saying, it's going to crash the economy. It's going to crash the economy. Well, it finally did. And I actually thought that we would get a couple more interest rate hikes than we did. But I was wrong.  of the S&P 500 that I've been following for, well, since 2009, really. And it's usually kind of bounced around in that channel, but went higher. And we got to the very top of that channel and actually peeked our head out of the top of the channel a little bit. And I kind of thought we'd kind of overdone it. I thought we would get a pullback. Now, I didn't think we would get this big of a pullback. I thought we might get a 10% pullback, 15% pullback. I wasn't quite expecting a 25 or 30% pullback, but here we are. And now everybody's printing. The whole world is printing.  take debt out in that currency and as it gets inflated away, you pay it back at a lower price later on. Well, the rest of the world borrowed $13 trillion in US dollars. I think it was around four or 5 trillion in 2008 and now it's another 10 trillion since then, nine or 10 trillion since then. But the problem is that the dollar didn't get weaker over that time. The dollar actually got stronger over that time. And so now we're back in the same situation. We owe a lot of debt, but the rest of the world owes 13 trillion of a  and listen, the Fed is printing like a madman. I'm not denying it. But the ECB is too, the Bank of Canada is too, China is too, Australia is too, Brazil is too, everybody. So now we're back to this coordinated effect again, right? Everybody's providing liquidity. I just happen to believe that it doesn't really matter where that liquidity gets injected, whoever has the straw gets to suck up that liquidity. Now, on a  that we are still the world reserve currency combined with those other factors will draw capital in the United States over the next couple of years. And I think drawing in that capital will keep the dollar stronger than other fiat currencies, despite that we're printing so much of it. So I know I kind of rambled for a long time right there, but I hope that makes sense. Yeah, there's two key pieces that I really want to kind of touch on. The first is this idea that it's all a relative argument, right? So even if rates go down, if the  the straw and still be inject liquidity at the same time. Right? We can be putting liquidity into the system by printing money, etc. But we can also be sucking the liquidity from everywhere else into the dollar. And that appears what's happening right now. Correct? That's my argument. And I think that's what will happen over the next two or three years. We're going to mix our own milkshake, but we're also going to drink everybody else's. Okay. And so help me understand what is the impact kind of forward looking here if that theory holds true and so far  will happen is I don't know if we found the bottom in equities yet or not. I own equities, I'm long equities. I think two or three years from now equities will be much higher than they are right now. Not because things are good in the world and not because things are good in the US, but because they're bad and we will be a recipient of flows as a relative, not an absolute, but as a relative safe haven. So I think two or three years from now, due to all the money printing and due to the effects of that and the effects of sucking in the money printing from around the world,  continues to put incredible pressure on the rest of the world because they have this dollar debt that they have to service and global commerce takes place in dollars. So I've used this example before, but if there's a Peruvian gold mine that's selling gold to China and it's financed by a bank in Japan, the invoices back and forth between the three are probably in dollars. That's just what, or copper or whatever.  issue digital coins of their own that do well. But until something can replace the global reserve system or the global reserve currency system, and there's another country that can enforce its use, the dollar is still going to be the predominant currency. And so it becomes this big vicious circle, whereas the dollar gets a bid and US asset prices come up, I think we get those flows because we become more attractive. That flow of liquidity, that means that the rest of  typically in emerging markets or less developed economies, food is more expensive, or a bigger percent of their overall budget. And as food prices start to rise, their cost of living goes up, but they're in a depressed economy, so they're revenues. So they're getting squeezed from both sides. And as they get squeezed, I think that liquidity gets squeezed out of those countries and it flows back to, and again, it creates this vicious cycle and it ends really badly for everybody, including the United States.  at 4,000. That never happens. You get the big ramp up and then you get the crash. And I kind of think that same thing will happen with the dollar. I think we're going to get this big short squeeze on the dollar over the next couple of years. It's going to go higher than anybody believes possible. It's going to create chaos everywhere. Eventually the world will come together. They will do something. I don't know if they have another Plaza Accord or it's written down or it's devalued or the world says, you know, we were gold's now at $7,000 because of all the chaos that it's  Got it. So that makes a lot of sense. Now, one of the things that it makes me immediately think of, so right now what we're seeing in this liquidity crisis is everyone is selling any asset they possibly can into a liquid market to get dollars, right? We're seeing the dollar strengthened, that you're seeing equities, commodities, Bitcoin, everything's going down. There is a number of people who would argue, and I'm actually probably one of them, that would say in order for those asset prices to stabilize and eventually recover, you need to have some weakening of the dollar at some point. You've got  I think there's a lot more people that think it's going to go lower than higher, but you could argue that there's a lot of people that think it's going to go higher. But most of the people that think the dollar is going to go higher also thinks it's going to lead to just a depression in the United States as well. And that's where I kind of disagree. And I think that we're going to get into a situation and we'll listen, we're not there yet, but I think we're going to get into a situation where US asset prices rise. The US dollar rises. Perhaps even  often, maybe that's not the traditional way that people think about it, but it can happen. And so if that starts to happen and we start to get some inflationary effects in the United States, and I'm not talking tomorrow, but a year from now, 18 months from now, two years from now, right? And it's also at the same time causing chaos overseas or in less developed markets or wherever it is. And people start, they're buying dollars as a flight to safety, but they're not going to put all their money in dollars.  want Bitcoin, you might want gold, you might want your Rolex watch, but what you need is dollars. And so the point I always try to make to people is it's not about what people want, it's what they need. When you do go down the pecking order, you start with what you need, then you start with what you'd like to have, then you have your dreams and your hopes, but you start with your needs. And the thing is, I would love to see a world where gold was a bigger part of the financial system  And I think as people try to escape the system, they'll go to safe havens, alternative forms of money, whether it's digital currencies or whether it's Bitcoin, whether it's Ripple, whether it's gold, whether it's diamonds, whether it's seashells, I don't know. But I think they will go to other things. But the dollar, I think until there's a viable alternative, I think the dollar is going to get the majority of those flows. So I think we'll get into a situation where the dollar's rising, gold's rising, Bitcoin will probably be rising.  Even if we're getting close to the bottom of the liquidation phase in equities, I'm not sure we're to the bottom of the liquidation phase in commodities. And that includes gold. Again, I think everybody should own gold. I think everybody should have some Bitcoin. I'm just not convinced they're going to pay off yet. Yeah, it's really interesting to hear kind of this idea that a safe haven trade kind of you almost bought a basket and you've got Bitcoin, you've got gold and you also have dollars in there. Right. And so when you look at it as these are all safe havens,  sort of alternative currency that fits within that safe haven basket. And so, you know, going back to kind of the, what do people want? You know, well, if you're in Venezuela, you probably want dollars. Actually, I know you want dollars, right? That is the most kind of secure, stable, safe thing that you can be in. It's just really, really hard to get dollars. You have to look at other things. And it's kind of like, what do you need versus what do you want? Now, absolutely. And, you know, I think the people that I probably debate the most with on my strong dollar theory are people from Laguna,  There's no reason you can't own both. Again, I'm pretty vocal. I know I'm pretty vocal. Part of the reason I'm very vocal is I actually want to try to help people understand what's actually going on in the real world, not the world that they want to exist, but the one that actually does exist. Maybe in some kind of a video game, you had to choose between the two, then you have to choose between dollars and gold. The real world that we live in, you can actually own both. You don't have to choose.  a headwind to gold. Now that doesn't mean you shouldn't own more than one thing in your safe haven basket. There's no reason you can't have two or three insurance policies. In fact, you should have two or three insurance policies, right? So the people that come at me really hard and say, you shouldn't have dollars, you should just have gold. Again, I just think it's a silly argument. I'm happy to have the argument just because I like to argue, but I think it's silly.  people is like, do they have another option? It almost feels like they're doing exactly what they have to do to keep this going. Even if we all think that it's crazy that it's happening, it's almost like they have to do it, right? Yeah, I mean, there's two parts to this. One, what are they supposed to do? And then what do they have to do? So there's a lot of people who come out and say, the Fed should do nothing. They should let the markets run themselves. Yes, that is what they should do.  Do they have to take multiple programs to finally get it under control? I'm convinced that they will eventually get it under control and the dollar will go much lower. I'm also convinced they're going to fail before they get before they're successful. So that kind of that's kind of a long way of answering your question. What do I think about it now? I think they're doing what they have to do in a crisis. You know, when the patient is hemorrhaging, you just want to stop the bleeding. Right. And then you can figure out the treatment. And that's what central bankers, they're just trying to stop the bleeding.  You either print money to put more collateral in the system off of which it can be loaned into existence or you do the, or you just make the loans bigger, right? One of those, that's the way money is created. It's either physically printed or it's loaned into existence. Those are the two ways we've reached the point where there's no more loans being created. So they're having to come in and plug that hole. I think the hole is dramatically bigger than anybody can conceptualize. So the fact that they're coming in and printing, I don't even know  And now that the fuse has been lit, I think this thing is gonna accelerate higher. Now, it doesn't mean there's not gonna be periods of time where they get it under control before another fire pops up or another bomb goes off. But now the battle has started. The battle was simmering for a long time, but now the battle's on. There's gonna be times where one side wins and the other side wins, but I think before it's all said and done that this dollar squeeze is gonna squeeze the dollar higher.  a few different things you can do, the correct answer, it kind of depends on where you live and what your home currency is. As a general rule, I would say it's kind of the same answer for everybody, but it's also a little different. I think the best place to be over the next two or three years is United States assets. Now, it doesn't mean there's not gonna be pain along the way, but I think if I am sitting in Sydney, Australia, and I see what's happening to the Australian dollar, I know what the Royal Bank of Australia  is hold dollars. Most people in the United States, we just hold dollars because it's our natural currency. But I think if you're overseas, and especially if you have a business that has liabilities in dollars, you should definitely hold dollars versus your local currency. That's the first thing. If you then have some excess savings, which you can deploy into US dollar assets, maybe you buy some big, the Dow or maybe even some short-term treasuries, I think that would be a good idea. I think you should buy some gold. I think you should have some Bitcoin.  So it is somewhat limited to certain individuals, but to anybody that would want to.