 Are people seeing the little screen or the big screen because I see myself twice I see a long screen and a big small one word Just the big screens All right guys bang bang. I have the one and only mr. Peter Schiff here He is going to educate us on the economy. He's been yelling and screaming about this stuff for the better part of a decade and You've been right sir. So thanks so much for coming on and talking about all this  Quantitative easing and the monetary stimulus didn't allow for the correction of the market at that time Yeah, well try to you know give a kind of cliff note version of that because it's a it's pretty long question and I've you know I've answered it on a lot of different things in fact I did a three and a half hour Live YouTube a chat yesterday and I kind of touched on some of that there so people can go and you know to go to my YouTube channel or shift radio I put it up on my podcast this morning and people could  never really finished goi intervene and propped him think, well, that's a goo  fell, which they would, all bubbles pop. And I knew that when real estate prices went down, unlike when stock prices went down, which was more a function of the individual owner. I mean, most people didn't borrow money to buy stocks. I mean, there was some margin buying, but most people, you know, they bought stocks with their own money, but they bought real estate with somebody else's money. And so I knew that when real estate prices fell and mortgages defaulted, that it would become a financial crisis, because  money against their house to go and buy a car or take a vacation or do whatever they were doing. And so I knew that when real estate prices collapsed and all the home equity disappeared, that all the consumer spending would go along with it, disappear. And so I knew we would have the worst recession since the Great Depression, that we'd have double digit unemployment, trillion dollar deficits. I wrote about it, I talked about it. And then everything I forecast happened, including what I said the government would do about the financial crisis,  and shrink their balance sheet. In fact, even before they tried it, when they just talked about it, I said that this bubble is so big, there's no way that you can take the air out of it. So I said, if the Fed ever tried to normalize rates, they would be back at zero. If they ever tried to shrink their balance sheet, they would have to reverse the process. And those forecasts have come true. The Fed never got to normal, we got to two and a half, and now we're back at zero. The Fed never shrank its balance sheet very much. In fact, today, the balance sheet  Bear with us for a second, guys. His connection will come right back. Let's give him one minute. Peter is down in Puerto Rico, so the internet connection may not be the best. Stick with us for a second, and he'll come right back.  All right, there you go So I don't know why we keep losing it but so as I was saying We're now at the point of the real crash because they are gonna try to reflate the bubble So they're doing everything they did after the financial crisis only got a much bigger scale Because this is a much bigger financial crisis because we have a lot more debt now In fact, they keep trying to deny that it's a financial crisis  the stock market went into the real estate market. These guys think that they can get away with that again. It's not going to happen this time. This time, it's going into the supermarket. This time, you're going to see runaway, maybe hyperinflation. I think hyperinflation, as bad as that is, I used to think that was the worst case scenario. Now, it's the most probable. It's not a guarantee, but in order to avoid hyperinflation, things are going to have to get really, really bad.  And, you know, I mean, so I mean, everybody is excited about the government taking care of everybody and the government providing everybody with stimulus checks. Well, I mean, those stimulus checks aren't going to matter if there's nothing to buy. If the money that they're printing doesn't have any purchasing power. That's where we are right now. You know, I mean, everybody thinks the government can take care of the people when the government doesn't have any money that doesn't first take from the people. And it's not if it's not going to take it from taxes, if it's just going to print it into existence, which is what we're doing.  The people are broke. So I mean, you know, how is a broke government gonna bail out a broke nation? They can't so that but they think that the money they print has value it doesn't they're about to find out I mean, I you know, I think the dollar is gonna collapse once this liquidity Crisis is over short-term liquidity, which is causing a rush into dollars Which is what happened during the financial crisis early in the OA financial crisis the dollar went up But then it got killed and the only reason it stopped falling  This is the type of internet connection you must get when you use gold to buy it. There we go. You're back. Hello. All right. Keep going. So the QE convinced everyone. What was the last thing I heard? That they convinced everyone QE worked. That they convinced everyone. Well, that was a long time ago. Well, they convinced everybody that it worked because they said they were now going to end it. They were going to normalize rate.  as bad as the stock market. But within about six or seven months, gold made a new high. And then it kept going. And then it went up to almost 2000. The high before the financial crisis was maybe like 1100. And it went down to 800 or something. This time, gold only fell about 15%. And it's already recovered almost all of its losses from the peak. It's only about another 2% or 3% away from its high. And it's only been a week or two.  100 you know so not much of a of a of a dollar move, but there Come on Peter gotta get him back here That Puerto Rico Wi-Fi I Don't know why this is such an unstable connection It's cuz you got Puerto Rican Wi-Fi come on. You're in Puerto Rico join the Sun  the dollar dominance as the global reserve currency. The Federal Reserve yesterday did something that I also predicted they would do a long time ago, is that is go to QE infinity. Not only QE infinity for the Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities, but they're now adding muni bonds, corporate bonds. The Federal Reserve is going to be buying the entire dollar-denominated bond market because the only way they can keep interest rates so artificially low is to lend all the money themselves.  the dollars that they get when they cash in their treasuries, they're going to buy a lot of gold. That's what they're going to do because they're going to have to hold something else as a reserve for their fiat currency. Because before everybody was using the dollar, all these foreign central banks were holding gold. That was every time he starts to get excited, he's going to get kicked off. He's going to get super frustrated.  with gold. And the United States, after the war, Second World War, we convinced the world to back their currencies with dollars instead of gold. But it was easy to do that because the dollar was as good as gold. Because if you had $35, you could get an ounce of gold. Just you ask the government for it and they would give it to you. And that was the exchange rate, 35 paper dollars for one ounce of gold. And so that worked. But in 1970,  currency, which meant they were backed by nothing. But the world continued. But because we had this privilege of just printing paper money that people would hold in reserve, we had all this seniorage gain from our status. And so America began to live beyond its means. And we developed an economy that is based on consumption and imports and borrowing. And we don't save enough. We don't produce enough. And all this has been sustained by the world who has supported us.  You can earn up to 8.6% APY. Peter will come right back.  with us and they've been, you know, loaning us their savings. And so, hold on. So that's going to be a big plus for people who are living in other parts of the world. So how do we solve this problem? Can we simply just put the dollar back on the gold standard? Would that solve the problem? Well, the dollar will be back on a gold standard eventually. I mean, that's the only solution.  think the government's going to provide them with health care. They can't, right? So we're going to have to... All right, we're waiting for Peter to come back. Unstoppabledomains.com slash browser. You can go and download their new browser and you can start to access the decentralized web. Unstoppabledomains.com slash browser. Peter will be right back. I'm here. All right, go ahead. Hello. Yeah, so I said it, you know,  and black markets and all kinds of things. But as things get really bad, capitalism is gonna get the blame. Greedy businesses who are raising prices are gonna get the blame. So I don't know. America could be a very, very dark place five years from now. It could be a very, very, I mean, much worse than now. You think it's like out of a movie now, like this is so surreal and kind of apocalyptic that nobody wants to go outside.  Trillion dollar platinum coins we can we can load up Digital wallets with digital dollars and just start giving people money to spend like just create it out of thin air Look, we can create all the paper money we want, but we can't create purchasing power We can't create the products. In fact, this is the crazy thing about All right, well we're waiting for Peter to come back tax bit calm They'll help you pay your crypto taxes go to tax bit calm  available is going to diminish, right? So there's gonna be less stuff to buy. At the same time, the government is creating more money to buy it. So you're gonna have all this cash and fewer goods and services to buy. So it's like we're getting the, the CP prices going up on both ends. We're getting a decline in supply at the same time that we get an increase in demand. I mean, right now we're getting a little bit of an increase in a decrease in supply and energy or of the  to anoint another reserve currency. Remember, the only reason the dollar became the reserve currency is because it was backed by gold. There are no currencies today that are backed by gold. I don't think it makes sense to put the crown on the euro or the yen or the Chinese RMB. I think the most logical choice is just to go back to what worked before it was the dollar and that's gold. That way, it's all fair. Nobody can print gold. Gold is  So that, you know, that's where we're headed. You know, now I know, you know, a lot of your. Go ahead. Yeah, I know a lot of people that, you know, that follow you are thinking, no, no, this is where Bitcoin comes in, right? Like Bitcoin is going to be the new medium of exchange. It's going to be the new store of value. It's going to be the new money. And I don't think there's a chance of that happening. I just don't.  I just don't see people transacting in Bitcoin. It's too unreliable, unstable, volatile. I just don't see that happening at all. It's a bunch of wishful thinking out there. People just think they're going to own these Bitcoins and they're going to be super rich because they have a few Bitcoin or a fraction of a Bitcoin, whatever they got. I think it's just a pipe dream. I think Bitcoin is going to collapse as well as a lot of these fiat currencies, probably more because Bitcoin could go to zero or close enough to  check out ledger. They've got a whole bunch of hardware solutions to help you keep your Bitcoin and crypto safe. You can head on over and check out ledger. They are a recent sponsor of the podcast.  What do you think of habits to the traditional currencies? Will we see digital fiat currencies, meaning a digital dollar, a digital one, a digital ruble, et cetera, or do those currencies never actually get to be digital? Well, I mean, in most, they're actually digital now. I mean, most of the money that the Federal Reserve creates is digital. It's not, you know, it's not a bill. The actual physical cash is a small part of the money supply. So in a way we already have that. But yes, I mean, in fact, they're even talking about that now.  spending, they can deny you the ability to use it for certain things or certain products. I mean, and they know everything you buy. So yeah, I mean, that's, you know, they could just outlaw cash and, you know, just have everybody using digital cash, but yeah, they could do that. But again, Remember, the podcast is not only a podcast, I write a daily newsletter every single morning, you can go to pump.substack.com and check it out pump.substack.com.  This is what happens when you move to Puerto Rico He has completely disappeared on us I Think one of the things that's interesting what he's talking about here is there's absolutely a trade-off between Tricia. Oh, there he is. All right, go ahead  Oh, no, everything looks okay. I don't know why you can't hear me. Go. I'm talking. You can't hear me? I can hear you now. Oh, oops. What's so funny? Drop in the computer. Come on. Huh? It's a professional operation here.  can't make your followers go broke so they have nothing to save. You know, I mean, you got to you got to get him into real money. You got to get him into gold. Right. And you got to get him out of Bitcoin. Be the guy that gets out. Don't be the guy that goes down with the ship. You got half. I don't know. You got. I heard you got half your network in Bitcoin. Listen, I don't disagree that going is going to do well coming out of this. But I also think that Bitcoin is going to do much, much better than gold just because  was in a bubble. You don't know that. I mean, it started out very obscure as like kind of like a game for libertarians and things like that. And it didn't really start attracting investor attention until it really moved up to about a thousand and then it pulled back and it stayed at two, 300 for a few years. And then all of a sudden everybody rushed into it and it went up to 20,000. Now it's at 6,600, almost three years later.  software. It was like he's speaking nonsense right now. So kick them off. He'll be back in a second. But when he comes back, we'll talk about kind of my thought process behind why I think Bitcoin will do do so well. But as I said, I actually am a believer that gold. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people a lot of people thought that the institutions were going to be the next people in to take the market to new levels. And I never bought that that was going to happen. I mean, other than a few Bitcoin type funds,  this month. So gold is acting like a save haven. It's acting like a store of value. Bitcoin is acting like another speculative asset. Why would anybody want that? I mean, what's the point of buying that? So I don't see the institutional demand coming in to Bitcoin. And I don't think there's a lot more of individuals coming in. I think, by and large, most of the adopters have already adopted it. I think you got some people who are putting more money in, but I don't really see a lot of growth  buying it that cheap have already gotten out. I mean, there could be some that still have it, but I think a lot of those guys hit the bids a long time ago with most of their Bitcoin. But I think there's a lot of bigger money like the Winklevie or some of these other ways.  We'll both do well the only difference between the two that I see is you have the Bitcoin having occurring in about 50 days and so would be like at the end of 2009 or 10 or in the 2010 as everyone ran to gold 50% of all of the gold miners shutting off So 50% of the new supply just goes away making that scarce asset even scarcer. What do you think? Well, first of all, well, first of all, I don't think Bitcoin qualifies as sound money number one, but number two  we have the gold, and that's our gold supply. Bitcoin, the annual increase in supply is bigger. Each year now, the impact of the mining in Bitcoin has a greater impact on supply. Even if they cut the mining in half, the supply of Bitcoins would still be growing faster than the supply of gold. I think when it comes to Bitcoin, what's more important is not going to be the supply, but the  and then you have central banks that are going to be buying gold for monetary reserves. And then you have the investor demand, but there's this demand there. Bitcoin only has demand from one source, and that's people who want to speculate on the price going up. And I think if a lot of people no longer want to speculate on the price going up because it's been going down and they're losing money, there's no demand. One of the reasons that Bitcoin gained a lot of popularity is after 2011, the price of gold went into a bank.  I don't need this substitute. And so I think the demand is going to go away. And so I don't think it matters about a reduction in the increase of supply. If we have a collapse in demand, what's your Bitcoin worth? Because you can only use Bitcoin. If somebody wants to buy it from you, because they think the price is going up. But if all the people think the price is going down, then nobody's going to want to buy it. Everybody's going to want to sell. And who's going to do the buying? There is nobody. So the price is going to implode. I mean, Bitcoin, any day  Hold on one second. Yeah, I was saying that I think it's possible that Bitcoin can make another run to the highs or maybe make a new high. But I think that is a low probability outcome. I think there is a much greater probability that we're in a bear market and we're nowhere near the bottom. And so, you know, I don't think the risk reward is there. And I think if you want to gamble on something going way up,  and take a lot of risk, there's better places for Bitcoin. If you don't want to gamble, if you want to play it safe, you got no business in Bitcoin. There's nothing safe about it. So you can't compare it to gold. I think gold is a lot safer than any fiat currency over a longer time horizon, a year, two, your five years. But that's not true about Bitcoin. Bitcoin is more volatile and more risky than any fiat currency out there. And anybody who thinks differently is just to agree themselves.  It's up 70. Yeah, that's because 12 months That's because in the year before that it was down 70% So you Bitcoin crashed from 20,000 down to 3,000, you know, and so then it roused He's gonna get so frustrated that he keeps coming out right when right when he's getting excited And Joe's keeps putting gold prices and Bitcoin prices on the side  Talk to me when we're at new highs. Talk to me when Bitcoin is above 20,000. But, you know, I don't even... I doubt it's keeping getting back to the level of that 14,000 high. I agree with you that when you hold it short term, it's incredibly volatile, right? But over long periods of time, it's proven to be a very well-performing asset. And I think that the setup that we have with quantitative easing and the halving is going to be amazing for Bitcoin over the next 18 to 24 months.  would respond in a recession, in a stock market, in a bear market, because it hasn't seen that. It's too young. Its lifespan has been too short. So you don't know. You can't say the long term. There is no long term with Bitcoin. It's all short term. The one thing I will admit to you is in the next 18 to 24 months, Bitcoin has to shine or it won't fulfill the promise that it has.