 Alright guys, bang bang. I've got a special treat for you tonight in that we have Preston who is calling in or videoing in. We're recording this remotely so bear with us if there's any audio issues. Once the quarantine season is over we will get back to in-person interviews  right now. I mean, I kind of expected it to get crazy, but I wasn't expecting it to get crazy in such a short amount of time. I thought it was going to be much more drawn out and just this churn. And it has just turned out to be the exact opposite of that. For sure. So before we get into kind of what's happening right now, let's talk just your background and kind of share with us how do we get from your early life to today? You know, so when I went to college,  You go into the army after you graduate and I went in and I started flying helicopters. I became an Apache pilot, but I wasn't doing a lot of math. It was some of your flight planning. I guess there's some basic arithmetic there, but not really a lot of math. And so I just became kind of obsessed with the markets because it was really complex. And I can say that's probably one of the things that really gets me excited is when something's difficult to understand and it's really complex.  So it led me to Warren Buffett. I kind of became obsessed with anything and everything Warren Buffett related. You can probably see the security analysis book back there behind me. I had the whole thing tabbed out and highlighted and just totally nerded out on the thing. And, you know, 2008 hits and learned real fast that there was a lot of parts to the investing story that I still didn't understand through that, through that event and just made me dig in even more. And so  Bitcoin and kind of crypto as you're doing that study. You know, I, uh, I was not a macro person at all for the longest time. And believe it or not, it's kind of funny because I read Tony Robbins book. Uh, Oh God, I can't even remember the name of he's, he's done two of them. The first one, I think it was just called money master. The game was the first one. And in the book he talks about Ray Dalio a lot. And I, I had been,  Dalio, I was just kind of blown away how much Tony Robbins was talking him up. So I started reading everything I could get my hands on on Ray Dalio. Like, how does he have his opinion? Why is it structured this way? Why does he have gold in his portfolio? That's nuts, because any Warren Buffett person will tell you gold's worthless. So like all these ideas that were just, they were so counter to everything that I believed up to that point. And I loved it because it was counter to what I thought. And  the video, I would tell you that video, that 30 minute video is probably more valuable than anything you'll probably ever learn in a business school economics class ever. And I truly mean that. If you don't believe me, pull up the video, watch it for yourself. And I'm pretty much sure that that's probably the conclusion you'll draw at the end of it. Well, anyway, Ray had a, I would say it was a, it's on the shelf back there too, probably 200 to 250 pages.  far as the fundamentals, maybe 10% you could shave off to some other folks. But in general, I'd say it's a 50-50 split between those two investors as to how I think about markets. And so that's how I started getting invested, where I started getting interested in Bitcoin is because I'm looking at all the things from the Dalio approach and I'm saying, this is pretty darn scary now that I'm seeing the world from a completely different vantage point and all these macro factors.  the light suite, well it was more than that because I started getting into Bitcoin. It was probably 2014 when I started reading all that and it quickly led me to Bitcoin and I made my first purchase at the start of the second quarter in 2015 for Bitcoin.  U.S. markets are a disaster and they, you know, this and that. But what I think a lot of people are missing is it's not just the U.S. This is a global thing that everybody is in simultaneously at the same time. And I personally believe, and I've talked about this on a couple other shows recently, that the reason you're seeing everything so correlated from a macro standpoint across all these various countries, call it the yen, call it the euro, the dollar, I mean, pretty much  And that was a long time ago. But when the dollar was pegged to gold, and it was pegged clear up to 71, and all the other countries were pegged to the dollar throughout that period of time, that's where you're getting the correlation from as far as them all moving together. So when you come off of that peg in 71, and interest rates are sky high, and they even went higher into the early 80s because they were de-pegged and all that, and they were still printing and adjusting the money multiplier and all that stuff.  as they kept driving those interest rates lower. And there's your big credit cycle, the Dalio described credit cycle that I was referencing earlier, that now you're at 0%. And so now what does that mean? Yeah. And it feels like, you know, there's a lot of people, especially in the Bitcoin community, who've been yelling and screaming about, Hey, if what happened already happens, Bitcoin's going to do very well. And there's a little bit of impatience, I  like, how does that play into where we are right now? So at the end, which is where we're at now, because you've got interest rates at 0%, you've got to go back to some type of sound money. That's pretty much the only way you can get by. And most of it revolves around the debt markets, because once you, once you have debt at 0%, I mean, think of your, you got to put yourself in the shoes of a 60 year old, 70 year old person who can't afford volatility in their  Your velocity of money, when you look at that metric over the last 30 years, has just been continuing to decline, just like your interest rates have. And the reason that you're seeing that is because the money is getting polarized into the upper class of society. And guess what? The upper class only has so many yachts and only so many mansions they go out and buy until they're kind of task saturated on their pleasures. And then the rest just goes into more capital investments in the stock market.  the bond market because it's at 0%. And that's what your quantitative easing has done. And now they've got to start inserting the cash into the general population in order to create some type of, some type of spending. Right? Because everyone, I don't want to say everyone, but a majority of your people, not just in the U.S., but globally are in this situation where they've already spent it. They're on credit cards now at this point, and they can't spend anymore. So now, now you're seeing UBI enter. And I'll tell you, a year ago,  tribute UBI to the coronavirus, which is fine because maybe it might help prevent a war between nations. But they're gonna, they're gonna attribute it to that. But I can tell you all the groundwork and all the mathematics and all the lack of velocity of money were pointing in this direction way before this coronavirus ever came along. Yeah, it feels like the coronavirus really is the accelerant for kind of a number of trends and  to, let's ratchet up our moves. So it almost is, I said to somebody, it's kind of like they're used to playing chess. Now they have to play one-minute chess. And the second that they have to play one-minute chess, that just means they make their moves faster than they would have wanted to do if, if they didn't have kind of a health and financial crisis at the same time. Does that feel right to you? Or do you look at it a different way? No, I completely agree with what you're saying. You know, if you did the math on it, and you were saying,  I don't think a lot of people are going to view it that way, but that's absolutely how I view it. Yeah, I tend to think you're more right than wrong in that analysis. So Bitcoin last week or two weeks ago at this point had a massive drawdown, drew down 50 percent. It's down about 30 percent, give or take right now from from kind of pre the coronavirus financial crunch, if you are the liquidity crisis. A lot of people are looking around the room and saying, hey, is it over?  So although you're right from saying the before the coronavirus kind of hit, you know, I look I I personally was looking at the coronavirus back in January and I was like, this is going to be really bad, super bad because of the videos and the numbers we were seeing out of China. But if we were just going to look at the numbers from the start of the year, because it just gives you a little bit more context on performance, the start of the year gold is down one point six percent. Bitcoin from the start, January 1st is down four  and he's comparing the stock, the existing amount of, and anyone who's listening to this as a book Bitcoiner obviously knows with how this thing is measured. It's your stock, the amount of Bitcoins that are currently on the market versus the flow, how many are being dropped at whatever rate. And when you're looking at this thing and you're seeing how accurate the R squared value is on this, it's, I've never seen anything like this in trading the markets since I've been doing it for two decades. Not anything close to  that stock to flow value tremendously. But as time marches on, you see that volatility kind of start coming in and kind of become fixated into that real tight price pattern. And you're seeing the same thing play out right now. But I think what surprised everybody with this recent drop is they were not expecting this. I was not expecting this drop at all. But I wasn't expecting the supply and demand shock that we saw that came out of the coronavirus at the level  risk mitigation. What I mean by that is you have, let's just say you have an airline company, like they're trying to protect their risk in the oil market, right? So they're there for the right reasons to mitigate their risk. They just look at it as an insurance cost. But then the people on the other side of that trade are pretty much high stakes gamblers and people that are speculators, right? And so when those assumptions that are being made  talking about monetary baseline fiat that you've got to swap into in order to adjudicate that impairment on those balance sheets. And so think about what we just saw. We saw the biggest supply and demand shock. I think you could argue the world has ever seen. We just saw the biggest supply demand shock, which means you had the biggest amount of impairment that we've ever seen in the derivatives market ever.  To lay a little context to it, let's just assume the gold market's 10 trillion just for easy math. And you'll hear people say it's six or seven or eight trillion or whatever, but let's just make the number around here. Let's say it's a $10 trillion market for the entire global gold market. This is 160 times bigger than that. That's how big this is capitalized as far as the derivatives. So when you're talking about a 1,600 trillion  All right. So just to say that Bitcoin went down and has already had quite a decent recovery. I mean, hold on. Let me look at the flipping chart. Hold on. Let me do the math real fast. Bitcoin has already recovered 50 percent since the bottom of this derivative event. Right. And now it might not stay there. It might go back down. That could happen. I know. But the fact that it has rebounded 50 percent  of what would happen when you do have a truly free market in times of panic, uncertainty, fear, et cetera. Bitcoin is a free market, right? There's no circuit breakers, there's no hours of operations. And so when you get that moment where everyone is selling everything, the fact that it only drew down 50% is wild. And then if you look at things like I think Nick Carter and the folks at Coin Metrics did a study that almost all of the Bitcoin that was sold in that sell-off was Bitcoin that had moved  speculators, something as simple as a liquidity crisis, they couldn't get out of it soon enough and you get a 50% drop in a free market.  influence and shape the future. Let me tell you, they are. So I was, I just looked at it as a blessing. I just looked at it and was like, Oh, hell yeah, this is great. So obviously, there's all kinds of uncertainty going on in the markets. There's this huge liquidity crisis. We see the dollar strengthening against other currencies, against all of these assets, which kind of leads to the asset price bleed, etc. And then we got the Fed's response. And  was another word that was used to basically describe how much printing they are willing to do in order to try to get us out of this thing. What's your general reaction to all of this? You know, kind of like what I said at the start of the show, I think it was all expected. I just wasn't expecting it to unravel in a week and a half that they would be coming up with some of these obscene numbers that they're that they're coming up with. I was just not expecting it to roll out. It sucked.  And so when you look at the valuation of a fiat currency, it's all about its utility and how many people need to swap into it at that moment in order to make good on whatever they're trying to adjudicate or buy or whatever. And so when I look at that and I say, wow, the dollar is just taking off like a rocket right now. It's getting so strong. And then you think of all the implications of that. So all the goods inside of the United States are now more expensive, whether they're actually a product or they're a service, all that.  continue to get drastically repriced as the call for people to go back to work takes place or doesn't take place, regardless of where it's at. If it happens sooner or if it happens later, all those derivatives for that duration in the curve are then going to get repriced. Then everyone's going to run back to the dollar in order to, and I'm talking as a percentage-wise, they're going to run back into the derivatives market to reprice all that. And the dollar is going to continue to just go gangbusters.  economic lessons that people have learned in the last couple of weeks. The first was, what's a liquidity crisis and how does that have an effect on all these assets? I've probably answered that question 100 plus times on why are all the asset prices going down? And then once people understand what liquidity crisis is and how it works, okay, that makes sense to me. Now, the second thing that we're seeing is I keep telling people, listen, the dollar is strengthening at some point, they're going to have to weaken it if they want to stabilize markets and eventually drive the recovery.  So you bring up a great point, and I think it comes down to how people are interpreting timelines. And so, you know, they, they'll see a tweet where I say, I think that the, that fiat currency is doomed, right? And so the immediate conclusion must be, well, Presta thinks the dollar is a bad place to be. But they don't understand, it's, it's really hard to communicate everything in whatever, how many characters you have on a Twitter feed. But  the dollar in that very short window is outperforming. And I think as you see these other, if you have more derivative events like this that blow it out, that cause a huge surge for monetary baseline fiat, you're going to see the price of everything, probably to include Bitcoin, get punished through those events. But then it's going to come back, especially as they start doing all these quantitative easing and UBI and everything else that they've got  like we're accustomed to. But people going back to work, there's going to be a demand there. You've got UBI payments that are going to be going out that are going to be very hard to turn off. And all of that's going to start plowing its way into what I would describe as a fixed supply or a fixed flow of commodities that are going to start coming out. And they're going to somewhat perform like gold and Bitcoin, but not nearly at the yield that you're going to see on those two in particular.  ends up being up 3x over the life cycle of the 2008, kind of 2011 crisis. And it feels like same playbook, just a different day, right? Where you're going to get that response from governments where they've got to bring the monetary stimulus to weaken the dollar to stabilize markets and drive a recovery. And over time, you're going to see people realize today being in the dollar is a great idea. Six months, 12 months, 18 months from now, probably not the best idea.  It's getting a little weird. For sure. So what's your general thought process on the Fed's response? Are they just doing what they have to do? Like, is this the right thing for them to do, given the set of cards that they have? Or do you think that they should be doing something else that might put them in a better position? Well, they're in a unique situation because they understand what's going on. I don't think there's any shape  and breaking. And so the challenge that they have is last time I checked, when you implement fiscal policy, you got a lot of people that got a vote on it and agree what that looks like. Whereas on the monetary policy side, you've got basically a figurehead that says, this is what we're going to do. Like you saw today, they're like, Hey, let's just start buying corporate debt through an ETF. Like just out of nowhere. And I mean, people, they're doing these things because they literally have to.  because you've got so many voting members and you've got so many people who clearly do not understand what in the world is happening. There's no way that they could possibly understand all the nuances of this from all the other things that they handle and what their specialties are and stuff like that. I don't expect them to understand this, but I, I guess what I do expect out of them is to not outspend the tax receipts. I think that would be the only thing we really need them to do is not exceed the spending of what they raise in tax receipts. We did that. We'd never have this problem.  gross social unrest, not just in the U.S., but globally. And I think people are already kind of seeing some of that. Yeah, it sounds like you're of the opinion, as am I, that once they start this, there's no going back. They won't be able to turn it off. People will get it. Just like the economy got addicted to monetary stimulus, you're going to get a population addicted to UBI and, and pretty much, you know, you ever go to take it away from them, you're going to have that same social unrest. So you might as well just buckle up and get used to this as the new norm.  that realization for a lot of people, especially as all these UBI checks go out and you got so many millennials that are just going to plow it straight into this. And these millennials have been a condition to find 30% moves up or down to be somewhat normal. It's like, oh, well, I don't have anything to lose. So if it went down 30%, no big deal. And they're just, I mean, they're like the pristine hodler that you need them to be, that you get some of the older generation.  and some of her peers, but it doesn't really matter who it is, is now proposing the idea of folks getting a digital wallet and receiving these UBI payments potentially through a digital dollar. What do you kind of take from this whole idea of everyone hates Libra and Bitcoin 12 months ago to now we're talking about potentially paying UBI via a digital dollar into a digital wallet?  There's definitely no difference in it being pegged, which is the issue. So unless, and even if they did say it was pegged, I don't think anyone would believe it. So I know I wouldn't. I would immediately swap it into Bitcoin if I received it. And I think anybody who understands what's happening is going to do the exact same thing. So if anything, they've just accelerated the speed at which Bitcoin adoption is going to happen by doing it. So sure, have at it.  digital ruble or something like that, but I can't get a digital dollar. There's an accessibility challenge and therefore I'm going to store my wealth in another currency if for some reason I don't do it in Bitcoin. But then the second piece is, well, if they're going to digitize the dollar, then they're going to have to get everyone digital wallets. And just like you said, I think that once you start handering people digital wallets, humans aren't stupid, right? And they're going to realize very quickly, wait a second, there's one that's a deflationary type currency that has the ability to be provably scarce versus  I mean, if you've got a billion dollars and you got to send it into another currency and it takes hours or a day to get a clearance of transaction on that, you've got to take out some type of, I would think a smart person would look at that and say, all right, what's my, what's my volatility risk for this specific currency into the other one. And they got to take out a derivatives contract in order to protect that. With, with digital tokens, you get your credit card.  adopt a different form of, of currency. I mean, it's just, it's just, it's just silly, man. When you look at, when you look at how obvious some of this is, you just got to shake your head and just say, My God, how are people not getting this? Yeah, most of them haven't done the work yet. You mentioned kind of the demise of currencies, though. And I know that you probably more than most have done a lot of work, one, studying and understanding, but also two, kind of articulating how currencies  that for, I mean, since 1971, that condition has been met. The next one is that you have fiscal spending that exceeds the tax receipts. And so we've had that for quite a while as well. You know, you could have a, you could have a fiat currency. And as long as that country that, that is hosting that currency does not outspend their tax receipts, you're fine. You, you don't necessarily have to have a peg, but you know, human nature, you can read a book on human nature, any  particular issue as far as tax receipts, or the spending exceeding tax receipts is you just got to put term limits on people. That's just, it's just too obvious. But anyway, another conversation. The third condition that needs to be met is that once you get the debt that's issued in that currency on the government, I'm specifically talking about the government debt. Once it starts going down to 0%, and you start getting real rates  Preston, give me $100. I guarantee you I'll give you back $95 next year. That, in essence, is your negative yielding bond contract. So when you have all three of those met, that's when a currency starts to fail. Now, if you look at, I hear people say, well, look at Japan. Look what happened there. They were at 0% for years and all those conditions were met. And you also have to look at where that money can flow globally when those conditions are set. And so you had yield in all these  couldn't get a more, you know, I, I stole this from Warren Buffett. He would always say picking up pennies in front of a steamroller. You couldn't get a more picking up pennies in front of a steamroller type strategy than that, in my humble opinion. Yeah, it feels like that's a very classically trained financial engineer type answer, right? Which is, how do I eke out any little bit of basis points of value?  We could