 All right, I think we are going live now. We are live. Hey everybody. So guys, I am in New York City and Caitlin is in Wyoming. Normally I only do the podcast live and in person, but Caitlin has been kind enough to on a Sunday jump on this live stream and we're going to try to figure this out because we may be doing more remote live cast for a while now.  the  Okay, so I think that that tweet should have just gone out and we'll see how that goes. All right, Kaitlyn, let's jump right in. For those that don't know you, the small few, maybe just give us kind of a quick two minutes on your background and what you've done previously in terms of career-wise before getting into a Bitcoin.  of some of the issues that I've identified in the traditional financial services industry. Left in 2016 to work on blockchain technology full-time. Did a detour through an enterprise blockchain technology company before coming back to the decentralized protocols and worked as a volunteer for the last two years unpaid, helping in my native state of Wyoming where I just returned to after 29 years to  issues that were kind of persisting in the legacy world. Maybe walk us through what those issues were and how they kind of led into what we've seen over the last two weeks or so. Yeah, I in 2008 during the financial crisis, I got very curious because the mainstream explanation for things stopped making sense. And frankly, I think a lot more people are figuring out in the last couple of weeks that that same thing is true and arriving at  Interest rates were too low. He acknowledged on Charlie Rose's show I think that that That that was what caused the mortgage crisis and then a couple days later I heard him give an interview where he was job owning the Fed to interest rates lower interest rates even still and obviously that was a logical disconnect that I just got very curious about and started digging and intuitively knew something was wrong and It really I dug deep I actually  economists think about the world and and so again I think that's probably why a lot of folks are here because there's an understanding that something's wrong and They're not getting the real story Yeah, I think it's a great way to put it and so this past week we've seen what I'll call very high levels of volatility across a number of different Markets, we've seen what I've categorized as kind of this liquidity crisis where everyone's running to the door and selling as much of these liquid acids they can try to  has had a pretty crazy week there were bid offer spreads of as wide as a hundred basis points in the 30 or Treasury this past week, which is really scary, but because That's how the US government funds itself and that's how the big banks also increasingly fund themselves for the last when I say increasingly for the last 15 years that's how the big banks have funded themselves is through what's called the repo market and repo is essentially you're just posting collateral typically a US Treasury  Basically, that's how the US government funds its deficits by issuing Treasury bonds. That is how, if God forbid, there are problems with the FDIC and the FDIC insurance fund, which I would invite you to go and look at how big that is relative to the size of the banking sector. Hint, hint, it's very small. And if the FDIC needs more money, they have to go to the US Treasury, which would have to issue Treasury bonds. We start having problems with Treasury bond issuance. It's a challenge. Now, that said, they did get the  2008 and this is this is definitely the worst one since 2008 if not worse than 2008 we don't know yet Okay, so let's kind of take this one piece at a time So I think there's a lot of people who have no clue about the Treasury markets about how the auctions work and why that's so important maybe explain how do these auctions work and then also why They're so crucial. We talked about kind of funding for the government, etc  that the treasury, treasuries get sold, but to the extent that the banks have challenges with their own funding, keep in mind it's sort of a loop, right? Because the banks actually need those treasuries at the same time for them to get funding in the repo market. So I probably won't go into more details than that, but let's step back and understand about the auctions specifically. But the big picture is, what does it mean? The US Treasury is essentially the reserve asset of the securities industry.  out $10 worth of loans through fractional reserve multipliers, that you turn $1 of monetary base into $10 of credit. That's the way the traditional banking system works. But that's not where most of the credit has been issued in the economy or in the financial system in the last couple of decades. Most of it has been issued in the so-called shadow banking system, which is really the securities markets, where treasury bonds, which are IOUs of the US government, just like or analogous to  in quote, air quotes, asset is the treasury bond. And we see the rush to safety. We certainly saw that treasury yields collapsed, which meant that the price went up because yield and the price moving opposite directions. You saw them hit record lows across the entire interest rate curve, US treasury interest rate curve this past week. And so there was a rush to rush to quality, but then you start to get the reality that in fact, actually liquidity has kind of disappeared from these markets.  $5 trillion announcement, explain kind of the mechanisms of they say, hey, we're going to inject this liquidity, but what exactly is happening there from a mechanism standpoint, so that people understand kind of how they quote save. Yeah, so the injection of liquidity is literally injecting reserves into the banking system, injecting cash into the banking system, the Fed's balance sheet increases. Some people call that printing money.  it had purchased run off. But now that's reverse course and now the Fed's increasing its balance sheet again. And so from the Fed perspective, we're north of 4 trillion, I think around 4.2, 4.3 trillion of Fed balance sheet right now. Again, up from 800 million in the last financial crisis. One of the analysts who I must take my hat off to, Doug Nolan, who really got this whole thing right and has been chronicling what was coming  This is just one person's perspective and you can't rely on it, but hopefully it will just help make you think. That's the only thing I would like for you all to take away from this is just one person's perspective to help make you think. It's a different perspective than you're going to read in the mainstream press. But anyway, coming back to is the $10 trillion number that much? Back in last fall, I think a lot of people were shocked by that prediction.  and they're securities dealers, primary dealers, that handle Treasury auctions for the US Treasury. But even there, actually, the balance sheets are typically not even in the same legal entity. So the cash is going into the traditional banking industry, but not into the securities industry. And that's part of the reason why you see these dislocations that don't totally make sense. But in fact, actually, if you understand the plumbing, it does make sense.  is backed by nothing and is kind of at will, can be expanded without any kind of logic behind it. Well, you just laid out exactly the way it works. The Fed is literally writing a check on itself. It's the only institution, only bank. It's legally a bank. It's the only bank that's allowed to do that, to literally create money out of thin air. And then it's monetary based, like I said, gets multiplied by other banks who are allowed to create  important point. I think for some listeners that's going to be news. Most of you probably understand that the banking system is an IOU. We don't legally own the deposits in our bank account. That's a promise to pay from our bank. So effectively we've lent them the dollars we've deposited in the bank. The piece that very few people understand in my experience though is that the same is true in the securities industry. We think we own the shares in our brokerage account. In fact, we don't. They are IOUs the same way  The banking industry and the securities industry the base asset in and of itself is an IOU to your point Yeah, and so let's talk a little bit about kind of how we've gotten here, right because This is not something where nobody saw it coming There's actually quite a few people who've been publicly saying there's issues. There's issues and I don't want to say that anybody was like, you know It's gonna happen in January or February or March 2020 I think it was more of just these  the credit bubble is by far the bigger issue. The virus will definitely be a problem for everybody. Everybody is holed up at home or if you're not you should be to try to reduce the spread. Voluntarily you should be to try to protect the elderly and the folks that are more susceptible to it because it is so contagious. We can come back and talk about that. I've actually worked on pen-tapping.  the thing that pricks the credit bubble and maybe that's part of the lens I was looking through because I was worried that there would be  because it's so contagious. And by the way, I did post on my Twitter account a couple of days ago, there's a prospectus from the World Bank's pandemic bond, which is the most recent one. The ones I worked on paid off a long time ago and they didn't trigger, but this World Bank pandemic bond did trigger. If you're interested in the history, you should go take a look at that because that's based on hard math, it's actuarial science and a lot of study of exactly what happened in the world.  It went all throughout the world. It was extremely contagious. In fact, it looks like this coronavirus we're facing now is even more contagious than that was. But luckily the death rate from the coronavirus is a lot lower than in the 25 to 45 year old age group. This one is not, this one is disproportionately hitting the elderly. So I went off topic and completely forgot the question you asked me. Sorry about that. But I just want to let folks know that you should  or more in some cases drops in restaurant visits. The airline industry is completely being decimated. They're losing hundreds of millions of dollars, cruise lines, hotels, Airbnb's, et cetera. And that slow trickle across the economy is not just on the consumer side, it also happens on the corporate side. And so in a world where everyone has been levering up with debt for years now, all of a sudden they get a slowdown in revenue and EBITDA in true cashflow,  we were in an incredible debt bubble, saw a blow off top. I was tweeting out yesterday, looking at the updating of Fed numbers in my own spreadsheet. We had a 10% increase in the total amount of debt outstanding in just the last two years in the United States. That's a huge acceleration and increase in debt. We certainly didn't grow GDP 10% over the last two years. Let's put it that way. So we just leveraged in a drunken stupor.  It killed several hundred million people in the world, but it burned itself out in 15 months. This too shall pass. The bigger issue is exactly what you talk about, which is that there are a lot of leveraged businesses who were not set up to withstand a shock like this. And it turns out with the debt bubble that we've had in the US economy, that the US economy is actually really vulnerable to this. And as I was tweeting out back in January after reading Doug's post, I'm worried about China's economy.  But you also have to have heavily leveraged as well. So what's interesting is that it really is global with the exception of a company Ever up they might have wanted to if they had access to the financial system, but ironically, you know, they're coming into the coronavirus with stronger balance sheets and as a result I think they'll bounce back quicker because they just don't have all these debt defaults that that are  and it kind of balloons.  banks rely upon in order to fund themselves. And we saw in 2008 the repo market totally seized up and then the banks needed to do it. And the thing that shocked me was that when the Fed did its stress tests for the big banks, it said everybody passed and allowed them to go start buying back stock. Well, boy, does that in history look like it was  So many times why would they dilute their own equity? They should you know, they'll just wait for for for either the Fed to bail them out indirectly or in the case of 2008 the US government directly bailed them out by investing in them and A skeptic in me says maybe that's what they were thinking. I don't know Needless to say the banks are way too leveraged. That was a very contrarian view I remember a lot of people calling me nuts for saying that but but I was watching  And now that said, if the banks are over leveraged, what does that mean? It means the economy is over leveraged, plain and simple. We'd like to blame the banks, but the banks are just the financial industry is just a pass through of debt to the real economy. When I talked about the 10% increase in debt in the last two years between 2017 and 2019, that was households, businesses and government. And just to be clear that I'm not being political here,  really for the last 50 years. This is just to be clear, I'm talking a lot about 2008, but we've had so many attempts by the free market to assert itself. It was 1968. We did have one year during the financial crisis during which we saved more than we borrowed. But every other year since then, we've borrowed more than we saved. What does that mean? It means that we're consuming more than we produced. It's pretty simple. And so if you go back  Savings within the United States, so we were what I would call an equity finance economy We were not borrowing against our future in order to consume more today, and we started doing exactly that in 1968. That's when the guns and butter Programs so to speak were were were taking effect And so a lot of people point to 1971 as the problem. I actually point to 1968 That's the year in which we started really outliving our means and every year since  It used to be one order. Now it's both. Now neither one of them seems to be working very well. The quantity of stimulus we're having to throw at this most recent crisis is staggering because the size of the bubble is that much more staggering because we've had so much debt issued that's nonproductive, especially in the last decade, even especially the last two years. What I would say to those folks is you got lucky. The ones who think that debt is not a good thing.  1968 and you know unfortunately If you look at the balance sheet in the United States right now, it's it's kind of an ugly situation we have eighty three point three trillion of Non-financial sector debt outstanding again, that's the that's households Businesses and governments together. I would also add the feds balance sheet is is should be added to that as well So we're really north of eighty seven trillion of debt and I looked it up last night the net wealth  took 20 trillion of value off financial assets last week, you do the math. This is why people I think are not irrational to be nervous about the situation and start questioning whether the things they've been taught are really right. Yeah, so you bring up a great point about this idea of kind of the net debt, right? I always think of it as just your local, your family household, is if you save more than you spend,  It's a little bit harder to kind of catch up. So it feels like you're always kind of falling farther and farther behind. Where do we, what is the point at which either the debt can't be paid back? There's some other solution. Maybe there's not a solution that you need a massive correction. Like how do you think about where this all ends? Whether that happens, you know, in 2020 or in 2050, whenever it actually happens, don't worry about the timing, but like what is that end point that this all kind of is  Okay Linda we lose you.  Oh, Caitlin said she's gonna join us right back here in a second. She just had a power glitch, I think. So let's just give her a second and she should be getting right back in. See what happens.  and let's see what we can do here. Okay, no problem. Let's try it.  Yeah, sorry about that. You know what actually I can tell my connections not very good because I'm just I'm tethering on on my phone so while the power is out I don't have I don't have my good Wi-Fi so What I don't have video why don't I close turn the video off hopefully everybody? Yeah, that'll that'll allow us to have less interference is that okay pump Let's do it. Yeah, that's that's perfectly fine So what let's um let's just jump right back  Caitlin? Caitlin? OK. Can you hear me? OK, cool. I'm just going to talk. Oh, it looks like the power just came back on. So chaos here a little bit. I don't know what's going on. Anyway, I just forgot where we were. Sorry about that.  Caitlin, just go ahead, if you can hear us, and just go ahead and talk about the repo market.  But if you guys want, I think that after this, we're going to try to answer some questions as well on Twitter. So if you run over there and just tag Caitlin and I, your questions, as we get done recording, we will go ahead and try to do our best to answer as many of them as we can. She is resetting all of her internet and connections. So hopefully we can get her on here shortly.  what you've seen and kind of why that's important for people to continue paying attention to. Yeah, well, as I mentioned, the repo market is essentially how the big banks fund themselves. When we had traditional banks, it was literally yours and my deposits at our corner bank that funded the banks. And then of course, the monetary base when the Fed either expanded or reduced its balance sheet respectively would add or reduce  They're just posting securities as collateral for financing typically overnight but you've noticed that the fed has started to actually expand to what's called term repo, which is something over And then you know longer than overnight loans But there's an enormous amount of leverage in the repo market there's a mainstream economist whose work I have tremendous respect for who's been doing a lot of work on just how leverage  Basically, what he called collateral velocity, which is how much collateral there is that the big banks can use to fund themselves and then reuse and reuse and reuse and reuse that collateral is reused three times at year-end, down from four times before the financial crisis. So we have deleverage since the financial crisis, but there's still a tremendous amount of leverage. And again, these are the year-end numbers.  or shadow banking system, that's all different terms for the same thing, which is basically, it's secured financing where people are posting security as collateral for secured loans. And that's the way those firms finance themselves. And so when you get a run on the shadow system,