 All right guys, I'm here with John McAfee who all the way down to Exuma to do an interview. Thank you very much for having me come. Oh, thanks man. What's in after, guys?  Okay. And then what did you do after NASA? Just fucked around. Alright, well you eventually ended up at Lockheed Martin. Alright, and when you ended up at Lockheed Martin, the brain virus, right, they basically sent that to you and said, hey, figure out how to stop this? Well, no. We're going to black program.  All right, and so what was the genesis of the idea for McAfee, the antivirus software?  That's my first month. You made $11 million your first month. You realize that's incredible, right? Especially, what is this, like late 80s? $11 million in late 80s is a lot more than $11 million today. All right, so you did that. And then you sold your stake in the company pretty early, right? Like before it became as big as it is today, why don't you do that? I was bored. You were bored? I was bored. All right. I enjoyed doing technical stuff. I ended up doing  Okay  All right, and so as you're going through the internet boom you eventually start making a bunch of investments in real estate, right? Well, so what's what's really really anyway, all right, so that's why I came all the way here to hear from you  Okay, and then but you also did non tech investing that was only just Okay, a bunch of really cool houses Like a stone plank on dry this block which he poured concrete. Yep. I had it carved and carved and a sandstone and built a 50,000 square  2011 and do you remember what that first like this may send you some Bitcoin or a guy named Jim Zoromski good for me two or three different companies work for me, okay? So 2011 somebody who works for you basically said hey I'm mining crypto Yeah, but he had in the past we said I'm going to believe  Okay. Okay. Okay. And so  Sweet, nice, good. I just make the reception of the woman. Born in a town, however. Nice guy. So you're talking about Gee, how we would see you a bit, right? Yeah. And so what was the first thing eventually you did in crypto? Because you're known as a huge crypto bull. So you see the future early, 2011, 2012. What was the best investment you made? You bought a million dollars in Monero. Wow. Why Monero first? Privacy. Privacy.  transaction forever. Okay, so I agree with you that there are certain downsides to that, right? So when you first started with the security software, right, before the internet was really popular, there was a huge debate around encryption. And eventually, the proponents of encryption  Okay, so you think that you think that what Bitcoin becomes a future gold standard the global reserve yes Right and there are other coins that have very specific privacy features that are there for a reason. Yeah Follow Say thanks, there's a great point. All right. It's not pleasant Apollo safe X Monero  So  You don't think the government's here? They can trace it, but do you think it threatens anything that they're doing? Like do you think they can threaten by? Okay, what's that? You think that privacy and distributed exchanges are more of a threat than Bitcoin is to those?  One of the things that is possible is that these decentralized exchanges become the dominant way that people exchange privacy points. What's the government's response to that? Or do they just not have one?  I get thousands of day. You will have to promote and look at. I get him pronounced some of the day. So just so many requests for the. Yeah. Someone was so good. Like say thanks. Yep. And it's just going to be, Hey God, take a look at this. If we're all using it, it'd be fantastic. Got it. And then we don't want to do that.  280 character fleet. You realize that's crazy, right? No. No. I've been sweet a hundred times. How many times? About 200. 200? A lot of years. A lot of years. That's probably true. In many cases, that's definitely true. Right? So I'm not crazy. No, no, no, you're not. But the fact that people are willing to pay that much money, right, means you have a lot of influence. Okay, my most expensive lawsuit was a wrongful death involving my death.  do they want? Why are they soon? For the wrongful death. My nephew took off in an airplane. On the runway. And then the airplane. Wrongful death. Just like this last fall, 25 minutes. Yeah. So they're just coming after you. That's crazy. Yeah. What was the response to the promotional tweet? Do you think people liked it? They loved it. They loved it.  You know, if it were all, he's getting paid for this. Well, maybe, maybe not. I promise you, I'm not promoting him. Because I surely believe that this is the thing. And I'll tell you when you go, hey, this is the problem. I'm telling you, listen, gaming got a great concept. If you need one, I'm charging headphones. Guys, so basically, you're only promoting things that you fully believe in. And then you say to them, hey, I'll promote it only if I believe in anything else. I'll show you how to do this. I get 10 to 20 requests per day.  What's the playbook to beat Donald Trump? What does a candidate need to do to win to be president today?  I just think that's true in every country though. No, you think there's some countries where they're not actually spying on all of these people. Absolutely. Yeah. What country would you say is the best when it comes to privacy and non-fidelity? Poland. Poland. Yeah. It's pretty, it's pretty.  of the infant. We are scared of the bunch of lies that are co-elected and polished by the CIA, checked off by the NSA, and every Monday when Trump says, I do the murder of the police, it checks off my hair. What is, forget all the numbers and forget all of that stuff. Just if you think about immigration in general, should the US have open borders, closed borders? What should be, what should the approach be at your point? What would you set the standard on?  Okay. Here's something.  Those that wanted to collect not not being here. I knew how this was happening However, the joke is you're first For years if you touch anything, I ain't that's a finesse at that value. No, he's before I'm not stupid up 73 for a reason entire world to try to kill me 48 years All right, let's go back to the political stuff what about  The rest of your fucking life and you compete for that You want you want to be a higher level slave? No Me this is your life And instead of looking at your life, you won't ask me about financing regulations on Wall Street, but Nothing  to say, John, don't talk that we don't drink that booze. You're not sure that that Aaron and for God's sake, whatever that lack in China just sent you and you're the first person to take it. It's my body is my mind, but I put it into both. Nothing can ever change that. Think about it. All the laws in the world, when America passed the, the, the, made alcohol illegal,  your whole thing here is should trump everything e is it a lot of people who are so let me assi agree that personal freid But what do you think to t say the things that you d do, they affect other peo go and you take a bunch o you're driving and you run you do something crazy. S right? Where's the line in  What might happen? Influence any fucking decision you ever made. Please God, please God. Know what might be. Could be anything. What is is the fact that you have control of your body. Could you choose to use that body to shoot somebody or to love somebody to sleep, to take drugs. We can't control the entire  three times. The spy's been stabbed in the eye and shot three times. The spy can promise you, poor Adam, life is not safe. I can promise you, or me, my life is far less safe than spy's and I think he will agree. Life is not safe. If you try to make it safe, you kill it. You kill that energy which invigorates and creates joy, bliss, mystery.  What do you do with space travel? First and foremost, if I'm president, I'm in an alternate universe. I can't tell you. No, I'm not here to be president. I'm here.