 All right, guys, bang, bang. I'm here with James, who is going to teach us everything we need to know about COVID-19 and potential vaccines and cures. Before we kind of jump into this conversation, I just want to kind of caution everybody. We're recording this remotely. Normally, we do everything in person.  is in medicine. So I graduated from medical school at Columbia University in New York back in 2014 and then went on to do ophthalmology residencies, so residency in eye surgery and graduated from that in 2018. I also studied epidemiology during college, during medical school and did some research in that as well, which kind of gave me another perspective, I think, on coronavirus and this epidemic, pandemic. Parallel to that background and most people on Twitter and in this whole universe know me is for Cryptocurrency  2017 gave me the ability to actually step away from clinical medicine. So in 2018, after I finished residency, I stepped away from clinical medicine entirely to focus on cryptocurrency investments in this space. Ironically, it's cryptocurrency that kind of got me back into the medicine space again now with coronavirus. So I guess quick aside, so Bloktown Capital is kind of what I've been focusing attention on lately. That's our GP only fund.  a really good chance it w when it started to see it in past couple weeks, it's just like every single day, t that is surprising to a lo start with kind of Covid 19 I think everyone at this about it. Most people ar staying at home and stay  it's it's my when it spre And so what you have to l So that means for each peo how many people will that one if it's more than one an the potential to turn into a pandemic has now more people recovery. Coronavirus did, my attention, which is m from the seasonal flu, l an R not above one. But th  about Bitcoin, don't talk about this, what do you know about that? And one of the things people kept saying is, how is this different from the flu? This is no different from the flu. And it was that, or actually, so not only from the flu, but the second thing is, people felt like they were being tricked again by the media in the sense that SARS was supposed to be this big outbreak that didn't really seem to amount to much Ebola. But the differences with SARS, which is why it really  people. Um So I'd say thi than say Ebola or SARS. a more fatal element than t our bodies are not used t got it. And so before we get into what I'll call kind of the vaccine and cures component of this, um, a lot of what you just described, uh, your analysis, kind of those original alerts that you saw red flags, um, is all about data, right? And one of the questions I think a lot of people have  in the death number, just given that people are actually dying, it's pretty easy to confirm that, and you can either have tested them before or after death to see if they have this, but the actual number of infected, given the low amount of testing that's available, especially in the United States and in parts of Europe early on, how did you think through the accuracy of the data or kind of understand how bad is this or could we just be looking at bad data?  the worst flu of their life, but they recover. But those would all be people that lived and didn't die. So that still could be the case. I guess one thing though that pointed me to, guys, it kind of goes in the other direction of the mortality rate, is because this is a pandemic, the amount of cases was rapidly increasing. So back in January and early February in China, when it was still increasing, you actually had to compare the number of deaths to about the number of cases 10 days ago. Because right when you test positive or get it, you don't die.  So now that we understand kind of what this is and the fact that the infection rate and kind of the symptomatic versus asymptomatic are all reasons why this is more concerning. Let's walk through, why don't we already have either a vaccine or a cure for this? Like what's kind of the scientific explanation behind the lack of that stuff being available today? Sure. So you really, it's difficult to make a vaccine  disease. Um so that takes studying it and then com that realistically, we're n until mid 2021. Early 20 if we even in area, we c one regarding a cure for it hard to cure. So coronavir biology level, the singl So what this means is it  we can go to the vaccine. process that people will go and actually validate that something out there that It's a long process. So studies and cultures and t very small trials of 50 pa of keep rolling it up from cautious, very regulated w  to treat this and go throug steps, which we usually do. focusing on a treatment, p already widely available profile and something that people are so globally a this could actually cure symptoms or reduce the amo  is now you're talking about rolling this vaccine out to a large number of people. So if you're gonna all of a sudden start making like the flu vaccine where you're recommending just about everyone in America or in the world gets this vaccine, you don't wanna mess that up, right? Whereas a treatment, you can be like, okay, well, this person's already sick. We know that there is a 3% mortality rate. We know that this treatment has a very favorable side effect profile potentially. And so it's much easier to prove that as opposed to rolling out something that's in healthy people that we don't, you know, the side effect profile has been studied less.  until you could confirm it. And it sounds like a lot of that, similar to what you're saying, is revolves around just like, you can't go tell people this can save you from COVID-19, but oh, by the way, there's 20% chance it could kill you at the same time. Right, you've got to actually be safe from the human. Right, the first three in medicine do no harm, right? So you don't want to introduce them to something that's going to actually be more harmful than just maybe living up the course of the disease. Got it. OK.  of Korea about chloroquine being a potential treatment for coronavirus. And started doing a little bit more digging into that. There was some mechanisms of action that showed how hydroxychloroquine or hydroxychloroquine, I'm gonna kind of use them interchangeably, they're very similar drugs. I can talk about the differences in a little bit, but it has mechanisms to decrease viral replication in cells and actually eliminate that process entirely, at least in vitro. And they studied this in the SARS-CoV-2  Coroquine and high volume exports of this and we n in our own country to mak stop this. And then in Mar contact with pharmacies a the manufacturer of rizin and told us there's a n of it. And so all these th was like, you know, basall something big going on behind  I was actually already familiar with Coroquine on a clinical level because one of the main side effects is vision loss. It's very rare, but you can have vision loss from it. And so I've seen a lot of patients that were on it. And so I was able to add those elements to it and more of a clinical, I guess, impression of it. And again, that's because I was an ophthalmologist. So I saw this by some of those patients. And we released that paper and it got a ton of attention. It was retweeted by Elon Musk shortly thereafter and just kind of blew up from there.  infectious disease doctor and he's been studying this for a treatment for patients wi had very positive results. study just about 36 peop until the end, but it sho of hydroxy chloroquine plus So again, hydroxy chloroquine is actually has a safer side f it's kind of used more o  and cut through the red t allow physicians to make f and using this drug to tr positive patients. It's p seems like many of these their news from televis but it's human nature at t of this content that get  kind of suppresses the immune system in the way to keep the body from attacking itself. It also again has antiviral properties and anti-parasitic properties. So it's used as a prophylactic or treatment for malaria. It's very popular in Africa. Zithromycin is typically known as being an antibiotic. Usually prescribed for bacterial infections. But studies have shown that it has antiviral properties. So coronavirus is a virus, it's not a bacteria.  Got it. And then when you talk about those being used in unison, is this actually like a scientific mixture, right? Meaning that you're creating one single solution by combining these two, or is this two separate either shots or however they're actually administered, they're kept separate, but you basically take them at the same time. Correct. So in the French study, which is really the most data we have at this time on this combination therapy, it's two separate pills.  to be effective in treating this. We've got what I'll call kind of an initial early study that shows some encouraging results. We obviously don't have time to go through kind of the traditional process, but as you mentioned earlier, we want to make sure people are safe and actually can validate the efficacy of this. So like, what does that process look like or where do we go from here? So I think one of the, what I kind of alluded to earlier, one of the interesting things about hydroxychloroquine is so many things  their means, then there'll be, I think, a safe way to evaluate the efficacy of this drug very quickly, as opposed to doing a controlled trial where you're a placebo and all that. Got it. And so once we get past kind of those studies, so I think of studies maybe correctly or incorrectly as the way to gather data, where, like, what are the milestones or kind of the stamps of approval? Like, what does that look like? Is that  That's the if you want to call on label use. So that's you know, what the prescription is designed for. Let's say doctors also have the option though to use medicines off label, which means this is not the FDA approved indication for it, but doctors still have the ability to prescribe medications where they think appropriate or necessary in patients that it's not the the specific indication that the FDA approves. This is where things get interesting though because in America's medicine is fairly litigious.  is those physicians, those kind of, they're kind of becoming overwhelmed. You have patients all over. So it's not just a very rare case of something where you're looking for a physician that will treat this thing with this off label use. You have physicians everywhere that are kind of stuck in this thing where do I use a certain medication off label to treat all these coronavirus patients that are coming into my ward or do I give them IV fluids and hopefully get better? And that's, I think, the question that a lot of physicians  Yeah, it's really interesting to see a lot of kind of the bureaucracies and red tape in the healthcare system being almost broken down in this crisis, right? So everything from what you're talking about kind of the acceleration or approval process to the ability for a doctor to actually administer healthcare services to a patient in a different state, right? A lot of telemedicine stuff, et cetera. For those that aren't aware of how bureaucratic healthcare is,  and which ones are just vestiges of old bureaucracy that is maybe due to lobbyists or who knows.  they can flatten the curve, reduce the symptoms, reduce the fatality rate, or reduce the number of people that get infected. And that could bias time until maybe a vaccine's developed, or even until we have herd immunity and this thing in coronavirus just becomes almost like the flora of the seasonal flu and not really a big deal. The second path is the virus mutates a little bit. So almost like H1N1, where it was kind of thought of as a big deal, a higher fatality rate, and then it kind of mutated in a way where a lot of people got it, so it affected a lot of people.  is this have to do with the warmer weather coming in? And are we going to see a second wave come the fall? And that's what a lot of people compare this to the Spanish flu of 1918, where it had its first wave that kind of ended around June, July. And it wasn't until about October, November, the second wave came in. And that's the one that really wiped out a lot of people. And so that's something that you're going to be looking out for is if this does settle down, that's great. That's fantastic. But keeping a close eye  And it was awkward if you were to shake someone's hand or something. No, it's not. And if you actually just look at those stories coming out of Italy about the people living there, what that life is like, prepare for that, because that could easily be America in 10 days. And I think it's already getting very close to that. And so looking for stabilization of coronavirus, again, look at Italy. When those cases stop going up and stabilize, I think that's good news. And I think that there's hope for this stabilizing, at least over the summer. And then we'll have to revisit it in the fall.  could get infected, it g comes back and could re i is it true that the indiv once you have it, you ca or is it just too early t that's accurate or not. S how viruses work once you You can't get that really infection. Um, there can of it though. That's why multiple years. Not like  I'm inclined to think tha herd immunity is potenti infected, you won't get kind of the hope, but i at this point. Got it. And I've heard is basically w comes, it may kind of mi America, Latin America, could be mutations and th weather returns later th America, for example,  that there's enough water particles in the air, it'll stop the viral particles from kind of projecting when you talk or sneeze or cough. Got it. That's super interesting. OK. And then what do you think is kind of the, if you had a guess right now, what does this look like over the next kind of six to eight weeks? Do we flatten a curve two weeks from now and kind of start moving back towards everyday life?  a little bit, but then they recorded a record number of new cases yesterday and another record number it looks like today. So it's, we haven't had any, there's been no evidence this is slowing down really for Italy or Europe. And so that that's not good news for us right now either. Got it. And then what do you take in terms of China? I think today we're recording on Thursday, March 19th. It was yesterday or today they reported no new cases. So, you know, quote unquote zero new cases.  been doing a good job controlling this. And so it's possible. It's also possible in the kind of social infrastructure side of things. I think in China and South Korea, the social distancing is maybe a lot easier. Or if the government recommends it or imposes it, it's done much more effectively. Whereas in Italy and the US, a lot of people are like, well, screw that. I'm going to go kiss whoever's cheek I want. I'm going to go to the bars. And so I think that it really takes a little bit more  The other thing I just saw literally right before we started recording and again, so I'll caveat with I haven't had the time to look at the accuracy of it is Israel is actually implementing martial law So like actual true martial law where the government or the military is going to enforce people staying inside curfews You know all of this kind of non-essential traffic, etc And so I think that we're probably far away away from that, you know in the US for example  I wouldn't surprise me in the next two or three weeks. Which sounds crazy for Americans. Especially because a lot of Americans have guns. So it's a little bit of a different. Well, I was explaining to somebody the other day, if you would have said four or five weeks ago, hey, the stock market's going to go down 30%. There's the possibility of martial law, all these different things. People would have looked at you like you were nuts. And in a very short period of time, here we are. Yeah, exactly.  That's the best way to follow. I know he's quick. That's the way I talk about coronavirus updates. A lot of times it's the fact that I'm the Bitcoin cryptocurrency market. So that's where I talk about all my crypto insights as well. Awesome. Before I let you go, I got two questions that you could ask me. One favorite book or most important book you've ever read? What's the book I ever read? Gosh.  Believer or non-believer? I think there is life somewhere out there in another universe in some way. I think that's definitely possible. Just because the galaxy is so big or some other reason? I mean, with infinity, you have an infinite number of possibilities, right? So you can have an infinite combinations of matter that can form humans or people or animals or life.  first and middle name, but pretty much today if somebody calls me Anthony, it's usually followed up with by the way, can I call you pop or is that are we not like close enough yet? And I tell people that you can call me whatever you want. Just don't call me an asshole and we'll be good. It's Anthony, pop, whatever it all works for me. Alright man, well, it's great talking to you. Thanks for having me on the show. Yeah, thanks so much James. Appreciate it. Alright, have a good one.