 You've got a really unique view of the world I think because you spend about half the time Looking at us-based companies and then the other half the time looking in Asia and China specifically So we got a lot of talk about Yeah, big world. Let's start with just your background kind of what did you do before you were investing in crypto? Yeah, so I am I'm the managing and founding partner of dragonfly capital. We're a global crypto venture firm I'm based in San Francisco. My partners are based in Beijing and  like libertarians and finance people like that in Hong Kong. So I sort of got into the ecosystem there and I became the crypto guy. Then I moved to Angelus, which is where we first met each other, actually, and I was a partner there. Then I joined Bain Capital Ventures, which is the venture arm of the $100 billion AUM asset management firm. And I did a lot of seed investing and specifically sort of kick-started their crypto investing program and left that two years ago, started Dragonfly,  of them that diversified exposure around the world. Maybe about half of our investments end up being in tokens. Could be liquid, it could be illiquid, things like SAFs. We do a ton of DeFi protocols and smart contract platforms and money protocols. And then about half of the investments are in infrastructure, venture, very traditional venture investments. Many of those tend to be in Asia, in fact. Got it. And so maybe give us a breakdown of like what are some of those companies that you've actually invested in? And then I want to get into kind of  a whole bunch of other DeFi protocols like compound finance, DYDX, these are like money markets and decentralized derivative exchanges. We're investors in Ethereum and Bitcoin too, of course, as well as on the infrastructure side, we're in deals like a lot of US infrastructure like Arisex and Tagomi and Anchorage and a lot of their sort of equivalence in Asia, like a brokerage called Amber AI, which is growing like crazy. Whole lot of sort of exchanges  Basically if you're an internet company, you don't think about China, you don't think about Asia at all because the US market is so large, you have so many users here, that you really don't have to have a China strategy until you're at a 10 billion plus market cap. There's plenty of room to grow. In crypto, that's not true. Crypto, and this is actually sort of my origin story. When I was in the US, I really didn't like Bitcoin. I'm not sort of like an anti-fed guy. I think the US dollar is one of the greatest  the financial system is completely significantly lacking compared to the Western financial system. The largest groups of under-banked and unbanked are in Asia, China and India. But even people like middle class people and so forth and people that have smartphones, there's no credit system. It's very hard if you're an SMB to get credit. It's very hard for individuals to get credit. Of course, all of these currencies, they're often under capital credit.  how large it is. Is this institutions, is this retail, like where is that actually coming from? I hear you on hey the people need this but those numbers are just so large. Can it be all retail? I think it's primarily retail. Generally in China, institutions as a concept of invest, as a class of investor are more of a western phenomenon  buying EOS and are buying Bitcoin. There is actually a significant amount of the mining industry is probably institutions because it's a little harder to buy significant amounts of crypto, like 10 million plus amounts of Bitcoin in most Asian countries and in the US. So, you know, one reason why the hash rate is so large in China, it's like 65% of the entire hash rate is in China. It's actually not because energy costs are so low. It's because it's a way for institutions to get really significant amounts of coin.  It's very, very, I mean, look at Uber or Facebook. It's very, very hard for Westerners to penetrate China, less so India, but India is actually just, they just had a major Supreme Court ruling in India just yesterday. So it was sort of banned before that. But the other trend that's driving a lot of innovation to Asia is regulatory flexibility. The countries there are just much more flexible with what you can do with crypto. They sort of take a wait and see approach and sandbox approach as opposed to US regulators.  disparity continues to grow we will start to see an actual migration of Americans moving to Like Singapore Hong Kong that that would be that would be pretty unprecedented to be honest, but yeah, and so then walk me through Kind of you guys have a big focus on defy Where like what's the thesis there and kind of why are you guys so focused on that specific part of crypto? Yeah, I think defy  And then the other major applications of like internet of value is the entire financial system. So once you have money, you can make programmable money and you can make sort of smart contract platforms. And once you have smart contract platforms, you can do all sorts of things with value. You can do ICOs, which is sort of like fundraising. And you can do decentralized lending, which is like MakerDAO. And you can do decentralized lending that collateral, you could use assets as collateral to basically create an entire financial  to buy a house and you could take loans on it and you could use that to start a business or whatever you like. And so capital that's just sitting idle on your bed, very little of the money in the world is just sitting idle. Most of it has to be used to create a financial system of derivatives and lending that's 100 to 1,000 times larger than the actual base money supply or goals, you know, whatever, a collateral supply. And so I think that's what's happening with DeFi. DeFi is basically that happening in a fully decentralized way.  or get a loan with putting in ETH as collateral today is really powerful in many parts of the world. And so if we are able to onboard all of these, you know, quote unquote new users to a financial system, it happens to be this new financial system. To me, the most interesting part is the tertiary effects of that, right? If all of a sudden you have access to credit, they have access to all sorts of different financial services that have previously been available in the developed world, but not in many other regions.  We invented gold and other precious, I mean, not invented, but you know, we sort of did. We invented gold as a precious metal that became like a financial asset. And then we invented sort of a payment system that is on top of gold. And then in the 15th century, we invented like joint stock corporations and a way to sort of organize organizations and fundraise for them. And then we had stock exchanges and then we had massive derivatives markets. And it takes 4,000 years.  a decentralized central bank in one way. In another way, it's kind of like a decentralized pawn shop. But the most exciting things in a new technology innovation are when you get totally new use cases that are not even mirror images of what's, it's when you get cars instead of just horse and buggies or whatever that are a little faster. Let's go right at it. Eat this money. This is a meme that has become very popular  Ether specifically being used for certain mechanisms or you know products and features etc Let's just start with agree or disagree eth is money Well, I would say I think the sort of meme on Twitter is that eth would like to be money I don't think anything in crypto is money yet. I don't think Bitcoin is money. In fact, I think MakerDAO, DAI, the stablecoin is probably the closest thing to money and anything in crypto  at the same time, we're talking about, I think there's a billion dollars locked in DeFi, right? So let's call it somewhere in the hundreds of millions of dollars versus hundreds of billions of dollars for Bitcoin. I don't think anything's even close to Bitcoin, but I will say that I've got a strong opinion that's loosely held. So hopefully for your sake, you can convince me differently, but that's just kind of the way I think about it. It's like the market almost doesn't care about our opinions. And if you look at the data, the markets determined Bitcoin to be more of money  Cruz  is  I'm gonna guess 50% of people who are yelling and screaming on the internet didn't read the article Which is like a problem in society in general. That's not a crypto thing. That's just like politics social, you know culture all this kind of stuff but What I said in the article was the monetary policy of ETH Makes it no different than a fiat currency, right? Meaning that there's essentially groups of people who make decisions on the monetary  this group of people can make that decision and it could go up or down. It's not kind of pre-programmatically decided. In my opinion, makes it no different than a fiat currency. Agree, disagree, think I'm an idiot. Yeah, disagree. Disagree. The reason is because I was an idiot, so that's a start. I read the article too. I did read it and I didn't trash talk you on Twitter yet. No. So disagree because I think, you know, certainly Bitcoin is ahead in that it has the most decentralized and  Right and the monetary policy is a security of the network right and there's the biggest way that Bitcoin could fail today is if the when the Basically Bitcoin the Bitcoin is secured by two sort of cash flows the security of it by mining so the first is by block rewards and the second is by a small fee that everyone pays to miners when they make a transaction and A lot of the sort of simulations today of what happens  Yeah, but it gets progressively I mean as you get down to 3% 2% 1% where are we now two and a half or something? Yeah, yeah, I mean the lower it goes the sort of exponentially more difficult to get in fact We wrote my colleagues. We have like a fairly large research arm. We did an analysis of How this relates to D5 in fact if you have this issue? Where if the lending rate if basically the the risk-free rate of lending out Bitcoin  And they do understand that especially if they move to prove a stake and new alternative mechanisms The monetary policy has to be flexible for security reasons. I Mean what's gonna happen if Bitcoin even 20 30 years from now? Is like insecure and it doesn't it's like easy to attack I Will the will the sort of social consensus of scarcity and and the fixed monetary policy? Kill it. I don't know. I mean that'll be a major a major decision for the Bitcoin community  creating our own central banks here. The main innovation in crypto where anyone can create their central bank is, crypto is all about incentives. So the problem of central banking, the fundamental problem is there's two TART goals that the Fed, all Feds try to hit. One, reduce inflation to create a stable currency that increases economic output and so forth. But two, reduce unemployment. And those two things, and then also the third is  It's sort of inevitable, like we try to create these mechanisms of church and state to separate the central bank from the government and often they work for a few decades, but no currency has remained stable for more than 100 years. So these, basically this is an incentive problem. Like these three things conflict with each other all the time. And governments have every incentive to sacrifice inflation for deduce unemployment or to spend more money, especially in election years, right?  And then two is security. And that's cool. I think the trade off between, you know, we're incentive to increase security of the network in this cryptographic way. That's a much cooler trade off than we're incentivized to juice the economy whenever it's an election year. That's still a quantum leap ahead of all other fiat currencies. Yeah, so just so people understand, Ethereum is obviously the network. There's Ether, the asset, and the monetary policy of Ether is something called a  issues that I have is so fiat currencies I basically outlayed three things said there's no fixed supply There's an inflationary supply schedule and the monetary policy decisions are divided are decided by a group of people, right? So no fixed supply inflationary monetary schedule and the decision as to that rate is decided by a group of people if you look at ETH There's no fixed supply. It has an inflationary monetary supply or a schedule and it is decided by a group of people now when you  it is programmatically declining in time. Ethereum has done the exact same thing. So it's been disinflationary over time. But the difference is that Bitcoin is programmed to continue to be disinflationary. Ethereum could step in and say, hey, there's security concerns, and so therefore we are actually going to increase the rate rather than decrease it. And the third is that the monetary policy decisions are decided by a small group of individuals. The big difference between Bitcoin and Ethereum, for example, is that  through that framework as what's good, what's bad, and kind of what did I miss? No, I think it's good. I think the thing you're missing a little bit is that it's all a spectrum. There are people at the end of everything. It's turtles all the way down. So Bitcoin is clearly optimizing for being as little controlled by people as possible. This is like Nick Sabo, a mentor of smart contracts, has this concept of like there's dry and wet code.  That's possibly the case, probably. But Ethereum is optimizing for other things, which is that Ethereum is fast moving relatively. I mean, it's taken a long time for ETH 2.0 to come. But it's fast moving, it's dynamic, it's more, it's like, it's the other things that make something a good digital asset, money supply, like having built-in privacy or having scalability, whether at the layer one or layer two, having programmability, like being able to  is a requirement if you want to optimize for moving fast and being dynamic. So it's trade-offs, right? Clearly the market today values that the Bitcoin trade-off is the best. But actually, you and I, we're pretty sure the crypto ecosystem will be in the trillions in the next 10, whatever, how long it takes. So actually the market is really telling us that the real solution has not been found. There's something missing. You could kind of think of it as like five trillion  the market determines there's a 65% chance that Bitcoin is the winner. Right, out of all of the options today, there's a 65% chance that Bitcoin is the winner versus everybody else. Yeah, but I mean, that's not the real, it's like the real market size of crypto isn't what crypto is today. It's cool, like most people still think it's gold, right? Okay. Yeah, you know, like 90% of the people still think it's gold. Yep. So, it's called seven trillion or so. Yeah, yeah, right. So, but yeah, Bitcoin is in the lead, clearly. The market determines  is  in the Ethereum ecosystem is not ETH, it's actually DAI, right? And DAI is an ERC-20 token, you get through the whole thing, but it is fundamentally different. On top of that, what you're seeing is Teams work to bring Bitcoin and its monetary policy properties to Ethereum with TBTC, et cetera. And so, again, I go back, my opinion doesn't matter, your opinion doesn't matter, frankly, the market's opinion is what matters. And the market is determining  either collateral, either gold, gold is not money. You know, it's been many years since anyone's used gold as money. So, which is fine. Like the monitor don't tell Peter Schiff. Yeah. But again, like I like, I like the dollar. I like stability. I think the greatest crypto is about financial access, really. And the most wanted financial asset around the world is a dollar. I mean, you have these stats where like 90% or like some massive percent of all hundred dollar bills or all bills in general is outside the US.  And so what that means is the asset that collateralizes the stable coin is going to be very valuable to through sort of weird chicken and egg loop though and it just like gold is very valuable because it's the largest, you know, it's one of the largest stores in in central banks, you know on balance sheets So You know that the problem with Bitcoin and defy Is that it's not programmable so you can't have defy on Bitcoin you just  and  you have to sort of over collateralize and keep your with both Bitcoin and ETH. So that's kind of weird. Like why would you want to if you're using if you want to get a synthetic Bitcoin that probably means you don't really want to hold ETH. But you have to hold both for security reasons anyway. There's a cost to that. So clearly today that's sort of the ETH game which is can you be collateral for a financial system that is literally like a thousand to ten thousand times bigger than the base financial system. We know that from just looking at the you know the ratio of gold  money right in the principles that are around that but all of the infrastructure historically has been centralized infrastructure so this is when you see the the coin basis the block buys etc of the world right so kind of sound money surrounded by centralized infrastructure when you go to the Ethereum side what you get is decentralized infrastructure with an asset that has is Unproven to be sound money today right so kind of think of I think the ideal world here is how do we have sound money with decentralized  capabilities of DeFi to Bitcoin. Right. There's other teams that are working on other aspects of it. Do you think that the obstacles today to having sound money in Bitcoin with truly decentralized infrastructure around it are those technical challenges that can't be solved? Are those what I call time and attention, meaning that we haven't had enough teams working on them yet and just hasn't for a long enough to actually get these solutions? Or is there something else that has prevented us  than being a developer now. The languages were way more difficult to learn. They were like assembly code. The developer toolkit was way more difficult. It was so imaginably more difficult to create software and products in the early days of the internet when there was less tooling and libraries and so forth. And that's where we are with Bitcoin. And we haven't moved. So it's way easier to do it on Ethereum.  What's that old here? You pull out? She's sharp, but I think this is one of the key things right is and this is where The Bitcoin crowd heavily heavily disagrees with kind of the aetherium crowd. I think the Bitcoin crowd would argue all of that development and speed and experimentation etc are actually flaws not advantages around one specific perspective Money  the innovation experimentation, et cetera, that's all great, but it can't happen at the expense of screwing up that core base unit of account. Now, I think Ethereum, what ends up happening is the speed, the innovation, et cetera, that crowd actually looks at that as an advantage, right? So they say, look, you've got to move, you've got to innovate, you got to do all this kind of stuff. They're optimizing for two different things. And I think what ends up happening is if you wanted to compare ETH as money to Bitcoin as money, right, I think most people would  Ethereum