 You couldn't come on a better day. I mean, we have, I'm not going to call it global chaos going on, but I'll call it global uncertainty. And we've got the emergency rate cut in the US, 50 basis points yesterday. So thanks for coming. Yeah, it's good timing because I've been kind of slightly all over this. I feel like this is your Super Bowl. And now here you are. All right. So retweet first. Everyone who's on Twitter watching this, we're live streaming.  is I started in the finance industry back in 1990 straight into a recession Scrabble around to get a job couldn't get a job at an investment bank. I had a pretty shitty degree And so I got into a company called Dow Jones Tellarate which is an information provider and my first job was custom support teaching people No helping people that with a technical analysis product So I had to learn what technical analysis was because that's trained these guys I didn't know anything about them or about it So I started learning about technical analysis and realized  recession was coming in 2000 and I thought the better opportunity was to go to trade instead. So I went to the, I started the global macro fund for the biggest hedge fund firm in Europe at the time called GLG Partners. Got that recession, traded all that whole period and then decided to opt out of the rat race and retire to Spain back in 2005 where I started writing macroeconomic investment strategy research because I've been in the hedge fund and around the hedge fund industry for longer than most people. You know my entire career was speaking to the  most successful people in the world do when everyone else is running. Here's how these guys are navigating these markets and how they're profiting in many cases when this stuff happens. Yeah, because they actually counter to the narrative the really big money is to be made at cycle turning points and the most money of all is the down cycle. And the reason is because the up cycle can take 10 years like we just had and the down cycle usually comes in 18 months. So the compressed amount  like  how you're actually allocating your capital right now.  The bond market starts pricing in Fed cuts. So the Fed then do a cut on, I think it was January the 3rd. Everyone's still on holiday. But this guy comes into the office of this hedge fund outside London and he goes limit long according to his risk guidelines. Eurodollar futures expiring that year. Eurodollar futures are interest rate, three month interest rate futures. So he was betting that interest rates were going to get cut significantly. And he gets on a plane and he goes to his house in Mallorca.  that we got in September, October, November, the ship's exactly the same. In fact, both charts map each other perfectly. The most perfect map I've ever seen is now versus them. So his boss, one of the most famous hedge fund managers in the world, one of the best risk takers of all time, calls him in and goes, so you've given back a load of money. You've made more money than any other trader at the firm, but you've given back a lot. What do you want to do? And he said, I want to double up. Really?  returned in November, closed the trade, and retired. Do we know what the return was? He made, I believe, for himself, 200 million. 200 million. It's not a bad day. But again, I don't know quite the numbers and I won't mention his name because he's a private guy, but phenomenal. And that was one trade. One trade, add, close. That was it. When you look at that trade,  follow through. But this time it looked like the stars were aligned and the effect was going to cut. So I started that whole thing by May with the Eurodollar futures. And then by August I was pounding the table and screaming and shouting. I remember. And then basically kept it ever since. So we just went through a emergency 50 basis point rate cut. I saw a guy on television, I forget his name, yesterday literally saying in the next two weeks we could be at zero, which seems a little aggressive. Where do we go from  all of this signs that the Fed had gone too far, which was extraordinary because they barely raised rates, but that was the situation. So that was the slowdown, that was set. Then we had trade war. So trade war and tariffs, that was the kindling for the recession. So that's the recession we were going to get. And then the coronavirus comes and now we're going to get something entirely different. Where do you think we're going? If we're not getting a recession, what is it? You know the answer.  crisis chaser. Yeah the point being is it's about human behavior it's not about what's right what's wrong and it's not about how you should interpret if the numbers wrong nothing it's like when it comes to a crisis whether it was the Asian crisis whether it was the bomb market crisis in 94 the Asian crisis in 97 the dot-com bust or the banking crisis they're all human behavior and once you understand that humans are about to panic  today are X. That is not what you're doing. You have to extrapolate and you have to think of possible futures of which you don't know. There are no certainties, but it's extrapolating positive futures. When you see a path of events that seems much more probable than the market expects and you can see a clear understanding of how people are going to react to that, then you have something really meaty. With this situation, it was clear that the moment the virus spread outside China, it was clear that China had gone into  They just went into complete shutdown. Nobody go anywhere do anything. Yeah, so the idea is if you've got a really bad outbreak of a unknown virus You can either take the risk and have mass death Even with a death rate the WHO today says three and a half percent So with a population size of China's and it's an aging population and it affects old people more That is too much for the government to deal with And you you have unknowns because you don't know the death rates at that point  for two weeks and up to 27 days. So we can all have it here and we have no symptoms and we're spreading it around and we don't know. Right. That is like a nuclear fucking warhead, right? You have no idea. You have one of the fastest spreading viruses we know of. And it's undetectable. And it has a high death rate, even though people say, oh, it's not a very high death rate when you actually impute the numbers that it's a staggering number of people that could die. The numbers that I looked at this morning, basically,  It's the fact that when you pute the numbers that it spreads fast in Spanish flu But let's assume it reached the same number of people as the Spanish flu Let's assume nobody quarantines countries like China, which was the right thing to do then Spanish flu hit 27% of the entire world's population and at the time that meant 500 million people were infected and In the end About 30 million people died. Okay, if you look at 27% of population now, it's about 2 billion people  Also, old populations who get a virus. I mean the death rate of people who go into hospital is huge in this virus and there's a large number of people who have to go into hospital. We have no ability to deal with this in the medical system. So they have no choice but to start quarantining nations or at least large regions. Which has a ridiculous economic impact in terms of the slowdown. Talk a little bit about the numbers that came out of China that you saw. Well, I mean China car sales fell 92% and this month they're down 80%  is next, it was South Korea. South Korea is a great medical system and they were on top of it fast. They're slowing the rate of the virus, but they've still got thousands of people affected and the death rate is climbing and it's not gonna go. And then it spread regionally, but then the next big cluster was Italy. Italy exploded and it's still going because there's still, I mean, there's bloody flights every 10 minutes from Malpensa. I mean, are you crazy? It's now exploding in Spain, France,  We have to do who we need to quarantine. The US, up until last Friday, had tested 500 people. And they had only tested people that had come from China or Japan or a country that had the virus. And I think this is where we get Washington State. There was the outbreak and kind of a whole group of people have now tested positive. They all are circulating. Either they worked at or patients at or I guess live at this nursing home.  a  to get the narrative that far, that fast to get people to understand the seriousness of it. Because in the US, people don't even understand this. They're still going, it's the flu. No, it's not the flu. The size of it and the speed at which it spreads and the incremental increase in deaths worldwide is not something a government will take. So they're going to have to close large parts of the economy. And people, nobody's going to fly. I mean, this will be the last fly I take because the fly I go back to the Cayman Islands.  because I do not see a world in which there is not an outcome that they have to shut down whole parts of economies. Whether that's travel, tourism, conferences, businesses, all of this stuff. We're already seeing it. It's already starting to happen. We're seeing conferences get cancelled. We're seeing obvious slowdowns in travel and tourism. So wait when they quarantine people at home. It's not long before you guys are going to be at home doing this, self-quarantined. It's going to happen because  is a much larger event and I think potentially my base case is becoming and we have to see over the next four weeks my base case is coming that this will be the worst economic event of our lifetimes. So this is much larger than 2008. So let's hold that as the highest probability outcome. Yeah. Let's switch to what the hell do people do if you're right right if that actually occurs. Well at what level are we talking now are we talking personally investment  There's going to be a lot of job losses Just because companies will not be able to afford to this government's gonna have to try and support companies. They're doing that in China There is going to be so you've got a Significant chance of job losses. That's the main thing you have a significant chance of medical medical expenses in the United States Which is a big problem with the system here So it is an economic event for most households and a significant economic event are you ready  to have some cash because just make sure you've got the availability to deal with this. And maybe I'm wrong. What have you lost? Nothing. But what are you? What are you? You're more prepared. So that's and you know and I've been and it won't be many of the viewers or listeners to this. But if you are approaching retirement I've again at Real Vision we've done this screamed and shouted about the allocation people have in their pensions. They are taking too much risk hoping  done very well there. We've seen Treasury yields go to very low levels. Walk us through kind of your current view of the bonds and in light of the Treasury yield movement. Yes, I have been hoping for a sharp pullback. There will be a point where you get this gut check that usually happens in the middle of these. And again, this is from experience of trading these. You get a movement against two day because the central banks announced something and everyone thinks it's going to be safe. You have to look through that and say,  I'll pay 2% all day to have my money back. People don't understand the value of getting your money back versus the interest rate. And it's the value of getting your money back that's so important. So I think bonds will go negative. They're negative all around the world and have been for years now. And that hasn't blown up. It's a death of the banking system over time, but it's not an incident nuke button. Is it fair to say that you look at bonds in this kind of depressionary type environment?  makes all his money from euro dollars and bonds because they have such skewed risk reward. Also equities move around around human behavior. There's no anchoring to equities. That's why valuations go up and down. Euro dollar futures are anchored by the interest rate. Yeah, they can move a little bit away from where the Fed funds rate is or whatever. So basically they have to reflect economic truths. One way or the other they can get a bit of head of the truth or behind they can get it wrong, get it right.  think of euro dollars. And I've spent the best part of the year trying to educate people about bonds because the narrative driven by the investment industry is bonds bad, equities good. And it's wrong. Because when you look at in price appreciation terms, bonds are pretty much outperformed equities over the long run for a very long time now. Because in price appreciation terms, they're so phenomenal. But the little  that you have, taking profits, doubling up, just kind of what's directly you're correct. Yes, I doubled up and went kind of max limit long. And that's also the advice that I gave to, you know, in Global Macro Investor, which is the kind of hiring research service and also in the kind of Real Vision Pro stuff. So I just said, listen, this is the time to take the maximum risk because I know the narrative and know where it's going. I've seen this before. Everyone's going to panic, be ahead of the panic and make money for it. So now we're in the middle of the  on Twitter now because you can see where the narrative is. The narrative is, oh my god, the Fed, they're idiots, they're cutting, how's this going to help? What they're not understanding is what the forward narrative is. The forward narrative is this is not recession, this is a potential depression. You have to do anything you can do to stop that happening. And secondly, if you understand that the US is about to start testing for coronavirus in larger numbers over the next four weeks, we're going to go from whatever we are today, 100 and something cases or 200 cases, and we're going to go to 200.  Although I do think that Trump made, and it's too early in the election, but to understand what's going on, we don't even know whether it's going to be Biden or Sanders or whatever, but Trump made a very bad error by... The political error was getting rid of half the CDC. Okay, fine, whatever, that's politics. When he had to stand up in front of the nation and say, we've got a problem like Boris Johnson just did, and I don't like Boris Johnson, but I was pretty impressed with him saying what he did.  And that was irresponsible because if we find out that in Six weeks time we've got 50,000 cases Then all hell is gonna break loose and Because of the freedom of travel that's still going on in the United States. It is not an not small probability Let's talk a little bit about the impact of coronavirus on kind of the corporate debt situation That's a great question. So one of the things that I saw in China  So there is a mechanism behind that that is very important for people to understand. So where does this debt come from? It comes from American companies issuing debt. Why are they issuing debt? They're issuing debt to buy back their own shares. It's an accounting trick. And to make it worse, they're issuing selves, the management team, stock options. Then at the board, they then say, right, and how many shares should we buy back today? Guess what? If you're removing the number of shares, your share price  And we don't have enough savings so they look for any yield they can so corporate debt has a bit more yield than government bonds And it's deemed safe, so we'll just buy as much of that as you can give us and That is being driven by all of these pensions didn't have enough returns over the last 40 50 years So they the states these state pensions the states have raised taxes and are putting the tax money Into these pensions and that tax money is it comes in every month out of people's wages buys these corporate bonds So you got this lovely environment?  buyers. And we've just had one of the biggest stock market bubbles of all time. Then on the other side, we've had the biggest credit bubble of all time. Corporations are now because of this ridiculous tax rule are now corporate debt to GDP is the highest it's ever been in history. And the issue is, is there is only one buyer of that credit, which is pension system, really, because even we yields are too low for half the insurance companies. But let's say it's insurance companies and these pension companies.  The world's largest buyer of equities leaves and there are no baby boomers buying equities. There's no millennials buying it. There's nobody to offset this. Would it be fair to say that the structure you just described? Hold on, let me finish the other side of the structure. The other side of the structure is tax receipts are driven by the business cycle. So when tax receipts go negative, when the business cycle goes negative, and therefore there's no buying in the state pensions of the corporate debt either. So what you have is at the very  and have to go and jump bond portfolios. Problem is, there's four trillion of these bonds. So the numbers are too big for the junk bond market to absorb. So the junk bond market will just basically seize up. And to accommodate it, yields will have to explode. When there's no buyer, I need to get that across. There is no buyer of this stuff. And there is no buyer of equity, which means that the share price of General Electric, Ford, and all of these triple B's get pummeled, which increases  and they're not leaving because they think it's gonna get a better situation. They've kind of made a lot of money and now seems to be a good time. Even to the point of seeing somebody like a barliger do it overnight, effective immediately. Right, this isn't a hey, I'm gonna leave in six months or in a year. This is I was gonna leave in a year or two, now I'm leaving today. Is that what it looks like? Is it that these executives understand the situation you're describing  guys  For the baby boomers the problem is is they can't buy the dip because they're retiring So you're going to let's say the average recession not really bad one average recession Lowest share price by about 40% maybe 50 well you're incentivized to sell Because you want to crystallize your losses and I've seen this firsthand from friends of mine and parents 2001 2008 The thing is oh shit protect my pool  years' time, well, somehow they're going to have to sell that equity to pay that entire settlement. And the more yields fall, I mean, let me just talk about this yet, but this yield fall from 2% to 1%, basically means you need twice as much money to live off the yield. As it goes to zero, you can never have enough money to live off yields, so you have to have capital gains. That completely screws up all pension calculations. Does this lead to the blow-up? Do we see pensions blow up in major ways? Listen, I've been talking about this for a long  the first one, your benefits may get cut later. We've seen it everywhere happen the same. So that promise is not real. So your dreams of retirement are not our dreams in terms of what you think. And nobody's got enough. The other reality is, is nobody has enough to retire on. The numbers will not work unless you're one of the 1%. Because if you look at the average, not the average, the median, because the average is so skewed by the ultra rich,  deal with that, but that's like 2008 and 2001, it's kind of a hybrid. When you put the coronavirus on top and you accelerate it all, and then you've got the pension issues with no pensioners being able to afford to retire and think what that does to GDP coming out of a recession, it never recovers. And nor does the stock market because there's no buyer. So we go into a very different world. Now, can we again extrapolate more concerning events to the financial system at the end of this?  The problem is, is when you go into a slowing economic cycle, the world trade is in dollars, world trade is currently negative, so therefore they don't have the dollars to either pay back their debts or service their debts. And that becomes a problem. So that tends to drive the dollar higher in periods of stress because there's too much money. There is also a European banking system that's starved of dollars. And because of regulatory issues,  actually runs on dollars and not euros. Euros are a big part of it, but the dollar is what you actually need. So if you then think of the other part of this equation is, okay, in a slowdown, stuff like the oil price falls. Well, oil is another bunch of economies that extract things out of the ground and get paid US dollars for them. You get less dollars. So you either have to pump more oil and what's the oil price fall, which is basically what the shale designs are doing right now. The Saudis did it in 2014 and the oil price went to  Well, if oil goes to, if oil falls 70%, you can't service your debts. So they incentivize you to sell more oil to get the fixed number of dollars in, which is what the shale guys are doing to try and pay their debts because they're about to blow up. And it's the panic reaction.