 With David, thanks so much for coming to do this. Thanks for having me. You're a busy man Good to be here. You are writing books and also the finance editor. You know what? I was the finance editor until about a week ago Okay, and then I got a new job at the Times which is I'm the business investigations editor at the Times now That sounds more important. Well, no, they're both important. It's more it's better suited to my Skill set that basically we're like maybe you'd be more comfortable in this role  But I kind of the formative years my career were at the journal writing with banking finance all sorts of shenanigans all over the world Why the interest in finance and banking like if you're a reporter there's a whole bunch of shit you can write about but like why is that so interesting? You know, it's funny. It it wasn't really I got into it I I had started covering politics out of college because I was fascinated by politics and that's kind of the most glamorous thing to do in journalism and It turned out for someone straight out of college like myself  to actually untangle that have real answers, which I found really satisfying. You can see reactions to your stories in the stock market. It's something that's tangible and real, and I really like that. And so what is the process for when you're looking at all these different stories you could go right about? How do you choose which ones end up being, I'm going to go spend a lot of time and really resources in pursuing this versus, that's interesting, but that's not a story for The New York Times or Wall Street Journal or wherever you're working. It just really depends.  You want to go over the stories that not only you think will have impact and resonate with readers but also things that in my case I was passionate about and cared about and found really interesting and there's there's nothing worse than working on a story you don't care about and and part B is boring and that's So if you the writer and reporter are not interested in the story that shows Very clearly to readers. No one's gonna read it. Yeah, so you've broken a ton of stories over the last couple of years  Which is that I have never edited created deleted ever touched anything on Wikipedia including my own page But there's someone created a Wikipedia page for me a long time ago and since then it's built into this very big and kind of unnecessarily and Unwarranted very detailed thing about my life including just some stuff. That's not true like I think it calls me an accomplished French horn player Yeah, so it literally says that you're I think experienced French horn player I think it's not experienced because I am you could you could argue that that is true  Like outside of my good at the French horn for a sixth person But but now it dominates your Wikipedia page really strange and the weird thing is it's not it's not true that I'm an accomplished for insurance, but it is true like how I got into the horn because of Peter and the wolf this is what can't even believe I'm talking about this but uh So someone who knows me has had been like I think they're probably just like playing a prank. I'm screwing with you Yeah, all right other pieces of Wikipedia are true about about you and one of them is when you were  think through the framework of like, should I do my job or should I go to jail?  to  and this was like not great timing for me personally because I think eight days previous my wife had had our first child and so I was like kind of controversial in the family that I was even at work and We had a low tolerance for me going to jail at that was it more controversial that you were at work or that you were being threatened to go to jail? It was just like it was like pretty bad timing overall for me My wife was not happy I was at work and was less happy that I was seriously  much greater legal rights enshrined in the Constitution. There's more protection of the press. Yeah. We can. The presumption in the United States is that the press we should err on the side of having a free press rather than err on the side of allowing the government or anyone else to kind of preemptively block the right of free speech. And I mean, that's one of the great things about being a journalist in the US. Yeah. And so as you're going through this, like you've got an eight day old child at home, your wife's not super thrilled you're at work and you get this  It wasn't a right to do it. We have a right to do it and it was in the public interest and in some ways the fact that government was fighting so hard to silence us made us. Yeah and it just you know we're journalists by nature kind of anti-authority and so yeah that encouraged us to publish as quickly as possible. After the fact I mean we had when I got that letter threatening jail and other penalties I mean that is a little bit of a scarier moment because our lawyers were like well  And I don't know what I would have done given the choice. I mean, I would like to say that I would have gone to jail to stick up for my rights, but like, you know, I had like, I was madly in love with my newborn son and like waging a like going to jail on principle in a situation like that when it's not a life and death situation. It's not like it wasn't a question of exposing or not exposing a source, for example, which I would have felt much more strongly about. This is a question of whether I stood up on principle for the right  a life and death issue. This is not even an issue. It wasn't an important wasn't a particularly important story. And again, I would have felt very strongly about it if there was a source on the line. So if they if I'd guaranteed I protect someone's anonymity and the government was trying to unmask that person, I think I would have I think I would still go to jail to protect that person's if I made a promise or the New York Times made a promise. I would like to think that I would like go to basically the end of the world to protect that because that's something that is  In reality, but there's a reporter Rachel Armstrong who writes a story that reveals the identity of a covert CIA operative Actually, this is the Valerie Valerie right situation And so if you haven't seen that movie, I highly suggest people go see it's pretty good but in that she does have a source that she Wants to protect and needs to protect and ultimately is thrown in jail, right? So to your point of like that's a little bit different situation than you were in but it's not without kind of the jail scenario playing out in some of these yeah, but I would  Right. I mean, that's it sounds kind of like a little bit self-indulgent and kind of precious, but it's really important I mean there's like and we'll talk about this in a bit I think but and for the book I just did on Deutsche Bank The only way I can write a book like that or write the stories like that I did for the times are based on people taking personal risks to talk to me and Those people for one reason or another end up believing that it's in their self-interest to talk to me But they're doing it based on this assumption that they can trust me and they trust  the same way. So it's not this is not and also like again thankfully we live in a country where our rights are pretty well established and generally pretty well taken care of. And I know I and I think all of my colleagues are grateful on a daily basis that that's the case and we hope and we'll fight to make it remain so. Yeah. So part of that is also like the media has this role in society. And another situation that you were involved in I think was people trying to protect  You know you're writing big stories when Rachel Maddow wants you to come on just to talk about the story.  Regularly appearing on opinionated shows like Maddow or Lawrence O'Donnell And some others as well was kind of risked that and I somehow got I think was my I was like had agreed without checking with anyone because that's what I do sometimes be some stupid and I had agreed to go on and then it got to back to people at the times and they said no no no you can't do that and that caused like a bit of a sting and yeah  Be impartial and report without fear or favor. We take that really seriously. We sometimes do it better than others but like everyone's kind of has the same goal the question is how do you achieve that goal best and Saying we're not gonna appear on like Maddow's show because of perception of political bias is it from my perspective it just really it's depriving us and the New York Times of access to this huge like millions of viewers and  They think that they should yeah balance as a journalist today just given kind of the social media driven world and all this stuff of like Being a person who just it's impossible for you me or anyone else to be 100% neutral unbiased Etc with the kind of job requirement of I need to write from that, you know without fear of without fear of that's like a New York Times saying going back a hundred and some yes, I like how do you balance that and how do you is it almost like  neither I nor my wife should contribute money to political causes or go at a march or a fundraiser or engage in any overt political activity. I'm not registered with any party personally. But look, everyone has their opinions and I think the ultimate test, we kind of know in our gut if we are betraying bias in a bad way, or at least I feel like I do. My judgment's probably not 100%, but like,  hard way over the years.  and making a point where I want to kind of feel good about standing up on a pedestal myself and just like preening for this like kind of circular audience, you know, like insular audience you're talking to. And it's just like, I don't know, I think there are battles worth having and battles that just make it seem like you're preaching to the choir and there's nothing to be gained from preaching to the choir. It's really interesting. A lot of people that have come on, kind of talked about media in general, they usually are not at New York Times, Wall Street Journal, et cetera. They're usually building kind of more of the New Age media  Every journalist wants to be a blogger now, right? And kind of the degradation of some of those things. But at the same time, there's people who will come on and literally say, the reason why the media still exists in the form factor it does is because all of those journalists have taken some of the best things that bloggers innovated on and incorporated them, but kept that framework of, you know, kind of not having prejudice, et cetera. Like, you sit inside one of those newsrooms. How do you guys think about it? I mean, I think there's, I think it's not like a monolithic  really popping up is with race. And I think there has been historically in white male dominated newsrooms of great reluctance to call racism racism. And I think that's one of those things that's starting to change. I think it's I think the younger generation and I'm kind of somewhere in the middle probably the younger generation is has just a very different vision of the appropriate role of objectivity in a newsroom. I think a lot of younger people view that increasingly as  is the reporter to just be a little more honest about where they're coming from sometimes and it allows you to embrace and be transparent about whatever personal biases you might bring to this and it's not necessarily about politics right it's a and I did a story of several months ago about this guy Val Brokesmith who is and one of the big whistleblowers in my book and there was I wrote that in the first person and Val has been like a very difficult source to me over the years and he's an on the record source I was free to write about it  And allows you to just be as trans even more transparent than normal with readers because look everyone has opinions and there's no getting away from that Yeah Before we get into the book because the book heavily relies on Trump and then all of his dealings etc What's it like being at the New York Times when he's firing away about the quote-unquote failing New York Times and kind of like actually attacking your employer and sometimes even your colleagues except you're like How do you like is it is it almost like a joke internally at this point? Or is it more of like?  it's become just that's par for the course. If you write something negative about Trump that's very prominent, you are not likely, but there's like a decent chance you're gonna get yelled at on Twitter and but to his 60 or 70 million Twitter followers and which is surreal and it's like a little nerve-wracking at times. I mean I think the bigger thing though is that it's I'm glad that the Times and other news organizations too are in such a position of strength  It's nice to work at a news organization that is succeeding. Yeah, so to do the book you did over 200 interviews Maybe just start with like what was the premise for doing this? And then also you didn't take book leave to go write the book you were doing your job and writing at the same time So maybe kind of just walk us through like how all this played out and how we get the book. Yeah It was very stupid  or even going after the story. Was it somebody just came to you? No, I mean, I've been obsessing about Deutsche Bank for a really unhealthy length of time. I moved to London with the Wall Street Journal back in 2010, and at the time the financial crisis was just ending, but the European financial crisis was just starting up. And there was Deutsche Bank, probably the biggest bank in Europe at the time, which had these just deep and tractable problems that everyone was talking about or whispering  and had been at the bank on and off for almost 20 years. He was kind of known as the conscience of the bank. He was like a good guy, a risk manager with a real solid ethical compass. He committed suicide in London. My colleagues and I started digging into the circumstances of that. It seemed we'd heard a lot of rumors about why he had done that. I ended up talking to Val Brooksman, his son, and went on this journey.  His dad had been using his Yahoo and Gmail accounts for enormous amount of work emails, which is obviously not normal Probably not allowed, but they can't really stop all yeah I think there is a little more complicated because he was on this outside oversight board of the bank and he had actually retired six months earlier and for one reason or another he had just Reams of emails and son just logged in. Yeah, son got his email his login information and started exploring and Val  2016, Trump got elected president and all of a sudden the Deutsche Bank story went from being one about a European bank that's in a lot of trouble and isn't well run and it became a story of how this random European bank had essentially helped elect the 45th president of the United States and at that point the story went from being something that was a business story to one that was an international, very hot international story and so I kind of started at that point thinking about all of  things that I didn't know. The thing that probably stands out the most is they helped finance the Nazis during World War II, including financing the building of Auschwitz. And like, is that they know that this is bad and they're still doing it? Or is it more of like, at the time, nobody knows that Nazis are bad? You know what I mean? Like, how do they? Some people definitely knew Nazis were bad. Well, what I'm saying, but how do they explain it away to themselves, or rationalize it, I guess? Well, I mean, the history here is that Deutsche Bank  kind of corporate sector. And so the Nazis come to power in the 30s and they, like other big German companies, very quickly became kind of the corporate wing of the Nazi Party. And in Deutsche Bank's case that meant everything from financing the construction of concentration camps like Auschwitz to financing the factory that manufactured poison gas for Auschwitz to taking over Jewish-run businesses all over Europe.  That's not a good thing Deep thoughts. Well, so there's a movie on Netflix called the resistance banker that I watched actually Keith for a voice I think was the one who told me to watch it and it's all about During the same time periods Basically citizens getting together and providing literally like underground financing to fight back against these people who power And so it sounds almost like in some sense. They were you know, basically counterbalancing  remained at the top of Deutsche Bank for a decade and a half afterwards and And look again in Deutsche Bank's defense. That's fucking crazy. Sorry. It is crazy History of this bank is if you look at the bank over the past century the bank has a criminal enterprise it it participated in the single worst criminal event of the 20th century which was the Holocaust and it didn't just participate it was a the Holocaust would have happened without Deutsche Bank, but Deutsche Bank allowed the Nazis to be much more efficient  that the bank was quote manipulating markets, violating international sanctions to aid terrorist regimes, scamming investors, tricking regulators, and laundering money for Russian oligarchs. And those are all different situations. And that's not, yeah, that's an incomplete list. Yeah. And so like as you're writing this book, it really is kind of a history of Deutsche Bank as much as it is some of the political stuff, et cetera. Like what are you thinking as you're uncovering  1988 so like people who are listening to this who are my age or older or I'm sorry or younger saying that stuff happened way before I was around like That's the way everything happened, you know before I was born versus like this stuff happened like five years ago ten years ago Yeah, this is stuff of most of this and not all that most of it is real and definitely very much in your adult life So this is bad shit that happened before still bad shit happening now. Yeah, I mean look it's all on there's like a spectrum of badness, right? I mean  the  in the book is not just have this be a litany of evil shit the bank has done, but I've tried to use, kind of construct a narrative around it that actually with human beings being the one that's making decisions as opposed to a faceless institution. So that's kind of one of the things that I care most about that people get out of this book, which is that yes, banks do bad things. Many companies do bad things, but this is not like a blameless just fact of life.  It sounds like all the way right up to the top especially in kind of the Nazi situation Literally war criminal. Yeah, but even but the Nazi situation. Let's put that aside bees that I mean again, that's yeah, that was awful. Yeah, but Even the last 10 years. Yeah, I think in some ways comparing everything to the Nazis makes the other stuff seem trivial by comparison because it is trivial by comparison but this stuff in the past 10 years or 20 years is not it's not like the CEO of the bank was saying Please commit like crimes, you know  because they, and then he wanted it to go up even more. And they did that too. And the way they did that was by just going, stepping on the gas and just maximizing short-term profits over and over again and just kicking tough decisions down the road, not investing in things like technology or, which sounds kind of technical and like not like that important, but Deutsche Bank to this day has hundreds of different computer systems that don't talk to each other. And so if you were to ask a simple question,