 I don't know. It's just a joke to light in the mood in the newsletter. All right. You've been here before for those who didn't listen to the first one because they're dumb. Start from real quick kind of two minute recap what you did pre coin pre becoming the Bitcoiners everywhere. I don't know. The voice of Bitcoiners everywhere is a little sup freaks. Sup freaks. Yeah. So I  had to follow Fed tea leaves in Central Bank and the world. And so early on in college I sort of found Bitcoin and was studying it and at the same time working at this fund having to write commentaries on why our fund was performing against market movements and so I had to know why currencies were moving the way they were which meant reading a lot of Fed policy and over the course of three years working at this fund I sort of realized that the Fed had no idea what it was doing. I was getting more down the Bitcoin rabbit hole  In Chicago and that was a summer 2014 and I moved up here to New York in Like late summer 2014 and I got a job at a software company learn about the back end of App development and stuff like that so learn the whole code stack behind the design and then after about two years there I Decided to quit because I thought I was gonna be able to get a job as a product manager, but apparently  up  and I videoed it on my phone and I just couldn't help myself. I was like, this is absurd. I tweeted it and I woke up the next day and I was like, man, I really like Brian. I'm like, oh. Take that victory lad. No, but like every once in a while now people will retweet it and they're just like, dude, $2.50 was a while ago. Yeah, what's it at now? Like 30 cents if that? I don't even know. Well, we're not gonna make this a XRP hate session. We're all friends on the internet today, kinda.  a person who's somebody who's a person non grata at parcel now my buddy Lewis was tweeting at Stuley's that they should be buying a theory and when I DM'd him like and this was when the theory and was like approaching $1,200 and I was like kindly like should meet up you shouldn't be pumping this stuff to the Stuley's especially like at this point in the bull market so we met up for some drinks just to talk about the space and he's infinitely fascinated by it and he convinced me to start the podcast and so  see  you what we think. Right? Like a lot of people tried that and then when they get the backlash, they kind of cave to it. They backtrack, they apologize, whatever. And like these guys just, they're like, look, no, this is what we believe. They lean into it, which works and has worked for them for some time. Then on top of that, again, we like to talk about time preference a lot in the Bitcoin world. Dave is somebody I think exemplifies a low time preference, handing out papers starting in 2014, slowly building the blog over time.  really  Like oh shit like these dudes have a lot of influence and if they position as like gambling This is gonna get bad real fast cuz like they got an army of people who are gonna do what they say to do And it was just kind of like oh shit. I mean that's why I was happy I Mean not saying that any influence on any of these. Yeah the bar still Employees, but I was happy to potentially be a voice of reason to break like alright guys  Yeah, my favorite thing That I've learned from barstool You don't even remember saying this to me But it's actually something you told me when you came to record the first podcast episode I think I asked you something like as you're leaving I was like, what'd you learn and you're just like show up every day. Yeah, and like It's always stuck in my head from uh, that's literally what that man did. He does for 14 15 years showed up every day and if you I think Erica Nardini the CEO gave  Watch that stuff come back every day day after day for years and then you get what they got today Yeah, now I mean I was I've been a stool Stuley since high school. So I was how do you? 28 okay, yeah, so I was in college the first time I like I was probably like a sophomore 31 Yeah, he had a they had Philly I'm from Philly and Philly the Philly Barstool Alpha that a really good writer. It's not there anymore tall Maurice Mo and I really liked his takes on Philly sports and the culture on  Which a lot of people take for granted these days and like we were saying a lot of media companies try to skirt that hardware quick clickbait and other stuff like that He also talked about like leaning in He understands like the trends more than I think people give them credit for my favorite is the recent hiring of Vin dog The mean Lord Vin 63 year old man who he literally just takes you go. Hey, we got a me more brewing over here. Are you ready? and like  Especially this traditional media sort of gets too bloated and monolithic to to move like a bar stool does like nobody could be as brash as barstool is because they have too much of a quote-unquote reputation that they're worried about tarnishing and Dave just takes it the complete opposite way and It's worked out for them. I mean yeah in the modern age of digital media barstool is obviously winning What's your favorite segment that they do across the whole company? I'm a big fan of the wonton die  does  Dave walks to work went away. That was an incredible one. That's another thing, that's the beauty of Dave that's interactive with the fans. That's something I try to do with our pocket, like sub freaks. What are you guys doing? Walk us through everything. You start with the newsletter. Start with you and the podcast. Yeah, that's about it. We have the newsletter, which is daily newsletter. Six days a week now. Oh, because you added Saturday.  Worked there. I had the mentality of I want to Bring a bar stool like voice to Bitcoin is it so hard to approach for a lot of people so I just try to make it more approachable For it with my family and friends in mind and then it's taken on a life of its own Obviously a lot of people are reading it now and then the podcast was the next iteration of that and it's people are like alright I like your writing. Let's just do a podcast. What's the process for coming up with what to write every morning? I write every morning and I I'm assuming we have the same process, but I want to hear yours first  Yeah, I mean obviously I try to give I attempt to bring a good perspective on everything every day and be As factual and educational as possible like I was I was happy with today's bent because it was more Technically focused and something you do do that more than most I think is that you? Whenever there's updates or I remember one like that was the inflation bug and like you're able to Not only explain the technical aspects of it, but also then pull in all these different like  and know who to follow and where the good information comes in. Again, go back to the Sovereign Individual, you have to create and filter your own news sources and find the signal yourself. It's not gonna be brought to you. You gotta really work hard for it. Over the last six, seven years, I've really been sort of filtering my information feeds and being here in New York, we're blessed to be able to go to meetups like BitDevs where you have some of the core developers showing up  You the one I think I was just before you hit us one time with like I like sitting in the shower I was hungover and there's no worse feeling than being hungover sitting in the shower Yeah, no, it's literally a final thought I think I'd taken a shower was before I read the bent that morning was like and so you just whatever you whatever thought you had just randomly Yeah, like this morning. It was like a big big shave day for me as I went and shit like trim my beard up And that was it because at some point you got to get it out and I don't I'm gonna final  People want it more than the newsletter and they wanted to hear from the people I was writing about directly and again being in New York that everybody comes through New York at some point or another and there's a lot of Bitcoiners here in New York so it was just easy having been gone to Bitdes and Meeting these developers and people working in the space It's pretty easy and she developed a light a level of trust just to be like hey you want to come on and discuss this stuff on air And so yeah that was  that here He's here in New York And yeah, I never I don't ever just want to put content out to put content out like I want to make sure it's has value and so like I got to a point where I thought like I was forcing interviews and Something like a weekly news show is something with Matt was something dependable where you keep putting content out and it's not forced. It's a it's actually got a legit Strategy and and sort of  And one of them was all around the zero hedge situation. So just like it happened zero hedge got banned There's a whole bunch of controversy around who led to that banning who? Participated why they got banned was it doxxing was it not all stuff? It's been a couple of weeks now like what's your thoughts now? Yeah, I mean I don't think we're fired up or less fired up I mean, that's a that's a thing like Time passes. There's it feels like you're powerless. There's nothing you do like I'm  very good content on their site, you just have to, again, you have to know how to filter it. And I think their banning is an example of free speech being attacked in the modern age. Again, going back to the onus is on the individual to filter information, in my opinion, these days. And to have Silicon Valley tech companies sort of dictating who they believe should be able to speak and not speak on their platforms, that just doesn't sit well with me.  I just need to speak up. It shouldn't take people with tens of thousands of followers on Twitter to speak up on behalf of other people, like individuals. I believe there is a silent majority out there who does feel the same way, that freedom of speech is being attacked and feel like they're powerless. I feel like more people need to speak up and demand that free speech be protected. And then you can roll that into privacy as well.  et cetera, that's been put into the quote unquote public sphere that some of it was done intentionally, right? You or I posted photos of ourselves five years ago on the internet and they're still out there somewhere. Some of it's unintentional. I have a photo with you from five years ago and I post it. You don't even know that I posted it, right? And so we can come find it, et cetera. That type of information being used for fish recognition and things like that. Like how do you think through the framework? It's inevitable, right? I mean,  That's what I say in the newsletter a lot. We are erecting the digital panapticon and being cattle herded into it while right now. It's just credit scores and Instagram feeding you ads based off of what you talk about with your wife But in a second they can flip the switch and just be used against you and one second You're getting fed ads the next year not being allowed to buy plane tickets because you said something uncouth Yeah, or you went outside. Yeah to another country and there's  to the stupid picture, right? Or you are friends with somebody.  is you have two competing forces. You've got probably people who, like you and I, who are more in the camp of we should protect freedoms and not go down that rabbit hole. And then you've got people who make an argument that the world would be better if we go into that. So when it comes to the privacy stuff, it's like, oh, we could stop crime if we have everyone's GPS on their phone and we know where they are. Well, yeah, okay, maybe.  which is my podcast.  Everyone's like faces. Yeah. Yeah that or and I believe they had like the x-rays that could like see through Crazy see through clothes like that got hacked as well at some point. I think so I'm not certain on that but point remains a lot of these companies and Government agencies that are forcing KYC on people are getting hacked and then you have people's date of birth Social Security number home address which freaks me the fuck out pictures  bank teller windows purposely fitted for Mexican drug lords  Trouble for it when they get caught there and just get slapped with a fine. It's the cost of doing business where you fucking Get caught selling a dime bag on the corner in Harlem and you're going to the fucking Rikers for years. It's fucked up Yeah, I one of the things that I think will definitely change over the next Five years or so is it's not only gonna see the decriminalization of all like the possession of small drugs and you know that kind of stuff It's gonna actually become like the social pressures  people towards you so weeds a schedule one narcotic like you can't use that for medicinal purposes it's becoming more commonplace now but for the longest time you couldn't and regulated opiates were pushed on the masses we have an opiate crisis in the country. Did you watch the Netflix documentary? Pharmacist yeah incredible right like when they showed the video so for those that don't know Netflix got a new documentary out called the pharmacist  did hard detective work and eventually found his child's killer brought him to justice and then like the rest of the documentaries he was a pharmacist and Open his eyes it opened his eyes and he he noticed a bunch of people coming in buying opiates from dr. Cleggett. Yeah, dr. Cleggett and he's watched the opiate crisis destroys community and the video that shocked me was when he so when you'd say hard detective where he's literally like in his car 2 a.m.  He was there to run security. Yeah, it's like what? I mean, that's a shining example of the two tiered system we're subjected to and That's why again, that's why I think more people need to speak up like this fucked up again people just put up with it and that's why I Decide to dedicate my life to writing and talking about Bitcoin because I think it is an imperative technology moving forward because it allows us to sort of rest control Of our sovereignty financial sovereignty particularly  But here's my whole point is like I don't know what's true. That's true, right? Like maybe he got hacked and The girlfriend's brother sold it for month. Like who knows? Yeah, but just the fact that the richest man in the world is even Possible I had a dick pic Jeff. Well, that's a whole other thing. I mean, come on, you got billions of dollars Let that let that flex for you Stop sending dick pics if you're doing it out there Happy to say I've never sent one of my life. I'm with you. It's probably cuz my weaner  It's the information age. We all have access to the same powerful technology, encryption based technology. It levels the playing field for this stuff. It doesn't matter how rich you are, how powerful you are. The internet has its ways to find it out. There's a bunch of people out there who are getting good at the internet and can bring you down pretty easily. So that's like a very targeted, I want to get Jeff Bezos, but the thing that scares the shit out of me.  We watch it and they're like, what the fuck? Right. And they're like, Hey, you hear me over there? And you're like, dude, you literally put a camera for somebody to hack into in your home and gave them a microphone to scare the shit out of them. Yeah. You've run it on wifi. They can do that. And then if you have like nests, they can literally fuck with the temperature of your house. Like the internet at some point, they'll be able to unlock your doors. Cause it'll be Bluetooth. Amazon's trying to get that to people with ring. They're trying to make it so you can like have, when you're not home, Amazon.  of years of evolution still react in certain ways and we'll take convenience over privacy and safety just because it's easier, right? So that's one thing we do need to focus on in this day and age is you really have to think about what you're seeding when you bring these technologies into your home. Like I have a little shield for my camera on my laptops, but like yeah, my laptop's gonna hear me. I don't have Alexa or Google Home, but I'm sure  But like so I draw the line at the smart speakers for sure so no Alexa Google homes any that anything else that you won't bring into your home Ring camera no rain. Yeah, no ring. I like I live in apartment building my neighbor has ring on his door I'm like what the fuck are you doing? We have cameras because Amazon needs to drop a package. That's what the front door is for like the doorman What else? That's that's off the top of my head. That's all I can think of yeah, yeah  There's dating a pinch is a dating app where it's like literally tracks you as you walk to work and tries to partner you with people who have a similar Commute that you do really yeah, I didn't know that yeah, I mean I'm not on it. This apparently that's what the kids are using one of the one of the things that kids are you on TikTok? God no, that's a care step. I want China I think China's taken all that data, and then it's making people do weird things like What like you think China's like secretly programming dance moves?  This like feedback loop that's a screen and it kind of reminds me of the like ready player one type You know like there's the the one world you go into the portal of a different world like we're basically there already Yeah, I mean I experienced this shit on Twitter I'd be lying to you if I didn't get dopamine hits from like some retweets and shit like that I Try to limit it to that and then it's double-edged shorties. I use Twitter as a networking Networking platform like the better LinkedIn better. I delete a LinkedIn LinkedIn  I'm an old white republic and you know just Say all kinds of crazy shit. So like my brothers and I basically had the interventionally hey man chill out And so he's on LinkedIn cuz you know he pretty much no one's gonna make the argument that he can't do business there, right? so My friends the new scheme is they will literally screenshot the his post he comments us and He rips people apart boss like those posts you're talking about  I was just like He's not wrong. Mr. Pompliano the LinkedIn troll. I love ya You can't post that in 2020 anymore if it was like 2018 I'm gonna come to the defense of your dad. We need more of him We probably LinkedIn we probably do that was having this conversation earlier today people are becoming more and more afraid to speak their minds Which is bad again going back to free speech people are self-censoring which Is not good. I don't think well here's my challenge. I said look two things one. Why the fuck are you friends with all my friends?  I