 Speed of light squared. So matter like this table is actually light, but it's frozen light, right? So and the same thing like what water is to ice energy is to matter. It's kind of the analogy, right? And Joseph Campbell is his famous American mythologist. He said he thought that energy and consciousness were the same thing. So I kind of think everything's conscious. Like the whole universe is alive. Just we're more alive or like a higher frequency of consciousness.  What worries or scares you about this transition I mean it's clearly it's major. So what do you see the people who can be best? Helped we'll miss it And the reason is Twofold one it is a parachute that is  Somebody who doesn't like adrenaline rushes to go jump out of a plane right and Until the planes crashing right all of a sudden everyone wants a parachute. Yeah, right so there's a little bit of that going on the second piece is We have done such a poor job not only the United States across the world of financial education that even people who understand even people who  than being wrong so if you're the person who Makes $50,000 a year you've got $20,000 in savings you've got You know bills you got to pay you got a family etc And you buy $10 worth of Bitcoin because you believe that's the future and you are right that $10 will have no impact and so again what ends up happening is  If you are an individual the likelihood that you can kind of line up multiple decisions, so I gotta do my work Or my own research. I got to understand what this is I then got to believe it is gonna be important and valuable I think I got to size it correctly my portfolio for the upside and the downside I got to have the intestinal fortitude courage persistence and frankly naivety to not be emotional and bias when the volatility happens and then at some point  him and Matt Odell got the right idea man. That is the meme by the way for Bitcoin. I just tend to think again you know I said over and over again on the podcast like people have to do their own research they have to understand there's a lot of risk in this but on the chance that any of this is correct we are talking about something that we can't comprehend today. That's right. Right and what I always describe to people is  this conversation. Who would have thought that 30 years ago? Nobody. And so it's just like we not only overestimate what we can do in one year and underestimate in 10, the Gates quote, but I actually think that over like a 20, 30 year period on day one, we can't even imagine, we couldn't even dream of what's possible for really, really innovative, disruptive technology. The question comes down to is Bitcoin going to be one of those or is Bitcoin going to go the way  is