 I have found the second person that makes an incredible argument and he happens to be sitting here with me. So thanks so much for coming to New York and doing this. Thanks, Pomp. Appreciate you having me. Are you ready? I'm ready. Now, before we get started and get into your background, there are a few people who come in here prepared. There is nobody who has ever come in here with, what do you got? You got 28 pages of notes. And as I read this, I think I learned more than I've learned in life.  actually didn't realize what Bitcoin was when I first saw it and Was drawn in more so by aetherium and the concept of smart contracts And so I started making heavy investments into the space late 16 early 17 Where my money went my mind followed and then as I studied space more and more closely I became more and more of a Bitcoin maximalist or rationalist and What was the thing that pulled you in with aetherium at first? What caught your eye? You know, it was the the light bulb moment was the realization  So maybe let's start there and we kind of work our way into like why Bitcoin actually matters. Perfect So yeah, I think It's easiest to start from the beginning and the realization that everything we say do or make Starts out as an idea like literally everything we touch think about it's an idea before it's anything right and The purpose of the world economy is to generate and share useful ideas through trade As we trade our ideas become better giving everything we say do or make  back into between when we go to trade.  it is simply the most tradable thing. So as people seek to satisfy their wants through trade, they steadily seek to trade their things for more tradable things to get closer to the thing they ultimately want, right? So as this dynamic unfolds, something necessarily becomes most tradable or more tradable than everything else, whether it's salt, cattle, or gold, and this most exchangeable thing is money. As societies advance historically,  where when you talk about these five superior monetary traits, durability, divisibility, portability, recognizability, and scarcity, just give us a quick one second on each one of those. What do those actually mean? Absolutely. So durability means it persists across time, so you know it won't physically deteriorate, which metal is really good at. Divisibility means it can be broken down and recombined into various amounts, so you can easily calculate and trade things. Also, which gold is good at.  So when you say that gold was co-opted by governments, what does that mean?  down when the debt load becomes unserviceable, which I would argue is happening in the world today. So when governments commandeered the market for money, it became unfree or centrally planned. So we moved away from a free market, which we'd call capitalism, to a centrally planned market, which is something more akin to socialism. So in this sense, free markets are natural organizing principles that encourage us to find better ways of doing things by making bets with one another. So as we can prove others wrong in the marketplace by finding and selling better ways  in society. All regulations and limitations on free market dynamics reduce their efficacy. The ultimate expression of regulation is a monopoly in which the free market in which all free market competition is suppressed through coercion or violence. And in the world today, the market for money is not a free market. It is forcibly dominated by banking cartels. And these are two things here. Right. The first, the free market dynamics is literally laws that prevent people from creating  at all because it's centrally planned and controlled. Okay. So in that sense, fiat currency pyramid schemes are monopolies, which as we learned in economics 101 come at a very heavy cost to society. Monopolies increase prices, they decrease innovation, and they reduce trade. So whereas free markets make mankind become more productive, which is an economic benefit, monopolies or unfree markets make mankind become less productive, which is anti-economic.  the entire Bitcoin argument minus the conclusion of Bitcoin is the answer. Yes, a lot of pro Bitcoin pieces without ever saying Bitcoin. So let's start with Ray and then we'll kind of get into the arguments, etc. But just so for people at home, that's essentially one of the main reasons why we wanted to do this because he's right there on the edge. He's there and he's long gold, which if you understand gold and you really understand the valuation fundamentals, then you should understand Bitcoin and its value.  that is subordinate shared with the entire firm at Bridgewater grading Ray a D for his performance at a meeting. So the idea is that everyone can review everyone candidly, you know, even up to and including the CEO. So this cultural style promotes the propagation of truth and minimizes office politics. And in this spirit, I decided to write an open letter to Ray Dalio regarding Bitcoin to review his assessment of Bitcoin. So  There are some potential use cases for it perhaps but none of them are market proven or as Bitcoin is More it is being market proven in real time and it is the hardest monetary technology in history So I don't think you can be long blockchain and short Bitcoin. It just makes no sense It's kind of like saying hey, I like the internet, but the largest internet company. I'm not into that one 100% Yeah, I like the internet but not HTTP or some analogy like that. But So that was the first critique Secondly, and this one's a bit  So this is probably one of the most important things for those that either are just learning about Bitcoin or are trying to understand why Bitcoin is different than everything else so really explain what exactly you mean here absolutely so for instance So for path dependence, we'll start with that path dependence entails that the sequence of events matters as much as the events themselves For instance you get a dramatically different result if you shower then dry yourself off versus if you dry yourself off  banking cartels or even nation states. Path dependence protects Bitcoin from disruption as the organic sequence of events which led to its release and assimilation into the marketplace cannot be replicated. Further, Bitcoin's money supply is absolutely scarce, a totally unique and one-time discovery for money. Consider that if this new Bitcoin was released with an absolutely scarce money supply, that its holders would be incentivized to hold the money with the greatest liquidity,  So  Split in half anymore. Absolutely and it goes to zero. It's basically exponential decay that approaches zero So I think today before the may having were like 1800 Bitcoin produced per day To give you an idea how quickly this contracts by the year 2100. I think we're below one I Just sent a tweet about that, but it just contracts very quickly so mankind You know our biggest weakness is our inability to understand exponential growth or decay. So this is it's a really big deal  The discovery of zero is special as it represents absolute nothingness. Its role as a placeholder gives our numerical system its power to scale and cycle through other numbers, giving them different meanings depending on its location. Consider the difference between 20 and 20 million. Each zero represents another order of magnitude of the integer two. Similarly, the discovery of absolute scarce money is special.  comparative Bitcoin. Absolutely. So since its supply increased the most slowly and predictably, gold was favored for pricing things and became the dominant money on the free market. The absolute scarcity of Bitcoin makes it the ultimate pricing mechanism for the ceaseless changes in human productivity, enabling societies to more effectively communicate their preferences through trade, store their wealth securely, and cooperate and compete at scale. So when it comes to gold, there's two components that you just described.  and also it is verifiably true what that supply is at all times with an incredible amount of accuracy. Absolutely. Which is basically taking all of the properties of gold that we have put value on and now putting them in a much more scientific, provable, mathematic type mentality or mechanism and so it's actually improving on those  Essentially perfect mathematical certainty exactly how many Bitcoin will be issued between now and the last Bitcoin being mined in the mid 22nd century Again, that's a property. We've never had with any asset commodity or whatsoever And I think the part that is really important in that is this difficulty adjusting Adjustment works both directions So if we put more resources towards mining right if you and I are partners and we want to produce Bitcoin the more that we put over  As we see Bitcoin hash rate grow, which is how much operational and capital expenditure is being allocated towards its production, we can use that as a proxy for where we think the value will go. I think the hash rate today is 13 times what it was at the December 2017 peak. We look at it as a leading indicator in that positive feedback loop that is Bitcoin. For sure. Let's go back to number zero. Absolutely. In the same way that the number zero enables our numeric system to scale and more easily perform  money supply represents perfect scarcity, which makes Bitcoin a perfect monetary technology. From this perspective, both the discovery of zero and absolute scarcity are ideas or tools that enable society to scale by saving us time and calculation in trade. So that was a long run, so I'll try to summarize it a little bit. Since the invention of Bitcoin represents the discovery of absolute scarcity or absolute irreproducibility,  one time discovery. Can it be replicated but it's just the first time it's discovered there's value or is it absolute scarcity can only happen one time. I think as a monetary property it can only be discovered once because money is valued based on its liquidity and network effects. So if you try to reproduce Bitcoin 2.0 with absolute scarcity today the value of that just gets collapsed into Bitcoin because it already has such a huge lead.  a true Bitcoin killer would necessitate an entirely new consensus and distribution model and nothing to date has been conceived that could fulfill this requirement. So in the same way that there's only ever been one analog gold, it looks like there's only ever going to be one digital gold. So that was a long critique of Ray's second critique. So part of this is the properties that make gold valuable have been supercharged or put on steroids when it comes to Bitcoin.  Yeah, depending on either one of those when you combine them You cannot reproduce Bitcoin in the form that it is and kind of the value that it is. Yeah. Yeah, I guess Since it's a game theoretic you can't Replay the game so to speak of money, right? You can't just no one can decree gold is no longer valuable the free market determines that it has value the free market has determined that Bitcoin has value and These as money, you know the more liquidity and more network effects it has the more value it has so  So in one sense it's true because central banks are already announcing their attempts at this. However, the one thing they will never do is give up control of monetary policy, which means that this is the means by the way monetary policy control through which they enrich themselves. And this goes by a lot of names. The cantalon effect, confiscation via inflation, the shadow tax, or even taxation without representation. So since Bitcoin has an absolutely scarce money supply, which is a monetary policy akin to  is sent to market dominance today. Amazon accomplished this historic feat by gaining control of the digital market for distribution networks, the space which Amazon conquered is driven by scarcity in the form of finite distribution channels, and it is subject to winner-take-all dynamics due to network effects and economies of scale. Similarly, the market for money is driven by scarcity and subject to winner-take-all dynamics, as we saw with gold.  that it had also many people don't know that every single year since it's been public it's drawn down double digit percentage at least once and I think the average intra year Drawdown is like over 30% Yeah, right right and so when you start to look at it It's just that all equates to it's a highly volatile stock this but volatility works both ways You need volatility to go up you also need volatility to go down And so if you're going to have the best performing stock or stock that goes from non-exists  So this volatility is the market trying to discover what it is Is it zero or is it hero so to speak for sure and then the second thing you talk here about is this idea that bitcoins? Monetizing along the same path as gold so gold essentially nobody used then people started to use it as hey This is valuable. Do you want to actually barter or use it then it became a more? valuable asset over time it's more and more people say hey well I want some of that and Then at some point once it had this quote-unquote stable  which we'll get to, we were actually thinking in gold for that very reason. So that covers like my three responses to Ray's three critiques of his assessment of Bitcoin. Then after reading his book Principles, I realized that Bitcoin positively embodied many of the principles Ray lays out in his book. So I decided to write my essay, which is titled, An Open Letter to Ray Dalio Regarding Bitcoin, to share my findings, which brings us to the first principle.  Idea meritocratic decision making is better than traditional autocratic or democratic decision making in almost all cases. So an idea meritocracy is a cultural paradigm. It's a free market for ideas, a way of subjecting ideas to a simulated form of natural selection. It's a kind of Darwinism for ideas, if you will. An idea meritocracy is an open environment for the proliferation and combination of the most meritorious ideas.  So, an example here would be like, consider how professional athletes are paid for points they put on the board or other stats, which are objective metrics, whereas a politician is paid based on his charisma or cunning, which is clearly very subjective. So, you know, jumping back to our original thesis that everything starts out as an idea,  everything. What we tend to see in organizations or even larger in the world is not idea meritocracies. We tend to see hierarchies and we tend to see the I'm the boss. It's my idea. Do it my way, even if it's not the best idea. And so I think that the technology world has done much better job of kind of encouraging some of these meritocracies. And some of that is because to your point, you know, when I was at Facebook, one of the  People who like this world and believe in the value of the idea of meritocracies, they're doing everything they possibly can to double and triple down on the protection of them. And so you get this very diverse world, or division in the world, but it comes back to the idea of either you buy ideas, have merit on their own, or they don't, or you buy into who says it when, where, how, et cetera, is almost more important than the ideas of which people share. Absolutely. You know, I think that the division you speak  or not work as hard or whatever, whereas competence hierarchies, if you will, reward ingenuity and innovation and things of that sort. So I agree. I think the world is going that way. So getting back to kind of what markets are in that respect, markets are necessary to disseminate knowledge because knowledge has a localized dimension to it, meaning every person is most familiar with a prevailing economic circumstance  Capitalism is directed by the collective decisions of all economic actors, whereas centrally planned socialism is directed by the decisions of a handful of bureaucrats. Kind of like what we're talking about here. So, you know, free markets reward competent, planned markets reward dominance, effectively. And in that sense, socialism is a top-down, unnatural, despotic organization, and you can kind of think of the traditional org chart as you brought up.  and  have  radical transparency and believability-weighted decision-making.  I love that. It's great, right? Like, forget Bitcoin, forget anything. Just truth or more precisely, an accurate understanding of reality is the essential foundation for any good outcome.  attention to the redrawing process, reality is going to run you over, right? Absolutely. All right. So this is his principle of radical truth. Yes. So this is the idea that gaining a clear perception of reality is paramount to facing it head on and dealing with it. So in markets, it's commonly said that price is truth, meaning that all known market realities are expressed in any particular asset's price at any given moment. You may remember from economics 101 that the market price is the intersection of supply, which is an objective quality.  his market that this is intersubjective value and all of those decisions are based on actual availability of time resources and know-how this is objective scarcity so really what you're describing here is the most important concept when it comes to Bitcoin supply and demand and that supply and demand leads to all sorts of things like price discovery etc but understanding fundamentally what is supply and demand if you don't have that  is how many people want those 21 million Bitcoin. That's right. And that's where when those two things intersect, kind of truth versus perceived truth, that's where you get price discovery. Yes, and they feed back into one another, right? So after the May 2020 halving in a couple of months, it's going to constrict by half to 900 Bitcoin per day. And, you know, the Bitcoin feedback loop theory at least is that as you constrict scarcity and money, it actually drives demand for that money.  promises in excess of what they had. And the thought process here was if I give out 10 times the number of IOUs to what I actually have, mathematically I'm going to take the risk that not everyone is going to come ask me for the gold at the same time. That's exactly right. Which 99.9% of the time is and was true. There have been very specific cases though  I want my gold. And so it's somewhere here, right? People say, I want my gold. But if you've promised more IOUs than you have, you obviously can't pay everybody. Absolutely. That's the breaking of the truthfulness, as you described. Yes. And when the trust breaks down, things go more free market again, right? People want the gold. They don't want your promises. They want hard money. Joe, we got to get that clip, man. I want the gold. Where the gold at? So when Citro banks did this, they severed  that