 Bang bang Austin's here. You're the second newsletter king to walk in the door this week What's up, man? Not too much. How's it going? Good. I'm doing great. You're you're doing better than me You're fucking killing the game over there morning brew Let's start with what did you do before?  newsletters, at least what they are now. It was this crappy PDF attachment. But the way he came up with the idea was he was helping friends that interview prep. And what he realized was that people really struggled to resonate with the business world. They were reading the journal to prep for interviews, but they felt like they had to. They didn't feel like they wanted to read some of these sources. And it's not to discredit these sources. They're all great sources. And we actually, you know, partner with them or use them all now. But we felt like there had to be a different take or different spin on traditional  morning  Yeah, I feel like that I couldn't think of anything better is a very common way that names get adopted Yeah, I feel like a lot of times you just pick a running name as you you have a big brainstorm You can't come anything good. All right, this is the worst or the best of all the bad terms We'll use this as a placeholder to come with better and then you know, it's lunch day. You're like shit We never thought of anything. So let's just launch with it. I love it. All right, so you guys went from 300 subscribers to now you're closing in on like  and  she had a good relationship with three, not even that many, three or four professors. And she just asked- Just big class sons. Yeah, huge classes. Another day in big business school like Michigan. And if you can get to an econ 101 class, there's 500 kids there. And so it just scaled from that. And so that was the college days. At the very beginning, we thought this was a product for college students. So we thought, okay, here's a problem. People in college struggle to resonate with the business world and their knowledge base in the business world is completely  kind of coming into this is their first iteration of how they can learn about business in their voice. Yeah. So we we call the college doing the aspirational reader. So some pick it up in freshman or sophomore year through older students. But I guess most of them go off to an internship, see their analysts associate reading it. Or what we've heard a lot now is when when these big banks are consulting firms come for career days, we'll do a presentation and they'll say,  Most people would kill for those jobs. Like what are you two psychos doing? Not doing that and going to do newsletters. Yes. So I think that's what my parents thought. Like what is this newsletter thing? And Alex is Alex's family was the same way. But you're going to work on email. Yeah. What is this? No, my parents were very supportive as were Alex's family. I mean, they were definitely a bit weary and like a bit concerned, but they trusted us. And and that was that was excellent. That was great. But basically after my junior year, I interned at  house, no mortgage obviously. So let's do it now. And we had a product and it's funny in hindsight, it probably wasn't nearly as far along as we thought. Like, oh, we have 30,000 subscribers. This is sick. That's still pretty good though. Yeah, it was good until it went to advertisers like, Hey, we'll pay you a hundred bucks for 30,000 subscribers. And we're like, Oh, we have to really scale this thing. So that's when we decided to raise a bit of money. So we, 2017, when I graduated, we raised an angel round. So we raised $750,000 to  morning brew and we thought the idea we said, you know, if we ever go out and raise money and do this, we're going to raise a ton of money at the time. If you don't, if you remember, that was when Facebook was just giving everyone all this traffic. And so people were raising hundred million dollar rounds, multiple hundred. Like there are many companies literally raising hundreds of millions of dollars. And so we said, oh, we'll follow suit. The luckiest thing that happened to us and they're one of the reasons where we are, where we are today.  the tone and the style went to write in, but we couldn't accomplish that and run the business. So we knew we had to hire a writer, which we knew was going to cost money. We weren't generating revenue. So we knew to raise something and we just talked to people and convertible notes were hot and we didn't know what the price was around that. So we picked a convertible note. There were some thoughts, $750 a million. Who knows? We got $750 and we stopped. And so that was it. And we haven't raised since. And we're very glad we made that decision. It allows us to be in the driver's seat every day.  If you have to sell for a quarter of a billion or half a billion dollars for us, you know, we get to evaluate every opportunity and do certain things that aren't scalable or maybe aren't worth a billion dollars, but that we want to do. It's funny because I tell every entrepreneur, no matter how much money you raise, you're going to spend in 18 months, right? So like raise 750, you're going to try to spend it in 18 months. If you raise $250 million, you're going to spend in 18 months. And people always like, no way. And I'm like, let me show you a bunch of examples. And so what'd you say? There is hundreds of millions of dollars.  and it limits the range of outcomes. So when you raise large rounds of funding or media companies, I have this belief that not universally, but for the most part, it's very challenging for media companies in a short period of time to see venture-backed returns. I think media companies are way better off growing slowly. It's all about the brand. So if you grow slow at first, then you can take capital later on. And there's a lot of media companies who have been doing that recently and seeing great success. So Barstool,  that if you would get him $7 million in 2003, that he'd still have that money by like 2005. Half of it, who knows where he would have put it, and the other half, he would have wasted printing papers. Yeah. Yeah. And there's a lot of other examples as well. I mean, the infatuation, while they've certainly raised capital, they've been around for a very long time. And it's funny, I barely knew who they were until a year ago. And now it feels like they're everywhere. And I think they recently raised a huge round, and they did raise capital before, but they weren't raising multiple  start to kind of hit their stride. Really what they're doing is they're building brand allegiance and kind of a rabid fan base, right? And when you have that, you can monetize it to a million different ways. And that literally takes time, right? People have to figure out who you are. They've got to kind of, you earn their trust on a day to day basis, day in, day out for months or years at a time. And then you can kind of hit that inflection point. And I think that's kind of what you're talking about, the slow growth. Exactly. Not everyone, but for the most part, again, nothing is universal,  What is the thought process for, uh, for kind of, uh, adding to kind of that, that core offering that you have? Yeah. So end of 2018, we, so we finished 2018, 850,000 subscribers, but end of 2018, we were pretty close to there, obviously. And, and we took a step back and we said, what do we want to do next? Uh, we're not going to lose focus in the court newsletter, but we want to do other things. Uh, and we looked at what every other media company was doing and we decided, you know, we want to do our own thing. And so everyone was still in video.  out three days a week. We then, mid-summer 2019, launched Retail Brew, covers the retail industry. So, you know, any emerging news, really anything that happens in the retail industry, we're giving you a newsletter three times a week. And then I think August or so, we launched Business Casual, which is our first podcast hosted by Kinsey Grant. And we're really excited about that. And then recently we launched The Turnout, which is our politics newsletter. So once a week, but we do politics differently. So it's not pure politics.  There's a newsletter at your desk. You're reading at work that's educating you on the retail industry. And then, you know, hopefully at lunch, you listen to business casual. And if we can progress our immediate properties throughout your day, we can fill your day with our tone, our style, and we can provide a great experience both to readers, but then also a full funnel approach to advertisers. And so as you're thinking through this, how do you pick like the next vertical to go into and paid versus free newsletters, kind of like Azure, like actually building the product itself?  Two, are there enough people in that industry such that we believe we can grow a vertical, not the two million, but we want something in the hundreds of thousands for sure. And then the advertiser pool. How many companies want to get in front of these people? And so we just line up a bunch of topics and then we define a good writer. It's really, really challenging to be a Morning Brew writer. You have to be knowledgeable about the area in which you're working in. You have to be able to write multiple newsletters a week and you have to be able  the most part, people pay for news or have a high willingness to pay for news. Sure. If it's very niche, that's one thing. Obviously your newsletter, very niche and you're an expert at it. So that makes sense. If I just play an expert on. Yeah. So all you have to do is look like an extra. You don't actually have to have to be an expert. It's a black t-shirt. Exactly. It's funny. Normally I'm the one wearing black t-shirts. So I'm glad we mixed it up. Polina sitting in the room and she knows, most people know this now, she gets mad because all I  or for news for that matter. I do think when we think about paid, we think about we have this community of 2 million plus modern business leaders, as we call them. So aspirational people out there who are intellectually curious, who want to get better and better themselves. And so how can we bring these people together? How can we educate them in other ways? And that will come with time. But for right now, we see so much opportunity and so much white space in the free and the  that's more of just them being super ambitious and innovative. I think it depends on what scale you want to get to. So at our scale, we're 100% ad based. I think that's fine. If we want to get to $100 million of revenue, $100 million plus, I definitely think we'll need to diversify revenue. Is that the goal? At some point, yeah, yeah. I definitely think in our goal, while we don't have venture money, that doesn't mean we're not looking for venture outcomes. And so we certainly want to get to $100 million plus in revenue. And so we will diversify revenue. I think it depends.  Like what does that process look like for you guys today? Yeah, so ads and newsletters are different for everyone. There are some newsletters out there who just put a live intent or programmatic ads. We do zero programmatic. So everything we source or they're inbound, but we have account managers who manage the account. We have brand partners who are selling. We've integrated marketing who's coming with full funnel campaigns. And so we are working with partners to understand their goals, to understand their talking points, but we make sure that  or variability to the business. And right now everything's going well, but certainly for us, we definitely think about how can we diversify. Like I said before, we're really confident in it. But if you're an ad-based business, but you have programmatic ads, I am not the most knowledgeable person on the programmatic ad industry, but obviously there's lots going on with third-party cookies and everything. And I think those businesses are going to look to how can I diversify through putting up a paywall,  is you guys have taken a very kind of long-term view of building the relationship with the reader or the modern business leader. Do you do the same thing on the advertising side or is it just the advertiser kind of dictates what the terms that they want and you guys are just trying to fulfill their needs? Like how do you think about that? Yeah, we like to treat our advertisers as well as we treat our readers. And so obviously as a media company, that's always a balance. It's always a challenging balance. We say no and turn down. We actually just did this. We turned it down an advertising partner because we felt they  also we don't want to upset our readers. We don't want people leaving because we're advertising things that may be illegal in the future or were just recently legalized. Who knows? And so we'd be very careful with that. So that is what we choose. But ad deals are bespoke given it's not programmatic. But we do like to work on longer deals with partners who have longer time horizons so we can create really compelling grey campaigns. And as the ad team has  our brand resonates with our readers and we're willing to do that. That's awesome. What are the mistakes you guys have made in building the business, right? You guys as first time entrepreneurs, you've had to raise capital, hire people, manage people, build multiple products and all these different things. People would be crazy to think that you've never made a mistake. Like, is there anything that sticks out where you're like, man, we made this mistake and then here's how we corrected it? Yeah, we've made every mistake you could possibly make.  Oh, we're going to move quickly. We want to make sure that this happens this month because that was the KPI we set to hire this person. They're going to take another job. Exactly. Yeah. But I rather that than bringing on a bad person. I think people don't understand how detrimental it is to bring on someone who is not a good fit to the team and the higher up they are, the more detrimental it is. And so it's a challenge to bring on the best people. We've been fortunate that we've an incredible team, but it all comes down to people.  Like you and your co-founder both are still relatively small company, right? 35 employees, give or take. And that means that you probably have multiple hats versus if you had 200 people. Like how do you actually spend your day on a day to day basis? Yeah. So it depends as, as it always does. But Alex is more of the creative. So he is way more integrated in the content team, helping with the podcast, helping with, you know, oversee content.  worse at that job because they don't have executive power to make a decision fast enough or they can't get in touch with the right people. Whatever it may be, I try to put myself in positions that other people wouldn't be able to thrive in that position. If I think someone's better than me at something, I'm the first person to bring them on to replace me. I mean, that's like part of our jobs as co-founders is to scale the team such that we are mission critical and fewer and fewer decisions. So make fewer and fewer decisions.  for me is that it's hard to articulate when a company has a brand people resonate with, but it's very easy to feel. Okay. You know it when you see it. Yeah. No one says, hey, at least my friends don't go, hey, I love Yelp or I love Google review. I can't even tell you other review sites because I'm just, I'm a hundred percent all in on when I need help find your restaurant. It's the infatuation, which is a hundred percent. And so I think they're a great one. I think with  And I think very different angles. Are you saying that access is going out for boomers? I would say that actually us a target is boomers. I'm not sure that's what they'd say. I think they would say you know, not for the tweet it might give you like, hey, man, I heard you guys are for boomers. I think they're giving everyone a hard time. We do not actually do that. I think they would say executives is what they would say. But they are different. I think that, again, from the brand perspective, everything from logos, the voice, et cetera, there is a very distinct difference between  larger internet first, even Facebook first publishers perhaps. But Jonah Peretti just wrote this really great blog post about how they're diversifying revenue and they're licensing a bunch of content. And I think it's really interesting what they're doing. So I'm not, you know, I have a soft spot in my heart for some of these smaller publishers, but I think a bunch of people are out there doing a good job. I mean, it's tough, obviously. The media industry has been through a lot recently and I have a lot of  I think while potentially the ceiling is lower, I'm very bullish on B2B publications. So you pick a target for him, it's travel industry. Maybe it's retail. Digi-Day does media and they also have modern retails. They've done a few. There are a bunch of these out there and they just cover it to death. They keep on covering it. And then they serve very targeted ads at those people for very high CPMs because the right people, it's all B2B.  raise a profitable company, then you've all the leverage. If someone wants to come in and then fund the company at a later date, then sure, go ahead. You're still in control. You're still profitable and you can pick the right investors for your goals. Yeah, super interesting. When you think about kind of the modern media company, obviously with morning brew, Axios, et cetera, there's this weird balance between the brand, the company, and then the individual writers themselves and people wanting to subscribe to them, right?  So I'm not gonna be able to give you a great answer. There's something we think about all the time. It's a challenge because you look at the person who wrote Polina's newsletter before. He left. He left. Yeah. Or maybe a few before. He left. And so, yeah, it's tough. Polina's better. Yeah, I agree. But I'll tweet that at him. Please don't tweet that either. I shouldn't have said that. No, I said that. You didn't say that. But I think it depends, right? And you have to make sure it aligns  and make sure they are sub brands. Even term sheet, sure is written by one person. If that person leaves, people will leave with them, but it's fortune term sheet. It's not whoever is the current writer of term sheets, term sheet, caveatting all of that is I believe people resonate more with people than brands. And so I think someone's going to crack this code and potentially it is someone like a sub stack who has said, we're going to be the faceless publisher and we're going  the WWF. Right? Like, like that's really what they've recreated in a very, very thoughtful way. Uh, and I think a lot of people look at it and they're like, that's mass chaos going on over there. It's not at all. They're super, super on top of what they're doing. Um, and I've been very strategic and it's worked very well. But do you think that they can pull off the personality first type content because of the type of content that they're creating, meaning that it's more comedy based, more entertainment than it is like  Well, or is that just too hard from the do at this point? So I think what what we're seeing is people don't really care about as much about this, at least from an engagement standpoint, don't care as much about the scores, don't care as much about even the the longer highlights. Right. I follow House of Highlights. I just want the amazing. Oh, I crushed it. Well, yeah, he crushed it. Yeah. And yeah, it's it's interesting that he left and and we'll see how that plays out. But even so, he went to ESPN. Right. But did he? I didn't even know that. Yeah.  I'm sure it's a lot. How much do you think, how much do you think of your ESPN? How much would they pay? I don't know. I have no idea. Over under $2 million a year. I'd say under, but not too much. I'm going over. Wow. You know why? If you're ESPN and you lose on social in today's day and age, you accelerate your demise. And $2 million or more is nothing to ESPN to stay the leader in sports. Yeah. I, I $2 million is a lot of money.  entertainment. It's fun. It's not chaos. It's manufactured chaos. So my whole thing was in March of 16, I think is when they took the money from churning. Uh, I wrote a thing on medium. They were about a $15 million and I said, Dave Portnoy and his secret plan to build a billion dollar media company. And I was like, look, it's going to be a billion dollar company. And literally people were like, you are the biggest fucking idiot in the world. And my whole point was, no, you guys are missing the fact that the future of media has nothing to do with the  sports related type content or kind of culture related content. And so what that begs the question of is it sports and culture like the ringer barstool, et cetera. It's just that type of industry is open to that type of content. Or could you like, could you build a barstool like a media company for politics, for example, or is it just doesn't work because there's no way to rebuild that type of DNA and that manufactured chaos, et cetera, in the politics.  content and commerce. And I don't know if you know David Perrell, but Dave and I co-wrote this piece nine months ago. I was actually talking to someone today. I would double down on that. On which part? So commerce, you know, these direct consumer brands, they're commodities. Most of these companies are just have commoditized products. A mattress is a mattress. Right. Don't tell Casper. Sorry. Most of these are commodities and everyone launched  I'm more comedic than a media company.  is or I think a lot of the media industry is because again, media is just so broad and people want to connect with people and then buy their zillion beers is a great example. I didn't even follow it that much, but it's Dave in this guy going back and forth and they sold a million and a half dollars of swag. That's insane. And literally just said zillion beers in a bunch of different ways. And the way that he marketed it was he would basically turn on the selfie video camera in his apartment, chug beers and scream bye, bye, bye. And then smash the beer can on his head and they sold a million and a half dollars.