 All right guys bang bang I've got Sam here we got a whole bunch of shit to talk about You guys are absolutely killing the game Thanks for coming to do this. Thank you. I'm excited this all came together because you tweeted I'm in New York and I have nothing to do who wants to meet and I was quick with the Twitter fingers Yeah, and in that like same Twitter thing tweet  move to Nashville, Tennessee for college. Okay. Where'd you go? Vanderbilt. No, I wasn't good enough. I went to the worst version, overpriced below average school called Belmont University. Aren't they all below average and overpriced? No, I think that a top 10 or top 20 university, I think it's worth it actually. I'll tell my kids, go to state school or go to Ivy League. Okay. That's right. It's one or the other. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Kind of a bell curve type approach to life. Right. And my wife went to an Ivy League school and I see the benefits.  He got hurt or something, but I think I had to set this up people would pay to come is how old is he? I'm gonna guess he's Late 20s early 30s. Ah, okay. I don't think I know that name I mean I ran like 47 48 in the 400 which is better than most it's pretty fast I was a spectacular high school runner an average college runner Yeah, but if you're an average d1 athlete you likely can be a normal person, but I don't this guy's might sound we're gonna set this up now  Motorcycles old cars gas pumps anything old and cool whatever cool shit they could find Yeah, like things that you would see in like an Americana style home Yep, we would rent stuff to music videos country music videos just cool stuff and it was the second most popular show in cable at the time Wow Yeah, it was it went like pawn stars American Pickers and then like David Letterman. What does that say about our society? That stars was number one I mean those guys are rednecks and I'm a redneck so I could say it but it's really educational Yeah, we had children from all over the world that would come people loved it  an area without a lot of stuff. And so I was like, I should do something about this. So I opened up a hot dog stand that expanded to multiple locations. It was called Southern Sam's, the Wiener's as big as a baby's arm. And yeah, that's where I learned how to do marketing. And where did that name come from? And the slogan? Who thought of that? You? Yeah, I don't know. I just get that we would like give people a discount if they put their baby's arm and a bummer mustard on it. And it was like this funny. And so what yours is this pre or post or post social media  internet people where are they?  No, it actually happened on a Saturday and I was flying out that day and my mom had come down to help me move out. OK. And we and I was with her when we found out and she was like, let's get on the plane anyway. You'll figure it out. So I flew out there. What a great mom. It was very supportive. And and she goes to start it, start something when you got there. You'll figure it out. So I went out there. I started I met a guy just randomly and he had was a few months into starting a project. I joined him as a co-founder and it was a roommate matching company. OK. Not sophisticated, made OK money, but we sold it for a little bit of money.  I took the original idea that he had in the domain name and I kind of changed it a little bit and I launched this thing called HustleCon, which is like a TED talk-ish for entrepreneurs. That's how I explained it to my parents who didn't understand this game. But it was like a conference for non-technical founders. And it was called HustleCon. HustleCon. HustleCon.com. Hustle and some people listening to this won't remember when the days when the word Hustle was not a bad word. It was like Hustler or a thief. Yeah. Well, it was again, bell curve, right?  And I started this thing and the idea was I'm just going to do it to kill time until I find my next business. And I launched it on June 1st and the event was on July 15th or something like that. I only had six weeks and I use an email newsletter. I'm a self-taught copywriter. I got really good at copywriting through a lot of self-practice and everything. And it made like 60 grand. I was like, that's kind of cool. Let's do it again. That's more than like half of America makes. Yeah, it was great. It was really great. And I didn't know that it was going to make money. I didn't mean to.  Like are you like I came all the way here and a little I made 60k I'm on my motor and I had already made a little bit of money from my other thing yet So like I was like because I was like a little bit of a weirdo in high school and grade school because I was always making money on YouTube or selling shit and I was like fuck those guys like I did it And then like my high school wrote an article about it and I was like gotcha because they were I was not a Great student so they were right, but I was an asshole  friends or something like, you know, they like knew like, oh, maybe this guy's he actually knows what he's doing. Maybe he's doing OK. And so on that trip, I read the biography of Ted Turner. Yep. Oh, it's a great one. Yeah. He's from the South. I was from the South. Kind of Missouri, Tennessee. He was a hold on a second. Can we count Missouri as the South? Up here, they'll call it that. Oh, and you are. Yeah. Well, anything south of like Pennsylvania. Yeah, that's why I said kind of identified as a Tennesseean because I lived there for a long time. That's fair. OK, I I Missouri folks are  Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. So, okay. So you right around your motorcycle.  And we all actually share a lot of the same interests. We share a lot of the same desires, the bias, emotions, etc. And the fact is, it's the same amount of people in every place. So for example, people always say in the South, it's all redneck. Go to Birmingham, Alabama. It's all hipsters. Go to Austin, Texas. It's all hipsters. Go to Portland. It's all hipsters. Go to the suburbs of Birmingham, but the suburbs of Portland, it's just families who are just trying to pay the bills and raise good kids. Go to the rural part of Oregon, the rural part of Northern California, the rural part of Texas, and it's just rednecks. It's all the same shit.  get successful or you're the richest man in the world like Bezos, you just buy the Washington Post. Yeah, so I was like, one of those things is really interesting. And so I decided to, I did HustleCon again and that was in April, so I waited nine months about, did it again and that made money and I was like, I'm using all this money, I'm gonna start an information company. Like 2016, 17? Yeah. Okay, got it. So you're gonna create the information company? Yeah, and then so we launched the Hustle, we originally launched it in fall of 2015,  Okay. And the original idea is what? When you say, I'm going to go after this information company? Well, the original idea was I'm going to build up this huge audience of entrepreneurial type folks, people who want to put their debt in the world through business. And then I want to create more products for them. Okay. And I didn't want to raise money. And so I did a ton of research and I realized that two things. One, email was the best platform to build a business on because it wasn't owned by one person. You know, if you build a business on Facebook, it's like you are building your store where the real estate or the landlord  It not intentionally not to hurt the businesses, but it's just more and more businesses join. There's only so much yeah, it's just a fine demand Yeah, exactly. But what did the small business say small business persons out there with their pitchfork like you took away my reach Yeah, I'm not anti Facebook. I love a lot of Facebook stock. I love Facebook. I pay them a lot of money I love Facebook I but like but it happens you have the player. Yeah, you have platformers whether it's Facebook Twitter Google Yeah, they're just winning the game And so oh so I looked at the reach on Facebook and all that and rented real estate  saw but basically what this whole idea and this is coming we there's a million examples we can talk through is the idea of if you build a really rabid engaged like highly kind of powerful audience once those people subscribe to what you stand for what you're doing etc there's all kinds of different ways to monetize that audience yeah the easiest example is look at the Kardashians you know though I always forget their names but the Jenner woman who is a billionaire because Jenner yeah well the mom I'm talking about the daughter  Kind of still I knew nothing about media. Okay, nothing. That's actually probably an advantage that it was a totally an advantage because people will be like Wow, you're breaking the rules. I'm like, I don't fucking know what the rules are I'm not trying to be a badass. I just don't know anything. I'm an idiot Yeah, and but what I knew how to do from years of studying and years of selling hot dogs and years of just Salesmanship is I knew how to get people to believe what I wanted them to believe I knew how to capture That sounds it's a fantastic skill. Look that sounds negative, but I'm using it in a good way  copywriter.  of actually handwriting. And I think I have a notebook stuck to here. If I remember the science correctly, there's a lot of studies that show if you sit and you write something down, you actually remember it much higher than if you type it or it's called it's called copy work. It's a learning technique that we actually used to use in public schools. But for some reason we went away with it because it's really boring and not fun, but it's very effective. Benjamin Franklin used to write about this. He was like, yeah, here's how you learn. Really? It's really effective. It's not like I'm smart. I stole that.  I  I did do something like that. But the first blog post we ever wrote was I knew a guy who was making 50 or 60 grand a month gaming the Kindle system. And what he would do is he would plagiarize bestselling books on how to sleep with women. And then he would either just put a sexier cover and then buy reviews or he would send it to the Philippines. They would rewrite it and then he would put it back up and he was making a lot of money. And I was like, that's pretty scammy. But basically what he was doing was he one discovered a system, he learned how to hack it and then he basically, but not himself.  could track it to him. We use fake names. And then the next week, romance novels has the most liquidity in the marketplace and so more people buy it. And so it was weird. It was like the top categories were like women who wanted to have sex with werewolves, women who wanted to have sex with black guys, and women who wanted to have sex with military men. And so we just plagiarized some book and put a cover that kind of combined like black werewolves, army, sex.  our first five or 10,000 subscribers in a week. Okay. And so when you're doing this, it's one thing to write a blog post, you get a bunch of traffic. How do you actually inside of that blog post get them to sign up for the newsletter? So that's another copy or anything you have to understand. It's called, you probably, you may or may not know this, AIDA, attention, interest, desire, action. Wait, say it again. AIDA, A-I-D-A, attention, interest, desire, action. Okay. Attention, grab their attention and do something that can be shocking or anything grabs their attention. Get them interested by giving them the goal  Okay, so you're interested now like you're like curious so desire this website I don't remember so I'm making this up this website is actually like you should enter your email for these reasons just enter your email right here and Check your email box in one minute and you're gonna get the best damn confirmation email you've ever read Mm-hmm like something like that. Yep, and then people basically it's almost like they can't resist seeing what the confirmation email exactly. Yeah, that's all that's and then the and then the confirmation email was really really clever and if you actually Google the hustle welcome email  Yeah, like who cares? Like your phone's a phone, like the phone is the same size no matter what. Who cares if they're on Safari or in the mail app? Like if I have their attention, let's. So here's my question is when you make that switch, there's a lot of people who say, I don't want to move all of my content to the email because now all of a sudden people can't discover it on the web. Were you still posting it on the web as well as in the email? Yeah, but not a lot of people would use it. And so that just made that and then they had to subscribe. Yep. And it basically just forced people into that. And now, and what it also does, I guess, is it takes you from a poll to a push type relationship  I  you say, hey, let's do paid ads. What was the decision process there to start? Because I knew early on what an email could be worth. I knew early on that I did the math. I'm like, all right, if they stay for this long, which I think they will, and we charge us so much for advertising and our fill rate is 90%, an email could be worth X. Can I go out and acquire an email for cheaper than that? And so I would spend a few dollars and I would get that and then I would spend more and more and more and that's kind of how it worked. And at the same time that you're spending more and more on an aggregate kind of investment, were you also driving  No, we sponsor mostly one or two channels got a Twitter link just a big programmatic ones Yep, and then as you're doing this and now we'd spend all over the place other emails We've even tried billboards everything and as you're doing this How are you measuring whether it's working or not? Like I think one of the big things is like it's very authentic for you to be like Oh, I didn't know what I was doing like we were just kind of like throwing much stuff at the wall and were you just looking at like Oh, there's more people signing up for the email list. So like things are going well  the math always showed that it could work but and then emotionally I was like, oh yeah, we got a lot of traffic it's gonna work and then other days like Second work and around this time business insider sold for 600 million dollars. So I was like Henry budget. Yeah Yeah, I was like wild story about Henry though. I feel don't know he was barred from the financial. Yeah. I know all about him Yeah, I can tell you all about him. Okay, so and he started that company with Kevin Ryan, you know who that is I do not who's that Kevin? It was Kevin Ryan's idea Kevin Ryan founded guilt He founded Mongo DB, which is publicly traded. He founded Adwort or he's a  would  This could be Gartner or something huge. And just to get close to that, I'm going to do this email thing and then I'll just make money off of it. And then steps three, four, five, and six, I'm like, I don't know what those steps are, but I'm super confident I'll figure it out. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. But I think it's the perfect balance between like, I kind of know what my North Star is like, where I'm going, right? It's like, I want this to be really big. But if I try to jump to step five or six,  say to them is what is the one thing that you think that you could accomplish in the next three weeks or the next four weeks? And usually it's like dumb stuff like, oh, I could get the website built or I could do that. You know, like whatever it is, it's not something that's like actually material to what their end goal would be. But I'm like, if you can get that done, I bet that you're then personally interested enough to then go to the next step. Yeah. And I've done, I've started enough businesses that were successful on a small scale to know, to learn, like, yeah, figure it out. You know, it's like when I travel now, I'll just like,  This is what I'm gonna go do. I think more the Silicon Valley mindset is like hey I'm kind of tinkering with this thing It seems to kind of be working I think we can make a little bit of money on it and like I think that it could be bigger But like we're gonna figure it out well cool shit a lot of cool shit start small Airbnb when they had their pitch deck They're like we think this could become a hundred million dollar company That's what Jeff Bezos said he goes I think I think if we're lucky we might be able to become a hundred million dollar company Yeah, like it's and that's like he just spend more than that on the house totally  those guys who what they believe is almost like you know what you want to build and you bend the world to you, right? Versus other people who say, hey, I'm going to start doing this and then I'll kind of figure it out as I go. I actually don't think those two things are that dissimilar, right? I think that they're actually very, very similar because one is more of like a vision type. I know what I want to build and then the iteration stuff I'll figure out along the way versus somebody's more focused on the iteration and they don't know yet what it'll become. But when you put those two together, it's similar. You got to be bold for both of us.  taking some money on the conferences, why would I ever start doing something else and spend money to do that? So I did it the other way around. I have this conference. I know it works. If the media side fails, I can always do that. It was the other way around. It was like, or I can always say hot dogs or I actually saved $500. I was like, I'll fly home and live in my mom's house. So you are very similar to, uh, kind of the classic founder who looks at risk very differently than most people, right? Cause most people who have like a corporate job would look at that risk and say, there's no way I can take this risk.  Yeah, I was like, I'll be able to get a job probably. And I've never really had a normal job. I was like, that'd be like putting a noose on my neck, but whatever. And the second thing was I always want to protect the downside. And so what I mean by that is in my head... So I've slept outside before when I had some issues and I was like, so worst case scenario, I'll sleep outside. I was like, did I like that? I didn't love it, but I would do it. So what's a step up from that? Well, would I be willing to tell my parents I totally failed and they would accept me?  Yeah, so we'll over we close in on two million soon. We're yeah, and yeah, it's up there and We add like on a good day like tens of thousands of new people a day. It's awesome and It's a good company. It's eight figures in revenue All advertising until recently when you added subscription. Yeah, so I do The plan was the beginning from the beginning was built this massive audience and start selling stuff for them And when I started my company, I did loads of research like I just wanted to understand best practices  I know the company. I don't know the person. Okay Gartner It's a big ten billion dollar year research thing and they're like that's a big thing Just do that and I was like, oh, yeah, you're right and I love doing this research and so we launched trends so trends.co and Go sign up at yeah And then if you enter in the code pop P is P O P O MP. Yep, you'll get a 50% discount Oh, look at that. I pop's got your back always. Can you remind me to make that code? Yeah? It's already made now I you know, it's time you're listening  is we have a team of analysts and with trends, all we do is uncover different opportunities in the entrepreneurial world. And so we do two things. The first thing is we do case studies on cool and interesting companies or interesting companies or industries. So for example, I went to Vegas and stayed at the MGM Grand and I was like, how the fuck is this hotel so big? This is crazy. And so we went and did a report on the top 10 biggest publicly traded hotel businesses and explained like, okay, so the secret sauce is basically, not the secret sauce, but the metrics that matter most is occupancy.  things. Meditation is a huge business. And so we flagged that and we told our readers about it. And then we wrote where the opportunities within the sleep sector and who is capitalizing on it, who has interesting opportunities and interesting businesses and what do we think will win. And then we have a private community of thousands of people where you can discuss those. And so I fly around the country and I meet with do meetups for those groups and all types of things like that. And so who is on the receiving end of this? Like who's the ideal trend subscriber? Is this somebody who's an entrepreneur, an investor,  Like if you go to a rush if you're the type of person that goes to a restaurant and be like man if they move that counter over here So then the barista didn't have to turn her back all the way and only turn her back a little bit and then put that thing here That would actually they could probably serve a hundred more customers. Yes, it's actually resourcefulness It's like what the real world is but scheming is a way more memorable word. I use schemers. I always say ABS always be scheming and so the subscribers are like people like you and me who are investing in new things or who I Have my own business and so I'm not gonna start another day  is  or have opinions about and we can kind of talk through them. So the first is sub-stack, which is obviously in the email world that you're in. And so this business- Are you an investor? No, I'm an advisor. But the business that they are building is essentially empowering a whole new generation of people to build a business that previously they couldn't. So it removes all the technical friction to starting these email subscription businesses. Now, you probably had to build out