 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Tayshaun here. Lots of stuff going on. We invested in Namebase a while ago, pre-handshake, Namebase launching, and it's live.  After sophomore year. Okay, you left high school after your sophomore year? I didn't know that. Yeah, I didn't share that before. No, I didn't know that. All right. What was the logic behind leaving high school as a sophomore? Yeah, so they were, it was pretty crazy because I'm from Boston, but I'd emailed the CEO and I got an internship there for summer. And at the time they were doing a million dollars in revenue every day. So it was just blowing up like a rocket. And most of that was coming through Facebook, I think? Mostly through Facebook. Yeah. So it was just an insane amount of revenue and growth.  pretty non-traditional. Some people kind of thought I was crazy, like they didn't think it was a good idea, and then ended up working out. So I think taking the bet on myself was something that I kind of internalized. That's one of my favorite things to tell people is just bet on your fucking self, man. Yeah, totally. It's one of these things where when you bet on yourself, if you succeed, you win. If you bet on yourself and you fail, you can sleep at night. Yeah. Right? Like the worst thing in the world would be to be in that situation, want to go do it, not do it, and then every night be worried about, you know,  last names. Yeah. That was not kated. Teespring. That was huge at the time. So what a Teespring was doing, which was very smart was they would basically run an ad and in the ad they would pull the user's last name and then insert that last name onto the t-shirt image and then put that in the ad all dynamically. So I would see like Pompliano family rocks t-shirt and I'm like, Oh shit. Like that's a cool t-shirt, right?  they  team. And then we ended up getting into what was you might have remembered the YC fellowship, which is like a short experiment that they started. And we were in the first batch, we actually the first company accepted into that it was like 20 out of 6500 applicants. And from there, we got into the core Y Combinator program. And that's when I officially dropped out of school to do that because you know, people try multiple years in a row to get into YC, it was like a once in a lifetime opportunity. To me, YC is probably actually better than high school.  That's kind of more generalized and for people who don't know what they want to do. That's really valuable, right? But for people who know hey, it's what I want to go do something like a YC is probably actually more valuable to them, right? I agree a hundred percent. Yeah. All right. Let's get into What you're doing today is all built on and around handshake But before we talk about handshake, I want to talk about kind of the legacy website domains And kind of technology stack so walk us through how do these naming services work?  because when it was started, no one really assumed that the internet would get as big as it would get, right? There was that famous Nobel prize winning economist who was like, Paul Krugman. Yeah, yeah. There's a, you know, it'll never get that big. It'll be like one company or whatever. But anyways, and then it blew up. So the internet DNS infrastructure has basically not scaled with the usage of the internet and the importance of it. The way it works today is, it's basically a tree hierarchy. You have TLDs,  And so they just, when they bought .com or how did they come into ownership of .com? Yeah, it was kind of a weird situation, but they basically had ownership over .com. And then when I can try it, like there's, there's some like controversy and then they like sued them to like get the rights to it or whatever. So there's a lot of controversy, but basically there's a long history, but now they own .com and they basically are able to charge everyone who buys a domain name, you know, a few dollars.  website, you know services that sell domain names in my I could buy google.com from Google right kind of the person who currently owns the second level domain or If no one's ever owned it before I would be buying it from VeriSign. Is that right? Yeah, it's actually an intermediary in front of VeriSign. So there's this another ecosystem participant called a registrar Okay domain registrar and there they basically work with VeriSign and they're able to register dot-com domains and  has worked for decades now. Who comes up with more top level domains? Like, so there's .com, then there was like .co. Now you can pretty much buy all kinds of top level domain or second level domains for those top levels. Who comes up with those? So it's this entity called the ICANN and they effectively assign the new TLDs and they decide who gets which TLD. It was actually, it used to be run by the US government and then they basically spun that out as like a nonprofit.  significant number of rules that each of the TLD owners have. And then the TLD owners are able to basically enforce policies on the domains that are sold and they're able to revoke them or seize them or shut them down. And then ICANN as well has a lot of discretion in terms of how they manage the issuance of new TLDs and also existing TLDs. So for example, the ICANN recently lifted the price caps on .com domains. Like this happened just two days ago.  When I can hands out the top level domains, how do they choose who gets to own the top level domain? That seems like a situation ripe for either corruption or influence or something. It's really funny you point that out because it is a corrupt system. It sounds like there's a nonprofit that's handing out a basically free product to somebody and that person can turn around and make a lot of money with it. So I can imagine there's jockey.  it  Do you remember what the purchase price is around like a billion or something? So for only a billion dollars you could own dot org and every time somebody buys a dot org domain Essentially you're getting a cut of that transaction exactly Yeah, I'm assuming that they make more than a billion dollars a year doing that the it's it's actually less than a billion dollars per year But you you basically do the discounted yeah cash flow But the thing that they did not include in it was right before the private equity firm bought it They got I can to lift the price cap  build, who's behind it, all that.  It also provides a set function improvement in the security. And that I'd have to get a little bit more into the technical details. But basically when you type in like HTTPS into your browser, there's an entire system that manages that. And that system is not very secure today. And Handshake is effectively providing a more secure system for this. Okay, so Handshake has rebuilt the domain system that is going to be based on a blockchain.  and  in every good name. So the names are rolled out over the course of 52 weeks. Any name is available for bidding and will be available for bidding at some point over the 52 weeks. But if you come on day one, you only have one over 52 of that entire namespace. Got it. Okay. And so in this auction process, let's say that dot Bitcoin name in week 14 becomes available, right? I'm making this up, but in week 14, you and I both want it. We essentially are going into a system. We'll get to what those systems could be.  So let's say I say I'm willing to pay $10,000 for not Bitcoin. Everyone else is less than 10,000. The second highest bid was 9,500. I pay 9,500 because I was willing to pay more, but I just have to pay what? Exactly. Got it. Very interesting. Okay. So why exactly does the DNS need a blockchain? Right. As kind of you think about what Handshake's built, like why is a blockchain necessary? That's a great question. And there's a few reasons why blockchain is helpful in this case.  at solving that. So in the traditional system, the way that security is on the TLS, which determines HTTPS, basically that system is managed by this group of entities called a certificate authority. So these certificate authorities basically determine the security of the internet today. And those certificate authorities are very vulnerable to hacking, and they can be compromised very easily because the way it works  that  and  where I'm able to kind of cut up the second level domains and then sell those off as individual assets to people who want to use those. Do they own the second level domain or are they just renting the second level domain? Yeah, so in that system, it actually depends on how you construct it. There's a role in which you even create a side chain effectively on top of your top level domain that you own and that can be its own completely decentralized system. Because this is all managed on a blockchain, you can basically write technology that makes  build their own business like that and start selling these domains. How long ago did Handshake launch? A week ago. A week ago. There's raps on. A week ago, a week ago. What's the highest price someone's paid for a top level domain so far? Yeah, so we've yet to see that because right now we're still in the mining period of Handshake. Basically, the network has a limit on transactions for the first two weeks to allow for a sufficient mining capacity to come on to Handshake. Got it.  And so what we have for all of our users is they've already started adding these names to their watch list so that they get notified and they can automatically go and bid. So there's a lot of excitement there. All right. You're not part of the name of the handshake business, right? You're not on their engineering team. You're building a completely separate company called Namebase. What does that do? Yeah, totally. So Namebase is... I know the answer just so everyone's clear. We are investors. I'm just leading him. It's actually the first time I'm explaining the business.  to as many people as possible. So we built tools to make it easier to use. So we have an on-ramp, so you can come on to your name base and buy HNS anywhere around the world. And you can use that HNS in name base to bid on any of these domain names. So we have a GUI that makes it really easy. An easy way to think about name base conceptually is we're kind of like a combination of GoDaddy and Coinbase. Got it. So right now, if I want to buy HNS, which is the handshake token, and I need HNS to buy a top level domain,  directly into Namebase. And so we're able to sell that HNS now, even when it's not available anywhere else. Got it. And so if I buy that top level domain dot Bitcoin, can I then turn around and sell my second level domains to other people through Namebase or we'll have to look at somewhere else? Yeah, you will eventually be able to do that right now. That infrastructure hasn't been built out. Got it. Okay. And so what does this become? Right? Like,  and  So what I expect is that Handshake is going to eat that, but then everything else, all this existing infrastructure, because we have path dependency, it's gonna keep on being there, right? It's like why the New York subway is still not super fast, even though Tokyo and China have a lot faster subway systems. So that existing infrastructure is gonna stay there, but Handshake is gonna replace the top level route zone. Got it. And then what's the user experience like if I wanna go to one of these websites, right? So somebody's bought a top level domain,  is  or any computer, et cetera, as long as I've pointed what you said, my router or computer or my computer to the handshake resolver. Can I have multiple resolvers that my computer's pointed to? Yeah, yeah, you can. Like, can I can I use the regular Internet and also go through this resolver at the same time and like you have multiple tabs open and go back and forth? That's a great question. So handshake is actually completely compatible with the existing Internet. So that's that's one of the things that gave us conviction is because  So when you're using a handshake compatible resolver, your internet experience is basically only improved because everything else works as normal and just get access to this new namespace effectively. Got it. What do you think is the reason why this couldn't work? Right? You know, obviously you're bullish, I'm bullish. What are the reasons or the biggest threats to it not working? Yeah, that's a great question. And I think the easiest way to identify these is to  space and that is not sufficient to basically unseat the network effects of the existing system. So that is the first component. It needs to be fully decentralized. The other thing is that the issuance of the names is incredibly important to get right. You don't want a system where the early adopters and whales are able to buy up all the good names because what you end up getting is if when that happens and that has happened in previous naming attempts is that someone comes in, you know, eight months from now, they are interested in the system. They see none of the good names are available, but also that  That's inherent in a naming system, but it's not such an advantage that it's going to kill the system. So that's basically what was, those are the mechanisms that Handshake has created to help mitigate failure. But we still haven't seen it work out yet, right? Handshake, the naming registrations haven't even launched yet. So there is a world, if anything were to happen, I would see that mechanism not being as effective as we thought it would. That could be a potential cause for failure.  believers, they kind of see what's wrong with the internet. They want to improve it and they're just super interested in it. And so it's interesting there because they're not only motivated financially, right? They're going to speculate on the coins and the names and all that, but they also believe in the potential. And I think that's like the true power of crypto, right? You have this effectively a political or philosophical cause and you compare it with an economic opportunity and the combination of that is incredibly powerful. So we have those people. We also have just normal speculators. We have miners, but we also have actual normal domainers as well.  the  Yeah, those investors got tokens in the pre-sale, but then they literally didn't even use the money to develop it. And then the people behind that, some of the people involved were like Percocetio, Joseph Poon, who made Lightning Network, and there's another Angeli who made Private Internet Access, but they were basically only involved in the inception of it. They kind of kicked things off. And then now there's pretty much multiple ecosystem participants that are all involved in Handshake. There's us, there's another team called  and pretty much it's a very decentralized community that is community driven at this point. Got it. And so when you think through this, like what keeps those developers building on Handshaver? Because the way I think about this is name-based business is to facilitate the buying and selling of HNS and then the actual top level domains. And then eventually it'll be the second level domains, et cetera. But you guys are dependent on those developers staying in the community, building this and kind of furthering what's being built.  for developers, usually they're pretty well off and they're not that motivated by money. So really it's an easy way for them to play around with the protocol. And usually the way that new technologies are adopted is you have developers playing around with it on the weekend and then it becomes their full-time thing and they're super interested and it becomes the thing that everyone uses. Same thing with Bitcoin, right? It's developers playing around with it on the weekend, Ethereum developers playing around with it on the weekend and now it's everywhere. So there's this decentralized air drive that gives developers some skin in the game. And then the other reason is that there are a lot  the main driving reason for developers being interested because typically developers are more philosophically driven than anything else. It's like the entire open source movement. Like why would you contribute all your free time on building this like, you know, threading free software that anyone can use? It's because they just believe in it. You know, they have a cause. They want to create something for the world. So that's really the driving motivation for a lot of these people. Why are you working on this? Yeah. So for me, it is kind of an interesting background.  to let me in their undergrad program. Yeah, there are like 60 year olds at MIT undergrad. So yeah. Did they already get an undergrad degree somewhere else? Sometimes it varies. Like they're really like one of my friends, he was this guy from Canada who he never finished high school and he was like a car mechanic for like six years and he was like 28 and then he went to MIT after he like applied and got in. So I think if you're interested in your like technologically interested as well, that's probably a good thing. I would be dumb enough to just  say I got this like blue screen, like, you know, seized by Turkish government or whatever. And it was shocking to me because, you know, I had grown up on YouTube and Twitter. I learned how to program on YouTube. So I wouldn't even have gone a job in the first place if I had never had access to those resources. And I basically realized that none of those people in Turkey have access to this or it's very, very difficult for them to get access. You have to jump through a lot of hoops to basically avoid the censorship that they have. That's one of the reasons why, you know, Cloudflare and Google's resolvers are popular actually.  any website in the world you can access, there's no borders effectively. And now what we're seeing is that the internet is starting to create its own borders and they're physical borders, right? It's like China has their own version of the internet, it's pretty close off. And they're now exporting that to other countries. Russia is effectively creating their own internet as well. So what we're starting to see is this crazy trend where the internet is becoming more siloed over time. And you're starting to see this insane amount of censorship in India, they're censoring a lot of regions right now.  And it would create an internet that is global and democratic again. Anyone anywhere around the world can resolve these names, which is something that is very difficult to do today. And so I saw the potential for that and I want to make a difference there. And so that's why I wanted to build a name base effectively as tooling an infrastructure that makes Handshake easier to use so that the adoption can spread. So one of those things that's really interesting to me, and I don't know how this would work, but let's take right now in China, for example, Corona,