 Guys bang bang Brian's here. We got a lot to talk about. Yes, sir. Are you ready? He flew all the way from LA just for this Not really not true, but we're gonna run with it. All right You've done a whole bunch of shit in your life Let's jump right into Tinder you are the  team. Certainly a lot of hard work from a lot of people. I think what's interesting about the Tinder story is sort of we went against every conceivable norm. In what way? At that point in time, dating first was small. The TAM of dating was perceived as something that the mature internet companies wouldn't find interesting. Second, the dating industry was essentially a  extend behaviors that we already saw on the platform and productize them. Right now, I guess this is considered a pattern that a lot of people follow because of obviously the success of the app. But at the time, it didn't feel irrational. It felt like the right thing to do. Instead of saying, pay us 19 bucks a month, we wanted to introduce you to a super like. We would give you one free, so we'd get a taste of it.  of what those actually look like. What is a super like and what are some of the other things that you guys did? Yeah, so let's start from the top. People want cheat codes in life. And this is a gaming industry term. But when you think about Tinder, it really is a game of variable. Absolutely. It's a variable reward game. Swipe, swipe, swipe, match. Oh my gosh, that was amazing. Swipe, swipe, swipe. Hopefully another match. So what we wanted to do is really take this idea of variable rewards and then pack them inside of this core experience alongside  It's not like we sat down and said, hmm, I wonder how we could monetize this. We knew people wanted to stand out. We knew people wanted to go from A to B faster. We knew what people wanted to understand how to manipulate their experience. So we just gave it to them. And we did it in a very subtle way, but in a way where a lot of people saw these paywalls. And as we all know, conversion is subject to how many times you see a paywall. And we didn't do it in a fashion that was super aggressive and like made people mad. It was a way where people saw it as an opportunity  presented it and it was like an Easter egg. They discovered it. Yeah, we think of it internally as an achievement. So you look at this sort of dichotomy between the words of a paywall or some forced action or an achievement that you can unlock, everyone wants an achievement. Everyone wants to go a little further in the game. And so I think the other thing that we focused on is ridiculous simplicity with monetization. Another product that we launched that was extremely successful  have this, this, this delightful experience and you look at the Delta and you say, well, that was because I purchased loose. And so when you can tie cause and effect together and a consumer tool, big things happen. Yeah. Big things happen. Super like boost. What else? Top picks. I mean, there's, there was tons and tons of different ones, some smaller and some more important than others. Um, but I think like the theme always is simple products. So if you think about even the branding, Tinder super like it's, you really like them.  I you'll be astonished what you can actually achieve. So you I can't believe I'm about to say this in front of you, but you're probably the best product person I know. Thank you. You have a bunch of these frameworks that you've just implemented over and over and over again in your career. Most people listening to this have no clue what any of this is. Right. Or they're coming at they understand product, but they don't understand kind of your framework. So no mind, for example, explain what that is, because I think that's one of the core things that you believe in that others might not even know what that is. Sure. So  such that they're using your product or service. Very hard to do because really, I'm going to say it right here. Nobody cares. No one wants your product. No one needs your product. It has to find them. How you find people first, even above no mind is ultra simplicity. People are not going to give you attention unless something is very digestible. That means perfect copy. That means really good visual branding. That means an understanding of who the customer is and where they live and being able to get to them  where you don't actually have to process anything. You can just let it come. Steve Jobs used to talk about television as this ultimate machine to turn your brain off. Tell me how Instagram or TikTok or any of these tools are any different. You're putting yourself, you're putting the user in a place that's almost catatonic. Once in a while, you'll drop a variable reward like a like or super like or a match or something  What is really shocking is when you talk about television, there was an entire generation of Americans really around the world, but we'll talk about America specifically, that when they got home from work, the way they relaxed was they sat in front of the television, right? They turned it on and they sat there. Yep. And that sedentary state was turning off of the brain and passive consumption. And they just whatever the cable provider decided they should watch, they watched. That's exactly right.  have two hours, maybe in the morning an hour, then you have laptops, it gets smaller and more narrow. Then you move obviously to the phone era. And now we have like 14 to 20 four minute sessions per day. So these are all these new attention cohorts. And now we have this new one with, which is this, you know, audio world that's emerging around podcasting and AirPods and whatnot, which is, you know, three or four 45 minute sessions. And so the power of any consumer application at that, at any given time,  this beautiful sort of creative destruction cycle. And one of the things I look for in consumer, and one of the things that I pay most attention to is these new attention cohorts emerging. Because, you know, sometimes they creep up on, you know, this podcasting and air pods thing, it came pretty fast. You know, all of a sudden, six months ago, people said, wait a second, there's 6 million air pods out there and podcasting is growing at this rate. How did that happen? In two years, who knows where we ended up?  viewership side, et cetera. And so it was like, wait a minute. I thought that was this little small thing. This is massive. And then the third thing is actually the content subjects started to prefer it. So if you look around now and you say, whether it's CEOs of companies, entertainers, all these people, they actually are starting to choose to go onto this medium versus the television shows or whatever else. So there's a lot of good stuff there. First, today, voice is not a platform. It's an interface.  where we are today is sort of backing up for a second, thinking about audio. Why is audio so great? First, ridiculous amounts of information density. Second, ridiculous amounts of human, you know, what makes us who we are, the intonation, the, you know, the pitch, all these things that we forget. Like we've been living in this text world, which is incredibly transactional. Why do emojis exist? They exist because we needed to add sort of  You can listen to audio, consume audio in a no-mind state in a multimodal environment, meaning driving, walking, working out, potentially sitting there on your work laptop in Excel. And so I think what people forget about audio is how flexible it is. And you look at video, right? And video had this amazing curve to it with YouTube and whatnot and Instagram and Snap. But you still hear people today, like, oh, I don't want to get by and gamble.  audiobooks or podcasts, right? And what I think happened if I try to be somewhat intellectually honest is audiobooks came first, right? And it was an easier transition to go from, I don't have time to read right now or I'm moving, I'm doing something, whatever. Let me just have somebody read to me. So, okay, that's pretty clear. And then now we've transitioned into, well, like, what if it doesn't need to be a book? What if it can be more an interview, somebody just talking in 20 minutes, whatever it is. And so what  that the content creators haven't even really figured out yet. How do I create the content to best live on this interface or platform that it ends up becoming when they get that right? This thing's going to take off. Yeah. You know, what's interesting is I don't think we're not to contradict you, but I don't think we're arriving anywhere. I think we've been here for two, 200,000 years. Humans started the art of storytelling around a fire 200,000 years ago. That's how we shared information. Sure. There was cave art, you know, 40,000 years ago or whatnot, but for a very  drives us, that makes us excited and sad and happy, elated. Text is not good at it. It never was good at it, but we've been conditioned for the last 15 years because this is where the tools were at and now we're unlocking or pulling back the onion again. Again, I don't think this is traditional. I think the technology and the stack underneath it is certainly new, but I think the behavior is absolutely part of our DNA.  and photo sharing, probably the most prominent activity on the phone is still calling. So calling is audio. I mean, it's old and it has the ring and the buzz and the address book and all that stuff that's no fun. But audio, it works. It works. It works. It works. And it's still a scale behavior. But I think what we're going to see happen, what's going to emerge is these form factors that fit into people's lives in different ways. For example, I love your podcast. I find it interesting.  really important bidirectional there as well. And so audio is going to find its form factor in all these different cohorts of attention. And I think the thing that's also most interesting is this, the impact of hearables cannot be denied. I mean, you talk a lot about the creation side, like Joe Rogan, you, Sam Harris, there's a bunch of people producing incredible content outside the media machine, but now talk like sort of back up for a second and just look at like, this is like a kaleidoscope of opportunity. There's so many different places to basically  for the last 10 years, almost every day. I think this is probably the second best product they've ever launched. There were people that thought that the watch was potentially more important to the overall business, but I think AirPods are now in that pantheon of right behind the iPhone. And when I think about Herobals, and I'm using AirPod as a proxy, but there's plenty of competitors, what you have is this amazing world where the computing is inside you, and a lot of people  the other in front of your eyes, really, really hard. Really, really hard for people to digest. So you think about where are the computing paradigms, right? There's something in your hand, there could be something on your face, and now you have something in your ears. But when you have, people are pretty much okay with having something in their ear. It's not something that bothers them. And so what Apple got so well is just this idea of they're just the best at hardware and services and putting them all together, right? They made this pretty well, pretty beautifully designed  just think, oh, it's just you just removed the cord from the phone to my ear, but it changes everything that you would do with headphones when you remove that cord. It's it's undeniable. I think the other thing is so fascinating is. You know, the trajectory of technology always goes from big, medium, small to invisible. That's that's the way technology works. If it isn't rendered invisible at the end, it's probably not a great piece of technology. And you think about communication and you think about  bisect that moment. I think it's gonna be an incredible ride for them. Tons of new services. But again, getting back to core human behavior. We don't want a bunch of technology all in our stuff. We wanna feel free. And I think it took AirPods and it took some time, like six, it was a year before people really understood how good these things were to realize, you know what? It's really nice to not have to  You've also changed the way that now you're communicating with the technology. Yeah. So you bring up an interesting thing about Alexis and whatnot. And I'll present to you kind of a user experience case study. The people who love Alexis are very young and very old. And it tells you something about the strength of the environment, the strength of the tool. These are people who are probably less concerned about computing, right? These are just people who are doing something functionally.  experience where people are basic, basically have hours on end to turn off their brain. Everyone commuting these days is just listening to interesting podcasts and Spotify and they're mixing it together. And pretty soon all of this stuff, like let's be honest, the voice technology, at least, uh, you know, presenting commands to, uh, a piece of hardware, it doesn't work that good. It's still not that great. I mean, Google has the best technology today by far, but it's still clunky. But where will we be in five years when, when it actually understands  lot. I think the phone has tremendous utility. It's still a great device for getting work done. It's still a great device for consuming video. And until we have a new display, a true display, I think the phone is here to stay. But I think it's a beautiful compliment. It's like peanut butter and jelly. I believe the phone will fade away, much like the actual, much like the phone did to the laptop.  I have a very unique relationship with it, right? Because I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing. I think that's a really good thing.  you know, a class environment and making you feel like you're doing it even though it's really single player. So it fits thematically along that same line. And I think the interesting thing is we've been blessed in the last 15 years with really bringing production quality up. Like you don't need a Hollywood studio to do this stuff again. So if you think about sort of the value chain of the product, everything's getting better. The hardware is better. It actually looks like a real mirror. It doesn't look like some crappy device.  like a tablet on a bike with a service and video was going to work. And he had to presumably make like six things connect and he did. But look what happened. It's like this magical experience where you feel like you're actually in one of these boot camps or class, but you're doing it outside or you're doing in your garage or your, you know, your bedroom. It's it's it's it's amazing. Yeah. So there's a big difference between building hardware products, software products and then combining them.  the true talent of like a Tony Fadal, a Johnny Ives, Yves Bahar. Like these are people that like normal people within the industry respect and admire. So there is a totem pole, if you will, and you can look up and say, look, that person designed the nest. Wow, that's amazing. Good design is always going to be scarce. And it's a function of many, many, many different things. There's an aesthetic discipline. There's people understand weight.  Danny Trinh called it the greatest animation on the Internet. It was like that was at one point high design. And so design is accelerating. People are getting better, but it's multidiscipline now. There isn't like one way to say like, oh, like it really requires a really in totality, someone who has an unbelievable aesthetic sense. And that that will never, ever, ever be a commodity. How do you balance kind of a design driven world?  Pinterest, Apple. You're talking about high design. Like people who literally the founders of Snap designers. I mean, this is something that they hold very, very true to themselves. Same thing with Pinterest. So I think it starts at the top and it's a tone. When you come from a design org, you know it. When you come from a multi-variant product, sort of is this massive math problem organization, you know it.  or a wrong, but I certainly know what side I'm on. Yeah. And you've started to do a lot more investing. When you were looking at these early stage teams, do you look for kind of this founder product fit? Like, do you try to tease this out? Is this more of a data driven versus a design driven? And this is the type of problem they're going after. And there's a certain approach that is the right thing. I don't ask explicit questions about it, but all I need to know is if I look at their materials and  And I feel like I get lucky when I find a great design sort of first startup. If there is any out there, please hit me up. I feel like I get lucky when I find them, but it's not something you encounter every day. Why do you feel like you get lucky? Well, first is like, when you have the eye, you can identify it. And so it's because it's not everyone. It's just a function of seeing a lot of deals. And I'll say this, the design bar and the overall product experience bar has gotten better and better and better. I mean, some of these SaaS,  in the history of the startup. A lot of it first was purely intuitive. Really? Yeah. The founders of Tinder were Sean and he just had this innate feel for what made sense. It was almost just, again, it's the know it when you see it kind of vibe. And him and Jonathan's sort of ability to kind of understand the swipe and to create a card structure that felt alive. That was all  for weeks, months, sometimes years, you develop something, you know, a franchise that lasts for decades. Yeah. Talking to me about kind of all the work with Angel List and Spearhead, you spend spending a lot of time on that. What's going on there? So, you know, Angel List has always been at the absolute cutting edge of venture capital. And that's why I was an angel investor and a board member now. Naval and Nivi, I think, saw the industry with extreme clarity, a decade in advance. So they, you know,  into startups. It's a whole new world. Right now, there's about 600 unicorns on the book. And I believe someone said to me, don't quote me on this, but it was seven, eight years ago, there was like 35. How many private companies are going to be worth a billion dollars in 2030? More than 600. More than 600. And so fundamentally reshaping venture capital to be more entrepreneur centric has been my goal always. And the first person  We give them a million dollars to seed investments and their friends and the people in their network. Like the best proxy for success in venture capital is find someone who knows what they're doing and then distribute money to five of their friends. Now, sometimes that's hard to do because people are in and out of jobs and, you know, maybe they're locked in or they got handcuffs or maybe they, you know, they're, they're going to Bali for two years and deciding to find, find some peace or to loom or to loom. Yeah. Iceland, Iceland, right.  Is that the conversation then going to investors?  in some form or fashion said at the end of the day early stage investing comes down to backing the best people because everything else that they're telling you is going to change what they're building the market conditions their competitor all this other stuff can change but if that individual is good they'll find a way to win and You guys are almost taking that idea and putting it on steroids and saying you don't even need the company if you're the right person There's somebody there who could fund it. Yeah, we're systematizing. We're building an institution around it all we needed to do is rewind the tape and look at  You know, Ron Conway, Mike Maples. I mean, it's a small group of people. And the reason why is it was just a, it was financially was not possible. So again, reduce friction, find people who already have that access and then give them the ability at times to fund people that they believe in. And you mentioned it best, like things change, everything changes. All the most complicated and biggest businesses of our time have went through severe, you know, 180s.  ownership. And you have the soft bank incursion, which hasn't really played out. It's unclear if it was good, bad, or terrible, but it certainly has had its ups and downs lately. And now you have this whole new cohort of investors coming in on both sides. So you have institutions who are coming in and bypassing VCs and are doing secondaries direct and trying to build structured products to get access to private companies. And then from the bottom, you have this whole class of  seed, pre-cap, seed, seed plus seed extension. And it's because there's so much capital. There's so much capital. There's so much opportunity upside in the market. Everyone sees it. And guess what? Public market investing, as you know, is it's just not as sexy. People have seen these Airbnbs and Ubers and SpaceX and Lifts and they say, I want a piece of that too. So everyone's going for it. Well, and we've got a friend who I won't name some.  So if you look at whether it's the Dietrich Foundation in Pittsburgh, Yale, et cetera, they have very high level of allocation percentages in their portfolio to private alternative investing, whether it's traditional private equity, venture capital, et cetera. And I think for a long time, that's kind of been taboo in the institutional world, but that conversation drastically shifted the last five years. It used to be a pejorative saying you were going down market. It was like, what are you going to do? You're rolling your sleeves up to go deal with a bunch of people.  happen on every side. I mean, half of these operator angel funds are funded by institutions. So they're coming in below and they're coming in on this side. What's your take on kind of this idea? There's been a couple of people who have recently said, look, the venture capital institutions are the very top ones will always be around and kind of continue to thrive. But the next wave of really good investors are actually going to be where founders want to take money from the individual rather than the institution. Yeah, I think it's already  you're working hard. Do you want to take money from someone who has no idea and they're just basically, you know, kind of like an institutional money manager that plays golf at four o'clock and doesn't understand or empathize with you? Or do you want to take money from someone who just did it, who just scaled or, you know, was the lead growth at blank or has, you know, has an incredible eye for customer acquisition and can tell you everything about customer acquisition on set this platform and that platform. Of course you're going to go to someone who gets you.  not only have the connection with the founder, they actually have experience. Now, whether it's good experience or not, can they translate, kind of give good advice? That's different. But many of those people, you know, I'm 31, and I literally ran one of the growth teams at Facebook for one of the biggest products, right? And so when you think about that, there's a hundred people like me that were at Facebook, Uber, Pinterest, Airbnb, you just go down the line, all of them. And so, again, doesn't mean they're gonna give good advice,  in a broader perspective, capital is always looking for yield and always looking for talent. Anything that gets in the way of yield and talent is a problem. And the wall used to be 20 feet high. Maybe it's four feet high. Soon enough, if sort of the vision of Angelist is realized, it's just you're going to put a deal on the platform. It'll be funded with all high quality individuals that you love immediately.  And the best entrepreneurs also oftentimes aren't the best at that endeavor. And so you think about how many great companies have been missed because the founder wasn't that person. Or I'll flip it on you. Not only the ones that were missed, how many companies got funded because the founder was good at that game and not good at building the company. Right. Right. That number is probably actually probably bigger because people have have really kind of understood now how the games play. It's one of my favorite things I've read  test is fundraising, right? Because I have to fundraise to be successful. Give me the answer to the test. How do I fundraise? And he's like, look, I could sit there and I could tell you, you know, okay, go to 20, you know, companies or funds. Here's the deck structure. Like here's all the little, you know, quote unquote cheat codes to doing this. He goes, but actually the right answer is build something that people want. Sure. And if you build something people want, they'll be throwing money at you. Yeah. And. Well, that's the reductionist answer. But now the tools are in place. I mean, we haven't even been getting to scratch  opposite of what people are doing today because everything has been streamlined. There's software for deploying, there's software for testing, there's all these great design environments where you can actually look and feel and touch and everything can be, you can actually put something in your hand that isn't even code and say, how would this feel if this worked? We're advancing. We're advancing as a civilization, the technology is getting better, faster, cheaper, more invisible. That's why 600 unicorns will be a laughable idea in 10 years.  because instead of wanting to buy pure growth, they started to think about the viability of the business. So that was some sort of texture in the market that couldn't have been predicted. So I think this is all kind of somewhat like trying to predict the weather in May, who knows? We know now, right now, that people value good businesses like they always did, but they really value good businesses. And if it's purely a growth story, you're going to pay a discount. Yeah. The Airbnb situation,  or becomes less attractive. And I think what he was highlighting was kind of this idea of these markets don't stay in the same form factor forever. No, it's totally dynamic. And I think one of the other things about staying private for a long time is the rules of the public companies and how people think about public companies to get imposed on you. Right. And so they're staying private to try to improve their numbers, improve their margins, get their unit economics in place, get the growth numbers at that  incredibly excited to be on the ground floor and