 All right guys bang bang I'm super excited about this conversation. We're all got a bunch of coffee ready to go Jeff's here Dude, this is gonna be fun. I can forward to it. Yeah. Thanks for coming to do it Let's start off with your background pre founders fun cuz I don't think that you were on a path to become an investor  thing, more entrepreneurial. And so I stuck around until I got my green card. And then shortly after I did, I got out of there and got to San Francisco and decided that I wanted to actually optimize for hanging around smart people rather than stability. And I figured if I could just meet a lot of really smart, interesting people, I'd sort of figure out what I wanted to do. And sort of serendipitously met a number of the folks that were sort of at the time, it was called the PayPal mafia, just through friends and friends of friends, ended up getting recruited  I shared an office with an absolutely brilliant engineer, this guy Trevor Austin, and we ended up becoming friends and decided we wanted to start a business together. The advice I give entrepreneurs now is you shouldn't start a business for the sake of starting a business. You should have a really clear mission of what you want to do. I actually didn't follow that advice. I knew that I just wanted to do something entrepreneurial, so did Trevor. And so I ended up cycling through a few concepts. Initially, we landed on something called Udors, which was basically,  bank and I was like, I just can't fail because for me failure wasn't an option. I mean, it's like I'd nowhere else, you know, I could have gone maybe gone back to Clarim or something, but I ended up sort of pivoting the business, putting together a new team of co-founders, Ash and Oz. And we ended up turning that business into something called Top Guest, which I think the pithy way to describe it would be sort of Cambridge Analytica for hotels and airlines. So we were, we were pulling a lot of social data with people's permission. We got, we got the permission.  money in my bank account, which was nice. I always joke that's the first step to financial freedom, right? Is go from negative to positive and then worry about what the positive number is. It was really life changing. So I'd lived my early career had been very much in this matrix type environment. So you're at a place like Procter & Gamble. There's this existing structure. It's been around for hundreds of years. There was a lot less true at Clarium. It felt a lot more generative. You could do new things, a lot of openness to  pop guest, I would argue, you know, what we're trying to do is make travel more personal. I'd sort of argue that Airbnb sort of ended up doing that in sort of a different way. And so figured that I should try and optimize in a direction towards towards figuring out what ideas are going to work in the future, but not actually having to build the things, the things, the things myself, which is what led me to Founders Fund. What one of the things you said that I've heard over and over again about Peter's just entire world is you came on to Clarium with like an undefined role.  Was that something that you thought was a positive or a negative at the time? I thought it was hugely positive and one of the things it does engenders tremendous loyalty So if you give a young person, you know a chance who really doesn't have a traditional background I didn't go to Stanford or Ivy League school I was working in you know CPG marketing and so and so when someone gives you a chance and takes a chance on you engenders a lot of loyalty and and there is an ARP so, you know ideally, you know whoever is  for the investing side versus the execution side. You went straight to Founders Fund? Yes. Okay. And what was the thought process there? You were just going to invest in early stage, full stack. What was the idea? Well, the thought process on my end was I really wanted to be an investor and do VC. And they were the VCs that I knew and that I was friendly with some of them. And they were the ones that gave me a job. I don't think if I had applied to Benchmark or Sequoia, they would have  company. But really what happened was I just fell in love with venture capital investing. One of the awesome things, many awesome things about Founders Fund, but one of the particularly awesome things is that I joined Quaid Jr. I was the newest person on the investment team, but I was empowered to make investments. Really, the only way you can learn about investing is through actually independently sourcing and making investments. Obviously, you debate things as a team and people weigh in. Really, my second deal on the team, I'd been there for four  taxis. They hadn't done any of the UberX stuff. So there was no concept of peer to peer ride sharing. There was no concept of regular people driving other regular people around. There were two companies in 2012 that started experimenting with that. It was Lyft and Sidecar were the two. And quite frankly, you know, one of the things that a lot of the people at the time were joking about was you had these couple dozen Lyft cars in the city. They had these fuzzy pink mustaches on them. And those caught my eye. So I downloaded the app.  important. And so you take the name Lyft, it's sort of a positive friendly name. Uber's sort of this snobby name. So there's a sense which I thought was sort of a more friendly brand. And that translated from a business standpoint into the founders even very early on correctly focusing on optimizing for supply. So whenever you're building a marketplace, obviously you've got to get supply, you've got to get demand. What they correctly identified was we have to make this an incredible  And I was like, come on, I need a silent button. But it turned out they were right. And so they did all these things early on to optimize for supply. And yeah, I remember having the conversation with some of my partners at Founders Fund. And the question at the time, we invested at sort of a sub $100 million valuation. The question was, can this 10X, can we see this being a billion dollar company? And sort of three of the partners thought it could be and one thought it couldn't be. And luckily, it  a pride, right, versus the other ones who just didn't have that type of stuff. And then you guys invested in a number of different rounds, right, not just that first time. We did the first one and we did some fall on investing. You know, the challenge with that company and it's, you know, now that the company is, I would argue, executing far better than Uber and is a much more well-run company, it's easy to sort of gloss over the hard times.  a crazy price war and war for market share and war for raising capital because they're both very capital intensive businesses to get to scale with Uber. And so it was a really rocky road. And those founders, John and Logan, I think are heroic and massively underestimated to survive those early years. Quite frankly, it was also my first board. So sort of me, the founders, we had one other board member and emotionally it was  very different. And it'll lead to this idea that I have of like Founders Fund is one of the only firms that has original thought left. But kind of how does how do decisions get made internally that's different than some of these other firms? Sure. So, you know, can't speak for how it works today. Haven't been there for a few years since we started Bedrock. But but back then, yeah, it was a you know, and anyone was empowered to source investments. If you're on the investment team, you can source investments and then you've you've got to build a really strong case. And there's a lot of spirited  I think many of the other firms are and we've really tried to take a page from that playbook and how we build bedrock. For sure. And the last thing on Founders Fund, just takeaways from working with Peter and I think he's become over time like this mythical figure. But when you talk to people who are spending a lot of time with him, he's actually very rational. He's very kind of pragmatic, except like, what do you take away from working with somebody like that? Well, lots to start.  that I took away would be you have to analyze businesses, things that happen in life, the world, on all of these different layers. And actually the most interesting and important insights are on these subtextual layers. And so that leads one to actually, you need to be quite interdisciplinary. So you need to think about the psychology around a business. You need to think about the psychology of the founders, psychosocially, why other investors might need to be  questions to yield, very important insights. And then obviously the sort of ethos of questioning things that most folks would just assume are true, questioning conventional wisdom and always trying to get to your own perspective. And the only way you can learn that is really through an osmosis of working with someone for a really long period of time. And so you can't teach in a class, you sort of have to observe it firsthand.  now partner at Bedrock, Eric Stromberg. He was actually the first entrepreneur I invested in at Founders Fund right after I joined. He was building a Netflix for eBooks called Oyster. We'd been friends before that. I then worked with him as a board member and he was the CEO. And we had sort of a very unique, a very unique ying and yang in terms of business partnership. And I'd never lost my desire to build something of my own. And so it was sort of this question of, is there a way to do what we love doing, which is venture  So, so far, so good. Yeah. And what does that look like when you say kind of build these concentrated bets? Because I think there, that was a very popular strategy in kind of the early days of venture capital, you know, Sequoia's first one, I think had like nine investments in it, right? And then we went through a phase of like, we'll call it spray and pray, right? Where it was, let's put 30, 40, 50 companies in a fund. And now, you know, there's you guys, I think even like the, the Chamath and kind of social capital world, there's a couple of people who are saying, Hey, wait a minute, this  and you like your existing investors, they don't mess with you. They give you advice, they're sounding boards, but they don't try and run the business for you, which is something that we're very religious about. We don't want to run the business for the founders. You shouldn't actually have to waste time going up and down Sand Hill Road, pitching a lot of firms. The capital's just be very easy to get as you hit milestones as you grow. So in practice, we've done that with RigUp, which is a marketplace for blue-collar labor. And we invested initially in the Series B right  have to have the right chemistry with the founders. I mean, not every VC is for every founder. I'm not for everyone. Not every founder is for me. Eric, same thing. You sort of have to have that chemistry. And if you have that, you can really concentrate capital into the ones that are working. So the strategy is basically, if they're good, we don't ever want anyone else to see them. And part of this strategy is you'll invest C, Series A. Do you want to come in in the kind of A or the B?  optimize for, you actually can't really have any other rules because doing that in and of itself is just so hard. It's this crazy search problem. You've got to find these companies somehow and you have to get to a narrative that you actually believe that's true as an investment team on why over many years we can scale up a position such that it can return the entire fund. That leads us to being pretty agnostic in terms of when we first get involved. I'd say that seeds  million dollars a piece. I love it. One of the things that you you were very loud about early on that I think people kind of were like, what the hell is he talking about? And now has become a popular term is a narrative violation. And when I first saw you say it on Twitter, I literally remember saying to myself, like, I don't know if he's right or not, but that is going to fucking fly if it catches on because it's just such a clear articulation.  his  VCs, as everyone knows, tend to be incredibly heard like. And these popular narratives can really lead to very frenzied behavior. And we want to always, always avoid those. And so I think where we initially, I think I initially heard the term on maybe as a Jordan Peterson podcast, I think he may have used it. He's in a very different context. We use it in an investing context. We're talking about markets, companies. I think he used it in sort of a different context. And it sort of stuck with us and we wanted to see, could we build out  this is like in investing, the best investments to make are the non-consensus investment and you got to be right. Right? So if you do something different than everyone else and you're right, there's a lot of money to be made. If you do something that's different than everyone else and you're wrong, then like you're just the idiot, right? It's kind of the way I think about it. And so, um, the narrative violation, it's not just about, Hey, everyone thinks X is true. We're going to go do Y it's you have to have a reason for it. Right? And I think that's the part that kind of gets lost. And now that it's being overused, it's like almost become cool. Uh,  We'll keep narrative violation over here. You know our name sounds similar bedrock benchmark. So we need some differentiation from that man. So I think Howard Marks is the first one to say is to say it in like a I think it's like a 1992 I'll probably get the year wrong But I think he was one of the first people to say like look you gotta have to do something different than everyone else and be right He was talking about it more like fixed income type stuff But but but benchmark might have borrowed that from interesting. Well, I will I think that I do think the sort of incremental  critical of and that's sort of an additional lens that you can apply as an investor to finding these companies. Narrative mirage is another part of this, right? So it's kind of the narrative violation is the thing that is different, but also these narrative mirages are the things that everyone's talking about that actually may be incorrect. I know you guys have some thoughts here like around scooters and things like that. Maybe talk a little bit about how you think about the narrative mirage. Certainly. So I'd say one that we thought has been a narrative mirage for a while has actually been  We think a lot of these D2C businesses are narrative mirages and now just recently the narrative's very sharply turned against them. You only need more or two of them to get in the public market and get slammed. The Casper IPO, you have the brandless bankruptcy and this all very unfortunate stuff and these are great founders. It sucks, it's happening. You have the Casper IPO, the brandless bankruptcy. You've got the FTC stopping the Harry's acquisition. I mean, that must just be brutal if you think you've sold your company and now you're  You know, I think that is gonna be long-term, right? And yeah, I think we're aligned on that and this and the scooter craze which we've which we've been very Very consistent on that. We are we are very skeptical of we think it's a narrative mirage and and and and it's sort of this This this market where it sort of works particularly well on every narrative layer And so if you sort of unpack it, you know, so they're all these layers to narratives. You've got founder you've got company  of this nice electric scooters, man. Nice thought that we can all just ride around on our electric scooters. It doesn't matter if it's 20 degrees outside and snowing or raining or whatever, we'll still just ride the electric scooters everywhere. Inconvenient, they don't work when the weather's not great. They don't really work very well on steep hills, but we just ignore those problems. We've got this climate change issue so we can all ride our electric scooters. There's a sense in which when it's hyper good for society and you can draw a straight line to this category that has  So heavily convicted on that given you guys are fairly critical of other things that people are excited about Rick said in 2017 There's a lot of people excited about crypto. We didn't do anything in 20. We didn't do anything. No, okay So when did you guys start to do things in crypto? Was that more like 18 bear market? I'm not gonna say exactly what we've done But we we we did we yes we we we we got involved in crypto at a at a very at a moment in time when it was very unpopular to do anything in crypto  up into a subscription business, I think it's like 10 bucks a month, 60 bucks a year. And if you subscribe, you now get access to, quote unquote, the best sports reporting on the planet. The business has grown very nicely. And then you guys just made a pretty big investment. So what's the thought process there? Cool. So yeah, that's another one where we've made a number of investments. So we've scaled into it over three separate financing rounds. So we always like to start with the entrepreneurs and the founders and sort of rewind to shortly before we started  business  of the actual content creators. And then you need some sort of winner take all dynamic on a market by market level. And so with the athletic, what's so interesting about sports is in any given market, there are a handful of teams or a handful of sports that people are really passionate about. There are a handful of writers that people do passionately follow. And if you can actually, by having great retention through a paid subscription,  of them. And then if you retain for two years, I think it's sort of 95% of folks from year one to year two, stick around. And so, you know, and the business today, you know, they've got over 600,000 paying subs, the business date has just been really mostly just written content. And so if you think about all of the different areas they can go, they've started doing audio now, started expanding into Europe. I'd imagine they would do video in the future. So it's sort of this  and the driver of revenue for all of these local newspapers has been the sports section. That's what drives all of the ad revenue. And so the question is, well, what's going to replace all of these local newspapers? And we think it is going to be the athletic. Yeah. So this is super interesting because my father recently calls me and he goes, hey, I went to go read an article in the newspaper of a very rural area in North Carolina. We're talking, can't be more than  And part of it is the quality. Some of it is just like what could possibly be going on there that you can't get somewhere else, right? Kind of that idea of you have to have content that other people don't have. But when you then look at it and you say, well, if something like the athletic comes and takes away the need for me to check the scores, right? And kind of that component, there's really no reason for it, right? And yeah, maybe they write it about a local business or whatever, but it changes the dynamic of this. And part of what I think to me is so interesting  And we think the long-term trajectory looks more like a Netflix type business. We'll see if we're right on a 10 year time horizon. So this brings into question kind of media in general. And before we started recording, we were talking about kind of these new media models, right? So you see the Barstool Sports, you see the Athletic, things like Substack have come out. There's Morning Brew is a large email newsletter, et cetera. Do you guys kind of generally think that the old media model outside of maybe the New York Times and a couple of others,  One could do a counterfactual experiment of if social media had existed 60 years ago. Would we have all of the media institutions we have? Would they've actually lost their credibility a long time ago when anyone can fact check an article when CEOs can have their own audiences and can publish their own thinking into their own audiences and the public can decide who's more credible, the CEO or the journalist.  I'm pretty convinced that media is going to just be increasingly decentralized. Maybe in 100 years, the New York Times is not even going to exist. They've often been critical of companies like Facebook for having a dual-class share structure, which will enable Mark to run it forever. Sullsberger also has the dual-class share structure of the New York Times. They get to run it forever, but their forever might not be forever.  to do it. And I really do think we're heading in that direction. And then one of the other great developments, I think, is that the folks that are written about actually are able to tell their side of the story. And so, you know, you have, I feel like the FedEx CEO letter, there was an article about FedEx in the Wall Street Journal, the FedEx vault, it was very inaccurate. And the FedEx CEO was able to sort of write a letter and get it distributed. I think many more people read the letter from the CEO than read the actual Wall Street Journal article.