 All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Michael here. We've been hanging out for a little bit. So we figured we'd probably turn the microphones on and start actually recording. Thank you so much for coming to do this. We got tons of talk about and frankly, I want to learn about ETFs. I'm super excited to be here. I mean, the last 45 minutes,  So did I wear North Carolina Charlotte I did spend some time in Chapel Hill. I know you guys have that presence there. I went to NC State actually very cool. I was a Duke fan. Yeah, that triangle. So every every friend I had was a Carolina fan or a state fan and they all thought I was weird for being a dude. I when I was a kid, I was pretty good at chess and debate and that paid for me to go to school and I studied philosophy and religion.  to me it was always like they were trying to teach people how to argue and it seemed like the people who were just good at arguing to begin with like had this natural inclination but the education of how to argue or debate didn't really seep in in like high school, et cetera. Did you have a different experience actually going through it? No, you're a hundred percent right. It was really process. We said we'd go some rabbit holes here. So here's one.  final rounds there's usually three judges. Okay. But in the, you know, usually you do like six rounds and then you're in the finals, but that's my crowning achievement, the first ever tie. That's pretty good. Yeah. Well, maybe it'd be better to win, but a tie. I was definitely losing, so I'll go for the tie. Got it. All right. So you go to school, chess, debate, et cetera. What do you do after school? So my grandmother passes away and my grandfather's left up here alone. And I think before I figure out what I'm going to do with my life, let me go to New York and take care of my  gold chain, everything I'm envisioning right now. Everything. Whipping to Lexus, working on the stock exchange floor, probably slamming donuts in the morning, the whole nine yards. Right at 1999ish. Yeah. 1999, 2000. Money falling from the sky, bonuses are inflated. Yep. I mean, Eddie didn't know what he did. I know what he did. What did he actually do? He was a clerk for Susquehanna or Bear Hunter. I don't think it exists anymore, but it became Goldman or something. So what do the clerks do? Nothing anymore.  And my grandfather gives me a pair of like alligator shoes. They were the most uncomfortable freaking things I've ever seen. And I look good, though. No, I looked I looked like a 22 year old lost kid who did not belong there. Who was a philosophy and religion major who's about to fuck up Wall Street? Yes. Yes. He's going to write this amazing critique. I knew nothing. OK. So I get there and immediately actually fall in love with it. It was like a meritocracy. Right. It really wasn't.  Yeah.  No answer. And then somebody wanted to talk to you and it was just reel them in to get them to buy a stock. 100 percent. Yes. That's fucking crazy. So so you'll appreciate the North Carolina connection. I'm working at First Union in New York. Nobody in New York knows what First Union is. Everybody in the South does still had a Southern accent. I know you don't believe it now. You're hearing me now sound like you're Joey from the Bronx. Yeah. All right. I sound like the kid who got me into the exchange. But I was calling North Carolina businesses and they're telling me to sell them global  That's what I mean, but I learned what not to do. Yeah, it's almost like there was a very binary outcome there. Either you did something good for you or you did something. Yeah. Makes sense. That's been the biggest problem with finance for a long time. Actually, that's what I do love about ETFs. I know we're going to get there eventually, but it's that transparency. It's that client alignment. That's why I got there eventually. Yeah. What's the craziest thing you saw? Like the Wolf of Wall Street, the boiler room, like, what's the craziest thing you saw?  to  at the New York Stock Exchange doing an internship. And I didn't know this, but next door to the stock exchange, there's like a building attached to the actual stock exchange. It's an office complex for like executive center. And one of the buildings, one of the offices up there, I forget it was like Hustler magazine or something. And that was like the talk of a bunch of the traders, et cetera, was they were always looking for excuses. How do they go up there? Because it was all filled with, you know, porn and all this kind of stuff. It's amazing what entertainment  is still down there. He's still a floor governor or something like that. You see him on TV every day. You just don't know it.  That's why there's 500 instead of 10,000. Yeah. So how do you go from learning everything not to do to Horizon? What was that like? So Horizon was like eye-opening. It was such a different mentality, right? It was like they were managing their own money, plus they had this internet fund, even though they didn't believe in the internet, but they wanted to diversify. And it was all about how do we find things that everybody else is ignoring? Actually, that's why they're in crypto now. Like they're one of the few RIAs that actually do it.  The first ever fund that could give you liquid exposure to gold was launched right at the end of 2004. And so all of our big clients, the Soros's and the Einhorns who wanted gold exposure, now weren't getting it through the miners. They were getting it directly through the commodity. And we realized, well, Murray and Peter and them realized I was still pretty young. ETFs are threatening the business of two and 20. ETFs are threatening the business of 125 on the market.  some of these, we like incubated them in our offices to learn that whole creation, redemption, all that sort of stuff. Fast forward to 2012, I said, it's time to do this on my own. And I started Tarosa. What's the biggest thing you took away from working at Horizon? Oh, stay with what you love. Right. So I loved the research part of Horizon. I loved the trading part. I loved  Yeah, absolutely. And so what was the general idea? You said, hey, I want to go do this on my own, but was it, I want to go invest in ETFs, I want to create ETFs. Like what was kind of that original idea that you had that really pushed you over the edge to leave? So for all you entrepreneurs out there, your first idea sucks. Your first 10 probably suck. So our idea was nobody has ever looked at ETFs under the hood. They've all said, if it says it's small cap, it must be, and I'm going to buy the cheap small cap.  years, we completely floundered while we built a brand around research and content and technology to look at ETFs, we were impossible for us to get in assets to actually manage of portfolios of ETFs. I think we stayed at 30 million in AUM for the first three years. Miserable. Yeah. And so as you're doing that, do you think, hey, we made a mistake and this doesn't work? Or do you think that we just got to kind of plug, keep plugging along and then we'll  work for Global X funds using the research and technology, and that helped grow some of the assets at Global X. So on that year three, when we said, let's keep the research, let's keep the technology, but instead of monetizing it through trying to get SMA models, let's go out and use this to help other ETF issuers grow. And the very next day we had direction as a client and then Robo Global as a client, then EMQQ as a client. Today we actually represent like 14 or 15  Cream cake is my favorite though. So first three years lost. Yep. Reposition two years of getting to sustainability and the last two or three of finding scale. OK, and so describe what the business does because you guys have kind of multiple components. Sure. So we have a truth. We oversee about two billion in assets. We have a traditional wealth management platform, you know, five or six advisors that use ETFs under our tutelage to help people invest. Then we have a traditional asset management platform  innovative things like helping Blue Cross Blue Shields, equities their cash in an ETF and helping SoFi, the student loan lender, launch four ETFs, including the first free ones. And those eight funds raised $620 million in the first year. That's crazy. It was a great year. So describe what exactly is an ETF. I think a lot of people hear ETF. They've seen all the people on Twitter or CNBC, et cetera, talking about ETFs. Like what the hell is an ETF? Okay. So I'm going to quote one of my friends, Reggie Brown.  is  They're tax efficient and they tend to be lower cost because they don't have all those embedded fees to pay the old brokers at first union that I used to work with. So it really is simply an access point. It is a better technology. It really reminds me of the precursors to what blockchain and things like that are doing to finance now. It really decentralized a lot of the original investments. And so give me some examples.  for the ETF nerds out there at aggregation site. Right. And on there, it'll tell you that as of today, there's four point four trillion in US dollars in ETFs. Four point four trillion. Four point four trillion. Damn. Okay. Average expense ratio. Nineteen basis points. Expenses. Okay. Okay. So that's pretty cheap. Right. If you think about where it's going, the open to close ratio. This is one that I love in the last 12 months for every ETF that open. No, for every  ETFs own 7.5% of all stocks based on the market cap. Yep. When we started calculating that eight years ago, it was 2.67. Got it. So 3x, essentially. Over the last seven years. For 26 years, ETFs assets have grown on average at 19.6%. So that's a private equity like kind of growth. Yeah. Annualized. Annualized. Pretty consistent. How do I just invest in that? And that number keeps going up.  industry as huge. I mentioned to you earlier, the pet care industry generates 50 billion. Here's one of the questions I've got. It seems to me like structuring the passive ETFs. There's a whole bunch of them. Let's say just SPY is an easy one. The S&P 500, I'm basically going to build that basket and I'm going to allow people access through an ETF structure to put capital in. They don't have to be a  is who's good at marketing, what they've built, or are there other things that go into the success and failure of an ETF? So there's one step before, and then everything else you said is 100% accurate. You got to get the product right. Like, I can't tell you how many people come to us and go, I've got this idea. It's very similar to something else that's out there, but I've got a better index. I'm sorry. Nobody cares about your index. But explain exactly what that means.  marketing that's going to make that work. Yeah. All people look at is you're buying the same widget and you're charging me double the fees. Exactly. That might work 20 years from now, right? Because it's how it happened in the mutual fund industry. You had the simple funds and then people came out with a more complicated version and it built on it. Right now, 99% of ETF investors are looking at the exposure. They're not looking under the hood. I thought eight years ago I could start getting them to look under the hood. I'm eight years in and maybe it's gone from 100%  Brilliant. Okay. 5G and how did they construct it? Like what's in the underlying assets? It's all the companies that are in, I mean, they're going to be in some of the other indexes as well, obviously, but it's the Qualcomm's and all that that are involved. Horizon, ATT. Rolling it out. But they packaged it all in one nice clean sector. They worked with a good indexer. Not like some of these specialty thematic things. You don't really want to go to the old school indexers, right? Because they're going to market cap  I would have thought that it was much more what I would call not dumb as in like it's stupid, but like dumb as in not intelligent data driven marketing. So like, how do I get on television? How do I write a blog? Like that type of stuff. Not so much like I know that I spend $3 and I get a customer and that customer's worth $27 and it's more like data driven acquisition. So when I was at Global X, we started writing a blog. I was like, oh, I'm not going to write a blog. I'm not going to write a blog.  So at Global X, we did things like ticker targeting, right? So if we had a competitive fund to somebody else and they looked up on Yahoo Finance, that competitive fund, guess what? Our ad showed up, right? Nobody had thought to do that in the finance world. When we started talking to the regulators about it and our compliance, they're like, you know, I mean, you know how it is. Most hedge funds, they don't want to talk to the press. You know, with ETFs, you want the masses to know because you're  that I want this. Like when we did the originally launched the blockchain ETF, we were watching the Google AdWords for blockchain and knowing that there's this demand. People want to figure out how to get this, right? So, you know, it was so much of a demand that the SEC was scared enough to not let us call it blockchain. So tell me, tell me the story. Tell me the story of kind of what you guys, the thought process and how you guys created that original blockchain ETF. Okay. So, this is another one of the  called us and said, I've built an index, but it's not really investable. And he said, but I'm working with this other firm. They want to do it, but they need somebody to make it investable. And all of a sudden we said, all right, the three of us are going to do it together and we're going to do it active. And that was the epiphany was, you know, three years ago when we first started this, you couldn't really do a passive version of this and get anything that's a real blockchain company. It was the fastest we've ever moved in our lives. We went from agreeing to do it,  to be low cost. And it doesn't have to be passive to be an ETF. And I will say the pioneer here is Catherine Wood in Arc. What she did to bring active management into the world of ETFs is brilliant because not only did she make it viable by being good at what she does, she did something even more important. It goes back to your marketing points. With a mutual fund, you only know what you own like 35 or 45 days later. So you're not allowed to talk about what you own. With an ETF,  Really? Yeah. So you can see why people might be attracted. Yeah, absolutely. And Kathy was been on the on the podcast before. I think part of what has made her so successful is not only one, her investments and kind of the conviction she has, but in the marketing, but also on top of that, she really embraces the idea that anyone can, quote unquote, participate by kind of open sourcing and open allowing participation in her research meetings, et cetera. And it's just  wasn't easy, you know, but I'm very happy for. Yeah, absolutely. And so as you look at the passive versus active, you guys decided to go with the active model for the blockchain ETF. What was going into that actual ETF? Like when people think of blockchain companies, most of them are private, not public. Absolutely. And that that was really hard in the beginning. It's why, you know, my partner Guillermo kept saying, build it, build it. And I kept saying, it's not ready, not ready. And then they have  I'm at some point when the big banks want to really get in there, they're gonna have to build it or they just buy Silvergate. Like that's a great one. Canon, you know, a six chips maker, like pure play, minor and chip maker. Yep. One connect financial. These are some that came out last year, but we've also got things like HUD eight and hive, a galaxy digital, Novogratz's company. I mean, it's a merchant banking company. You know, they're stakes and ethos and stakes and HUD eight.  big fang names, not so much anymore, right? If I look through my top 10, there's maybe two names that the average investor would recognize. For sure. As you look out at the space, what are the things that are coming down the pipe that are in the private markets that you're saying, hey, when this gets into public market investors' hands or they can get exposure, whether through ETF or otherwise, you're like, that's going to be a really big moment?  play because a lot of the private stuff is partially owned by SBI Holdings or Softbank or Digital Garage or Accenture has an arm here, Citigroup's invested here, JP Morgan, they all have taken these little stakes, MasterCard's gone all in. I think that for the public markets, that's the net. Now, the other end of it, whenever we talk ETFs, everybody wants to know about the Bitcoin ETF.  gold miner ETF and GLD is the gold ETF. So people who want to own the protocol will buy the Bitcoin ETF and people who want to use by the PICS axis and utilization of the protocol will buy the blockchain ETF. Got it. And as you think about the Bitcoin ETF, like what's your analysis of kind of where we are today? I know we're investors in Bitwise, obviously they've got one of the applications in and a mutual friend of mine of yours is Hunter.  Right? Like that is part of why we want a decentralized network. That said, we have this whole group of investors that are waiting to get in until the trusted third party of an ETF and the SEC says it's okay. Right? So the reality is it's a contradiction, right? The SEC is saying when these markets are clean and we can follow them and all that sort of stuff, then we'll let you put it in an ETF. Okay. All right. So let me give you a  I could take all every dollar that I own and I could put it all into physical cash and hide underneath my bed or I can go use centralized third parties. If I could only have it in one format, either or, right, it would drastically limit the access. Sure. Bitcoin, in my opinion, is similar in that I can own Bitcoin directly, right? And I can self custody it and kind of do all the things that is kind of that Bitcoin ethos that you're talking about, which without a doubt is super important and difficult to do.  And two is you're actually just going to bring in the people who probably weren't going to go buy it directly. Like I keep going back to anyone who knows about Bitcoin and has made the decision to invest went and bought it. Right. I agree. They're not waiting around for the ETF in my opinion. Right. Maybe there's some people who are like, we haven't made the decision yet. But if an ETF got approved, then we would do it. But if people have decided to invest, yeah, it's difficult to go to Coinbase or to go to Gemini or go to, you know, BlockFi or whoever. But it's not that difficult. No, it's not. The reality is the reason  people like NYSE are investing in Bakkt and things like that. So it's the same contradiction, but it's important to talk about it because if the average person is going to buy the Bitcoin ETF or the crypto ETF as a speculation, they need to know that the reason it has value is because it's going to replace that whole system, right? Like it is going to replace the ETF if it works. And that's when it's going to be worth an insane amount of money.  there is a lot of demand. Right? Because they look. What do you think the fee looks like on that? A reasonable one or what is likely to come? I think somebody could probably charge close to 1% because there's going to be storage costs. You think that 1%, so 100 basis points, whereas the traditional fee structure right now is on average around 19 or 20 basis points. But that's asset weighted, right? So if I, if I look at like the robotics ETF that's done extremely well, that's at 95 bips.  or maybe 75. Our blockchain ETF is at 70 bips. Nobody's complaining there. We're doing a lot of active research. We got to sit down with Novogratz and Overstock and the Japanese companies, Digital Garage, meet all the IRs, figure out if Riot's a real company or not. We're being paid for doing the research. Absolutely. And so when you look at that, Bitcoin ETF gets approved, billion dollar fund in a couple of months.  of  the mania that was happening. Now for us, honestly, it was one of the best things that could happen. There's an irony here because we had a great ticker, BLOK. Everybody knew what it was. What is it actually called? The Amplified Transformational Data Sharing ETF. Jesus Christ. The Amplified Data Sharing... Amplify Transformational Data Sharing ETF. I don't think I've said that in two and a half years. Yeah. AKA blockchain.  back to the statement earlier, I think once it proves itself out, I don't think people will need the ETF anymore. I agree. You know, I agree. We'll see. We'll see. When do you think it gets approved? Does the ETF get approved while Jay Clayton's in office? I don't know. That's a cop out answer. No, no, but I'm going to give I'm going to give a little more. I would have bet this year because this year meaning 2019 or 2020, 2020, 2020. We're recording this February, 2020.  the future is we're trading well, they're not going to do this. So all the things that I thought we're going to get it there aren't. Here's the wild card. We got our halving coming. We don't know what's going to happen. I love your warnings on Twitter all the time. You know, gotta be careful and you got to do your own research. I agree with it, but listen, cause here's why you ready? Because people accuse me all the time of never saying negative things or never saying the warnings. And so I say, you know what? Fine. Everyone, that's your biggest knock.  say, oh, the crypto winter is coming to an end and the halving is coming. But that's the wild card. Do you not? You don't think it's over. I am. Well, I'm so on the record here that I'm afraid to say how bullish I am. All right. Well, tell us some of why you're bullish. I just I see the actual companies involved actually using the technology not for bullshit anymore. Right. So I agree.  drove me insane. And that was basically when everything was crashing, right? Utility token this, utility token that. And then in the last call it 18 months, I've watched so much happen with security token and