 All right, guys, bang bang. I've got Rich here. He doesn't know I'm going to say this, but I think that you're probably recognized as the best TMT analyst on Wall Street. Is that flattering? It's flattering, but is it true? Some people will say that. Some would say most hated, but it just depends on your perspective.  radio station up in Boston at Brandeis. I was calling basketball games. I almost went to Newhouse to do sports broadcasting and ended up in finance because that was my other passion was finance and sort of have combined the two of media, sports and finance all into one, which is covering the broad media tech space and started at Goldman, spent eight years there, have been in a couple of other firms in between. But the idea has always been about covering media and tech companies. And so I've been covering  the reality is I think it gives us really unique perspective on the space to look back over a 24 year plus period and see how this industry has evolved because there's been a lot of change. We're sitting here on a podcast and you think like my first year at Goldman in 95, the only thing technologically going on in the media space was the creation of the DVD and the predecessor to Direct TV was pushing satellite television at the time and that was technology in 1995. And now we could spend hours  We really try to understand where the world is going. I think you can't do that in the media space broadly without really getting into the early stage startups that are playing out. And we've seen that time and time again of how all of this disruption has impacted. I mean, look at what Netflix. I mean, you think about Netflix, which was a DVD company when I first started looking at it. And now you look at how every media company is evolving. You have to really spend a lot of time on the startup  But it all comes back to it's driving this kind of ultimate flywheel of you learn more from the private community. I think it makes you a better analyst in the public markets in terms of how do you analyze these companies and get smart on these companies. And you know, that also creates more windows into what are the things that are missing or what are the missing pieces or problems that the public companies are facing that the private sphere can address or try to fix. And I think you're seeing that flywheel really play out. And I think it's been from our research standpoint, I think it's been what really differentiates us  left in July and in September started up LightShed. And LightShed is essentially in its initial creation is a research platform. So we're writing research at lightshedtmt.com. We are building out our research subscription business. We will add, we were talking before the show, talking about we want to get our own podcast started in 2020. We want to build out LightShed Ventures. But what you see today is essentially a content business focused on helping our clients.  very traditional public market investment funds allocating a portion of their portfolio to private investing. And I think our access to private companies is a real value add for a lot of investors, no matter whether they're in the public sphere, private sphere, or across across the two. For sure. Before we get into what I think is more of the mainstream topics, I want to talk about some of the new media models that we're seeing. The first and probably the one that I think about the most is barstool sports. So for those that don't know, barstools,  ESPN would break it down or a bleacher report break it down. This is where you really go for kind of the comedic take on everything that's happening in the world, the wide world of sports globally, especially the more entertainment chart, which is definitely driven by the comedy. But what they've now morphed into, they took an investment from churning. Then they brought in kind of professional leadership. They've really built a big business, about $100 million in annualized revenue now. And they just did the deal with Penn to kind of pen gaming, pen gaming to push more into kind of the gambling  trading floor, walk almost anywhere on the East Coast, Midwest, and even parts of the West Coast. And you'll walk into a dorm room, girls and guys, and you'll see barstool merchandise, barstool posters, you'll see chicks in the office. You'll see so much barstool branding. There is such a passion for the brand. And I think that's what's really important is that Dave Portnoy and Erica Nardini, the CEO,  And you think about what you can do with that passionate, loyal fan base. And there's lots of things. And I think one of the things obviously with the pensaw in this transaction was the ability to drive them instead of going to DraftKings or to Fandool, drive them to pens apps to gamble, especially as mobile gambling and mobile sports betting takes off over the next, you know, take a lot of time for legalization to play out across the entire country. But state by state, you're certainly seeing it in New Jersey. You know, obviously, Fandool and DraftKings have dominated this space. If you want to break in,  of businesses that you and I have grown up with tend to rely on advertising. And this is one, especially digital media businesses. And I'm thinking, you know, if you think about historically the vices, the refinery 29s, I mean, you go through the list, they traditionally rely on advertising. And I think more and more of them are now converting into studio businesses. But if you see Barstool, they really, you know, from a very early on, it was commerce and transactional from a merch standpoint was a huge part of their business. And so really rethinking  Like if you want to wear a t-shirt of a digital media brand, that really means something. And I think there's very few where you'd actually want to wear that brand and people would go, Oh my God, you're a social, you know, I'm a stoolie too. Yeah. So I looked at the deck that a pen gaming put out on the acquisition and 31% and 32% to about 63% of the total revenue of the businesses in podcast advertising and merchandise. And to me it was that it was so backwards compared to every other media brand.  worn when I was growing up. I mean, I don't think it's, I think it's very different now. I think ESPN to most people now means a live sports event that they'd go to to watch a live game on, you know, a Saturday evening, a college football game or a college basketball game. I don't think that they think of the brand in the same way that they used to. But I think a lot of media brands are like that. I mean, MTV doesn't mean what it, you know, what I think about what MTV meant to me growing up and, you know, tuning in for the top hundred video countdown into New Year's.  digital or a lot of these legacy media brands have not kind of stayed up with what is quote unquote hip and cool for the consumer. Yeah. We'll get to music in a second. But yesterday I tweeted a photo. I was in a Starbucks and it had a we're hiring kind of chalkboard that had all of their benefits outlayed. And one of them was you get a free online education from Arizona State University. You get 50 percent off the food. You get all these different things. And then one of it was a free Spotify premium account. And I literally tweeted  And I think it's that constant iteration is something that a lot of the traditional media companies struggle with is that they don't live in that cycle of constant iteration. And I think as they've tried to get into tech, it's been one of the real challenges they face is that they don't live on an every week refreshment cycle for a new feature. They live in months, if not a year cycle for planning things. And I think it hurts them as they try to break into tech. Yeah. So this is part of the bar stool magic sauce, right? Is this something can happen. They can turn around t-shirts and merchandise, et cetera, within an actual day.  All this kind of goes together hand in hand.  millions of people paying a lot of money in their cable bill every month. The Barcel model is obviously a very different cost model where you're able to do a tremendous amount with a relatively slim content budget. Well, during those live games, what are they doing? They're literally sitting in front of a phone basically propped up and they're filming themselves reacting to the game, right? Which is an amazing hack as to how you get around the licensing. Absolutely. I mean, I think Barcel has been very creative in how they, you know,  plus has started to actually get people to pay and they've got I think seven and a half million or so subscribers. Is this where all of media goes or is there still room for the non subscription based business model? Yeah, look, for a second, let's just push ESPN plus to the side because I think it's a little bit of a new case. I think if you look at the New York Times and the Athletic, they've both been great examples of when you put up a paywall and you basically tell people they've got to pay for something and you have content people want, people pay. Now, I mean, clearly the New York Times is benefiting  this new business, but it really is underlaid by the idea that there is content that people will pay for. Maybe it's not as many people as we're reading for free online, but that there's a business of people that will absolutely pay for these things. And you've seen lots of examples of audiences that will pay for something. You look at a crunchy role that has several million subscribers for for for Japanese anime, the athletic. When you take the best writers in sports out of the publications they're reading and say, this is the only place you  is probably in that 35, 40 plus range. It's a Costco membership. Costco, I think 60 bucks a year. This is not expensive. This is not expensive. And I think there, look, it may not be the scale. I mean, you have to separate when you think about subscription businesses, not everything is going to be Netflix with 160 million subscribers. Not everything is going to be Amazon Prime with their global subscriber base. You have to put kind of the lens of like, is this a good business? Can you create a successful business with a group of passionate, loyal  So I think he's been very smart in targeting the sports that have real tribal audiences and going after kind of the talent and locking up that key talent in industry, you know, called traditional publishing, newspaper publishing, that's in, you know, secular decline. I mean, leave the times aside, the rest of the entire industry is in deep trouble and it's not getting better. ESPN Plus, I just wanted to come back to you for a second. It's sort of in a different universe. You know, ESPN Plus is sort of the long-term subscription life raft for ESPN.  It's the exact opposite of taking a day off from work and waiting for the charter service person to come to your house and disconnect your cable and then having to install it again. And then sort of a painful, and just waiting on hold to make that happen, to get someone to come to your house or to go to your house is nearly impossible. So now you live in a world where in the time it takes me to say, cancel, you could go on your phone and cancel one of these services. And so the churn dynamics are tremendously different.  ties to kids and people want to have that around as kind of a constant babysitter. But in terms of high profile content for an adult, there hasn't been anything new on Disney Plus since Mandalorian ended in December. There's a new show on Netflix every single day. Yeah. And it's very topical, right? I mean, everything from the Aaron Hernandez type documentary to the latest movie or their originals, etc. It kind of spans the gamut. Yeah. Well, I think it's an important reminder of if you're trying to build a mass audience product. And I when I think about mass audience, meaning  their problem was something like Game of Thrones ends and you turn off. Not me, but lots, millions of people turn off when a big show ends because there isn't a show every single day. There isn't a show for your kids. There isn't a rom-com. There have to be titles for everyone in the household. And so you may not care about, to all the boys I love, number two or whatever the show is, but it's not for you. It's for someone else in your household. It's for your kids or whatever. And it's recognizing that in order  at these low price points, it goes back to this idea of like who's winning the people who are actually making things that people want.  business model. I mean, you're never, nobody, you know, I always think about from a standpoint of Netflix, how many Netflix subscribers are there that don't want it? Like that literally pay for Netflix and don't want it. Numbers got to be very small, where there's lots of people who pay for a cable bundle. And there's lots of channels that they have no interest in, including the really expensive ones. I mean, when you realize it's something like MSG networks that my colleague, partner Brandon Ross covers, like, you're paying $8 a month for that. Yes, network, you're probably paying six to 650 a month for  most ambitious content is going direct to consumer and consumers are just finding new outlets for entertainment. And I think those out, it's not just things like Netflix and video. It's also the athletic, like you're reallocating your entertainment budget to a wider array of options than you've ever had. And not all of it is traditional video. The way we think of video, it may be something like headspace, you know, or it may be calm. I mean, I think there's a whole array of, of where you spend your time apps. They're going to go well beyond the,  about a topic, lifestyle topic, that you can build real fandom around, real kind of habitual behavior and use that audience, use the passion of that audience for your content and do other things with. And so I think, you know, we're still really early in that evolution, but I think if you look at some of these brands that are trying to replicate that level of passion and use it to monetize across a number of different ways, whether it's affiliate marketing, whether it's sponsorship, there's, you know, the challenge that brands face  they don't subscribe. And so the challenge as this number keeps shrinking and even the people that still have it, they're watching less and less. So the challenge for our marketers, how do you reach consumers in 2020 and beyond? And we forget about where we are today, but what about in five years? You know, when that 80 becomes 60 or that 80 becomes 50, how do you reach consumers? And so I think all of these brands are trying to figure out, yes, you can spend on Facebook, you can spend on Google, you can spend on Twitter, you can spend on Snapchat, but everyone's trying to figure out how do you create a real  on the podcast side and then turning it into merchandise sales. I think everyone's going to have to figure out new models because the reality is advertisers are dying to figure out how do they reach consumers in 2020 because it's just getting a lot harder to get the same reach. They're paying a lot more. Every year they pay more for less and less reach. And so the question is, how do you make up that gap? And it's a, I don't have any crystal ball. I mean, you talk, you know, you bring a CMO onto this podcast. This is a real fundamental challenge that all of these brands are facing.  My, uh, my fiance, uh, started telling me about it and basically it's a woman who created an email. She sends it, uh, and it's kind of around the like self care, right? So if you're a woman, you want to stay and you want to do your facials, paint your nails, all this kind of stuff, but it's perfectly built to suggest products and brands to people who are specifically interested in this. And so you see the media, like what Michelle fan built up on you to bring with her passionate fan base and then built ipsy around it. And you know, look, the reality is everyone is trying,  talking in this case, whether we're talking Viacom, whether we're talking Fox, whether we're talking, you know, go through the list of, you know, even HBO and for the vast majority of its subscribers and even Disney for most of its relationships, they don't know who you are. They don't know who I am. Right. I mean, they don't have a direct relationship with us. They live in a world where they get Nielsen ratings and the data, you know, ABC puts a show up and they get a Nielsen report the next day and it's extrapolated from 40,000 homes of what we think people did the night before. Whereas Facebook  and you're going to see the same ads that I see, not to mention every single other person in New York state and other than the few local ads that are inserted, everyone in the entire country is seeing the same ads. It doesn't matter whether you have interest in those products or not. And so TV in many ways is the exact opposite of the Facebooks. And I think the beauty of what Facebook's shown, especially with Instagram is Cheryl and the team have really built essentially the holy grail of advertising, right? Where they've actually tied in with the same ads  before the world cup, you know, like there are certain ads that you go, that was awesome. But it's very few and far between. Absolutely. When we leave the ad world and we get into the kind of streaming wars that are going on, I had to make a list on that. Okay. Why? Well, I just hate the idea that it's a streaming war between each other. When I think the reality is, is that what's actually happening is consumers are, are leaving traditional linear TV and they're embracing a wide array of streaming services. Like I don't think Netflix is gains are Disney's  and renting movies and now entertainment dollars are shifting to an array of streaming services, whether it's Netflix or Disney Plus or Hulu or Prime Video. And some of them don't even have incremental costs, right? I mean, you are a T-Mobile subscriber and the team over there gives you Netflix for free. You sign up for Verizon Unlimited plan and you're getting Disney Plus at least for year one for free. And so this idea that one's gain is another's loss is just a fallacy.  football, you know, for the ones that are diehard NBA fans or diehard MLB fans. Yeah. They're probably going to have to subscribe to a YouTube TV or Hulu. Hulu has live sports. Now when you watch that Superbowl spot and it's like, okay, the reality is those are great services, right? Think about it from the consumer standpoint. If you're just a fan of the NFL, you can sign up for Hulu live or YouTube TV. You can sign up from August until February and then cancel. You don't need to be a subscriber for the full year. Whereas no one ever called up Comcast and canceled halfway through the year.  and access across. I mean, the fact that I could watch YouTube TV right here, any of my channels and the same thing if I'm in Los Angeles versus my spectrum, which is essentially tied to my house and is clunky even in my house. It's amazing. These things are still relatively small, you know, roughly call it 9 million of the 80 million homes with multi-channel television are taking one of these kind of over the top streaming bundlers of channels, which is still amazing.  video outside of live sports. So forget about the live sports for a second. Just when you look at who's creating content, what are the platforms, what's each one's angle and how does that landscape kind of play out over time? Netflix, obviously it's all they have, right? I mean, their entire business is they need you to subscribe to Netflix for the bundle of video content that they're aggregating for you, increasingly their own content, but it's probably 50-50 there versus third party and it's moving more  is so powerful at Netflix and it's just not built into the DNA of traditional media companies. And as they convert from linear TV into the streaming world, their greatest challenge is understanding that it's not just about putting a streaming application up, it's about learning and leveraging the data and evolving the model and seeing what people do and being willing to cancel shows because the price value doesn't make sense relative to the number of, you actually know how many people are watching. Like you know, theoretically they know  been successful is using the data to inform decision making. It doesn't make any show better. It's not like they can say they can't take a bad show and make it better simply by having data. But I think they can learn what types of shows people really like, what types of content, what genres to go into, where to go deep, how well is international content working in one market versus another, what's missing from the offering, where could they add more content. I think that is really powerful. But to your question on the landscape overall, you've got Netflix by far the default clear leader in the category.  But I want to come back to the philosophy here of like why isn't Amazon or Apple in this world? It's it's all about keeping you in the ecosystem for long time and attention. Yes. They want more of your time and attention. The more time you spend with Amazon, the more you're going to purchase. Like the only reason they do Amazon Prime Video, I believe, is not because they like think it's for the good of their heart. They want to give you free movies and TV shows like Mrs. Meisel to watch. They actually believe that if you watch Mrs.  to HBO through Apple. I didn't realize I could do that. Let me subscribe to HBO through Apple. So now I'm sending even more time on my Apple devices. And then I'm like, well, I'm even more wedded. And, you know, not that churn is a problem for Apple, which my colleague, Walt Pisey covers, but it just keeps you in the ecosystem and it creates a services layer on top of the equipment that Apple hasn't had before. And so it plays into this. How do you build this robust services layer? It's through great content and people. Let's go back to where we started with the cable bundle. People spend a lot of time and a lot of money.  they're sending out to their members, their subscribers, and they're saying, you know, would you like to come to the parks? We can offer members a discount or we can get in early to the parks or, you know, what are the membership has its privileges, benefits of being part of the Disney plus club. We haven't really seen that yet. Right now it's just about content on the service. But I imagine over time that this will go far beyond just simply, you know, a subscription fee of five or 699 a month. Yeah. So two things. One is, uh, the membership model obviously drives for  that they're pushing. Is it because you need to build up critical mass first and then you kind of pull that trigger or is it something else that's kind of holding them back from kind of jumping into that connection of subscriber to other types of services and experiences? It's a really good question. I mean, if I think kind of holistically about the question you're asking, I mean, certainly a company like Disney has been the best at making use of it, right? I mean, you create movies and then you build theme park rides around  conversation. Everybody's trying to create IP that can be leveraged above and beyond the core business. This is not just about the video subscription business. It's about understanding the customer. Look, for a company like Amazon, it may be enough to just know that this is one more reason you don't leave the prime ecosystem, which has a lot of value to Amazon in terms of purchase behavior. But they're also probably learning a lot. I mean, we haven't gotten to music yet, but when you think about what you listen to in music, what you watch on video probably says a lot about who you are and  has really served its purpose for somebody is they remember the price that they probably paid initially, but if that price is moved up, you don't see kind of a higher degree of churn. You don't see the elasticity, et cetera. Yeah, look, Netflix grew slower this year and they cited the price increase actually as the key driver of why they grew slower. Grew slower, but not increase in churn. Definitely an increase in churn. Okay, there was an increase. There was an increase in churn, but they didn't lose subs. How many businesses can raise price by 20% and still gross  the beauty of Netflix, right, is it's easy to cancel. There's no contracts. You're not locked in. If you want to cancel Netflix while we're talking on the laptop that's sitting in front of you, it's really easy to do. So you have to believe that the beauty of Netflix is the price value is so good. I mean, $12.99 is nowhere near the right price. I mean, just think about what they're doing now. Whether or not you watched the Oscars last night, multiple Netflix movies were nominated. Some of them won. But remember, what does a movie cost?