 I'm in the room,  good question. I only ask hard questions around here. That's a really difficult question. I don't know if I can explain what my business does. So, CoinShares, a lot of people know us as an asset manager, and that's really where our roots started. We have a product line of exchange trader products in the European market under the brand XBT provider, $700 million in assets under management. So, it's a pretty sizable platform. We have four products today, a Bitcoin tracker, an Ethereum tracker, a Ripple tracker, and a Litecoin tracker.  from some of the others in the market in that they're created and redeemed on a daily basis. There's no premium on there. And they track the price of the underlying. We also have an advisory business here in the US under a broker dealer. We also have active strategies where we invest in different assets. I'm particularly focused on the venture side right now. So we do that through fund structures. And then we also have a capital markets business. We internalize a lot of our trading, a lot of our flow. And now we're looking at different ways to offer that to the market.  Yeah, I think the biggest part of the business, the way we think about it, is at the top asset management drives everything. So we are effectively a customer-facing business, and our customer is an investor who wants to get exposure to digital assets and digital currencies. And then the way that we monetize that throughout the business is not only on the management fees, but also internally on all of the flow that goes through our business. And what we're focused on now, the newer part of the business, is what I'm building here in the US, which is all of the other products  work that goes into building the right structure, the right legal footprint, the right regulatory footprint, and really building a robust infrastructure that can support all of that activity. Since we talked, you went in front of Congress, a bunch of politicians, you kind of did your rounds in that regulated world. What are the biggest lessons you learned? What are the biggest takeaways? I think takeaway number one, the most important takeaway, nobody understands  My so I got a call on a Friday afternoon and I had to submit my testimony like Sunday night, right so I had a Long time I wrote a lot of papers in school about that's pretty good. You're like Wikipedia copy paste So what was actually really interesting about it and the big plan I also have to give a shout out to the team at coin Center I had a few phone calls with them have known Jerry Robin that whole team for a while and I think they're really  they say, oh, Ripple, it's just like Bitcoin. It's like, no, that's not accurate. And so I think that was an important distinction that was made. But there's a lot of word soup that gets thrown around. And there are a lot of different people in DC trying to influence how policymakers think and how they make decisions. And the way they're describing Bitcoin and other digital currencies, as well as the capabilities of blockchain technology in a lot  their focus is going to be very different. They're going to focus on a very different narrative than say someone who's building an open source software product that supports Bitcoin and enables people to self custody and trade peer to peer to very different sets of incentives. So I don't think it's malicious, but people are ultimately motivated by incentives. Makes sense. As part of this, you got to tell us about the shit coin getting into the congressional record because  the link, the video that you can watch on YouTube. And then they'll also have the written testimony that was submitted. You actually also submit over a hundred printed copies of your testimony to chambers the day before. So I ended up writing, I think a 20 page testimony. There are a lot of boxes that got delivered to the halls of Congress the day before the hearing. And then you have five minutes to give a short kind of opening set of remarks. And then you have questioning for  In the morning that David Marcus is testifying Congressman Davidson was sitting there and he had this like funny kind of smile Smirk on his face. I was like, I don't know what's going on there But like clearly this person's very amused and then I'm sitting up there. I do my five minutes fine I'm getting grilled some hard questions great handling it And then all of a sudden he starts down this line of questioning right? He says so in in the industry people talk about Bitcoin  bit of humor into what was actually very serious and I think a very profound discussion because the potential implications obviously of Libra are massive. Well while he was doing that Twitter was going wild obviously and I've actually had him on the podcast and I would say him and Patrick McHenry both like they really get it. They get it. Yeah. And I remember before the hearings they was before the first day Patrick McHenry went on Squawk Box and Joe Kernan like threw him just a fastball right down the middle. He did a really good job  like  not even close. Crypto Twitter is so crazy and so entertaining. It's amazing. All right. Let's talk about Tesla real quick because there's a lot of people who were short very aggressively were yelling and screaming, etc. Tesla Q. Woof. Yeah, it's real. It's real. Yeah. And there's legitimate questions that they have that are unanswered. I get the whole thing. But I fundamentally always believe like you can't short one of the greatest innovators of our time, especially when he's dark. He's when you see the car. The car is legitimately better than  for like half of the finance world. Right. This is where again, it goes back to, so I studied finance in university and everyone obviously, Seminole book, Benjamin Graham, the value investor, right? So there's a large part of the world, stock pickers, what they focus on is fundamental value investing, right? So Warren Buffett does, and we can get into his investing legacy because it's like real iffy. Didn't beat the SMP for the last 10 years, but go ahead. Well, there's a lot to unpack. There's a lot to unpack there, but here's what I think  excited about Bitcoin. It sparks something in them that is like spiritual in nature. It's changed their mind. It's a mental shift in how they think about the same thing with a Tesla. The first time someone gets in a Tesla, you see it in their eyes. They're like, oh, it's a life changing experience. And what I think is interesting, nobody ever talks about automakers. Nobody gets excited about GM or Ford or Volvo or Honda. People get really excited about Tesla. Elon Musk is super interesting.  one individual that bends reality to make it happen. Okay. And this is actually really important when I, so early stage investing last six years, reality, distortion field, your job is to create a reality distortion field. It can't be too detached from reality. That's how you get, we work right way too detached from reality too far out, but you have to distort people's perception of reality enough that they believe in the magic because your job is selling magic.  was doing, the difference is that we thought he could pull it off. And what he was highlighting was like the difference between them actually pulling that off and getting into the public markets and probably being OK and having the meltdown that they had was maybe the difference of four weeks. But I think there what it boils down to is the reality distortion field was too strong. There were a few decisions that were made a few weeks prior to the S1 getting filed that pushed the distortion to  customer acquisition, all of the things you could look at, or you could break down the business on a spreadsheet in an infinite number of ways. And I've done a lot of M&A works, I know all of the tabs you could create in that spreadsheet, but at the end of the day, there's something you can never capture on a spreadsheet. There's something you can never capture in any financial analysis, and that is this intangible, like magical quality that captures the zeitgeist of a moment, and Tesla captures that zeitgeist. Everyone wants Tony Sark to be real. Fact.  in January.  Apple's dividends over the last 10 years, $700 billion, are greater than the combined market cap of 490 companies in the S&P 500. It's crazy. I think, again, people don't look rationally at the world of value investing because they're incentivized. That's how they get paid. That's the model that's been the predominant model in the world of asset management. Then you look at growth investing. Growth investing is a crapshoot in certain ways.  he's like, who's held Amazon stock since the IPO? Like Jeff, his mom and his dad. Because that's just too much volatility for most people to wrap their heads around. But also Amazon after they IPO'd, right? They went up in price, crash happened, 95% loss, right? Seven years to recover. IBM, by the way, took 17 years over that same period of time. So I think what a lot of people don't appreciate, and we could talk a lot about bubbles, but what a lot of people  or believe it or are invested in it. And being right and it grows into something very large is as old as time, right? People have done this with certain stocks. They've done it in the private markets. They've done it with Bitcoin. They've done it with all this kind of stuff. I think the part that people forget is in that from small to large, you need volatility, right? The volatility is what provides that upside, but it's not a straight line. And so it's easy to look back and say, you know, go out the 10  know this is something you like talking about. So here's what I think is so interesting about Bitcoin is you zoom out and it looks pretty good, right? Like most people got into Bitcoin 2013, 2014. So if you're looking at an average price, entry price around 200 to $250, we're now sitting at around $10,000, let's say, that's pretty healthy. But the thing that's interesting is Bitcoin is not a company. Bitcoin is three things. It's technology in the form of the protocol, it's a network, and  of  they've had particularly I think a lot of people entered this market at a bad time and the issue is you know they were buying maybe ripple at three dollars or maybe their friend told them about Telegram and their family office bought you know big allocation in the telegram token sale should not to say that that won't be you know at the end of the day something worthwhile investing in but it it's not really a great experience right now right two years in they're like not feeling really good so I think there is this component of people being conditioned by negative experience  One of the things that I was looking at was like the high watermarks and causing a lot of funds to shut down. I've seen a couple, but actually I haven't seen as many as I thought I would see. Like there's still most funds. They've either raised other capital. So that's not subject to those high watermarks or they've been able to do something in order to kind of stay alive. What are you seeing there? Yeah, I think for a lot of funds, just generally, right? The fund industry is predicated on two and 20. You live on the two, you pray for the 20. So it's keeping funds.  to a separate side vehicle that wasn't subject to the rules of the fund's liquidity profile, the two to three year profile. And so I think what they've done is effectively created two pools of capital, one pool of capital that can be redeemed and is subject to the normal terms of the fund, and then a second pool of capital that's much more longer term permanent capital. And what's interesting is people have now found a way to make token investments, venture investments through these things called SAFs or Agreement for Future Tokens.  All it takes is a few things going the right way or conversely, right? To your point about WeWork, a few things going the wrong way that make all of the difference between a zero and a hero. So that brings me to take Bitcoin, for example. What are the most likely reasons why it could fail? Bitcoin, I think honestly, the biggest systemic risk to Bitcoin right now is the centralization of Bitcoin and taking Bitcoin and shoving it into the existing banking system. And what I've always been concerned about, and I think what we're starting to see with the  privacy and data forensics, but I think we're making progress there. Sort of second layer privacy tools, tumblers, mixers, and different ways of obfuscating transaction data and wallet level data. And then I think the second existential risk is really the risk of custody, right? So right now the predominant model for custody is what we've done with all assets since the dawn of time. You build a giant fort, right? If I'm Julius Caesar and I have all my gold coins, I make my treasury. I take all the coins, I put them in the treasury, and then I have armed guards, you know, guard the treasury.  And you're removing the very properties that made Bitcoin valuable in the first place But can it go from the completely decentralized model into those centralized entities and then over time be decentralized again But here's the issue, right? Maybe Like theoretically it can but here's the issue once the government has financial oversight of it and once they have oversight of Bitcoin and they realize oh wait 50% of Bitcoin is in custody by entities controlled by  limit basically stop people from using it in any sort of meaningful way other than a speculative asset, which you can do through synthetic Bitcoin. What I would do is exactly this, right? I would say, hey, if you want to go and claim your Bitcoin, you have to submit a DNA sample. You have to submit all sorts of personal data. You have to wear this location trackers that we know where you are at all times. You get put on a special list so that when you cross borders, we search you for any hardware wallets. You're going to be subject to all sorts of rules and regulations. You're going to get put on an IRS list. You're probably going to get put on some sort of  because it's not really cryptocurrencies and government, which is the central bank digital currencies. What the hell is going on there? It seems like everyone, that's the new thing, right? It was like, hey, everyone, let's do enterprise blockchain. Now it's like, hey, everyone, let's do central bank digital currencies. Yeah, but all the enterprise blockchain companies are now doing central bank digital currency because they're like, we need a use case. Like we need to raise our series D. Somebody please give us a use case. Okay. So my view on this is you started with Bitcoin, which had a small addressable market and it was sort of fringe group of people who are interested in it.  We're going to use all of the narratives of all these people before us and we're going to make this thing innovation technology But really it's not fundamentally that different from the way currencies managed today And so I think central bank digital currencies are part of a long sort of story arc around cryptocurrencies to digital assets and it's completely on the other side of the spectrum from Bitcoin like the two could not be further apart so polar opposites for sure and so my whole issue here has been  six times. Yeah. So, so like I could get dollars in some cases, but it's expensive or it's dangerous. And so now all of a sudden there's this idea of if I have an internet connection and I don't need a bank account, I can get access to a quote unquote digital currency. Right now, those digital currencies are all what we think of crypto currencies that are listed on like, you know, coin market cap or something. But if let's say China is able to go ahead and digitize their currency before the U.S. Now, all of a sudden I can actually get exposure to the Chinese currency before the U.S. is currency. And it's literally just because the U.S. dollar is not  That's actually the big push here in most nations that are implementing this. For surveillance. Surveillance, right? But also being able to actually implement monetary and fiscal policy more effectively, right? Because you no longer have the shadow economy. But at the end of the day, when we think about the reason the dollar is so prevalent in usage around the world, it's because the medium does not matter as much as the message. So even if I had access to digital remimbi or digital reals or digital  countries and so but no no no that doesn't work it doesn't work that way what do you mean? The way it works is if you have dollars or let's say I have a million dollars and I go to Circle and I want to create CUSD right I give them my million dollars and they give me a million dollars worth of CUSD tokens that transaction right there is KYC, AML, OFAC rule compliant but once I have my CUSD there is nothing that prevents me from interacting with anyone who has a compatible wallet to trade CUSD with that  And at the end of the day, what we saw, right? Everyone's concerned about the underlying collateralization of tether and whether the dollar reserves are actually there. Turns out nobody cares. Like people on crypto, Twitter care and is sensational and like, Oh, whatever. But when it comes to people who are functionally using tether to fulfill this very purpose, nobody cares because at the end of the day, tether is a tether is a US dollar. And so people are willing to accept it as tender. So when we go to central bank digital currencies, though, I think there's three things we have to focus on. I just wrote a blog post on this today. The first is for  I held in US dollars. So again, what that means is all of a sudden the economy becomes highly susceptible to US monetary policy. So what's interesting is most of these central bank issue digital currencies in my view are an attempt to minimize dependence on the dollar. The second component that really matters is current account balances. So one of the important metrics for an economy to track is its current account, right? And the current account is trade, balance of trade.  right through this new tool you have. And you can also start to control payments, right? So typically starts internal to the country, then you open up your flows external to the country. And so now that you have a way to manage flows in and out through this blockchain based payment system, which you control, all of a sudden you have much more ability to control that balance. And then the last thing, which I think is the most important, it's data gathering and controls, right? And we've seen this without blockchains as well. The last thing I'll add here is  are  is  out of the system.  coming payment networks, social networks, social media companies, technology companies are going to be the banks of the future. We just don't. I mean, look, Apple, like there's surveys that show that people trust Apple, Google, Facebook way more than they trust the banks. And then so what's going to happen is you have central banks issuing digital currencies, companies issuing digital currencies, people, right? How long is until the next Jim Jones emergence and issues his own digital currency? Or we have, you know, the next sort of cult leader.  And I'd spent two days in Washington. I went met with, you know, Congress and all stuff. And I walked away and I will get to kind of your thoughts as to some of these things. But I walked away and I was just like, this is such a different culture and way of doing business than both the Wall Street world in New York and also the tech world in San Francisco. But it was like pretty disheartening, but also at the same time, like just it just shook me. Like I was like, whoa, this is way different. Well, they OK. So  zero concept of how technology works. And what I think is really interesting, I think I mentioned this to you, is the average age of a US congressman or woman is I think around 70, right? I think it's maybe 72. Very representative of the American population. Okay, but hold on. Okay. Nobody is going to go to Washington in the future and ask for permission. Of course. And what's interesting is the government assumes, like the US government takes for granted,  So if big pharma puts you in you can't make laws and regulations around big pharma, right? You know if by the way it goes that way is like I can't make political campaign contributions to Someone and then get business for and barred from doing business with them for the two years for whatever. Yep, I completely agree And then you know also things like you shouldn't be able to make a law and then go get a job that help people Navigate that law. I wonder if you're referring to someone specific there you guys can  the