 All right guys bang bang Coming to you live from the new off the chain studio. Not really. We just moved the office around But I'm here with Natalie Thanks so much for coming to do this sure. Thank you so much for inviting me. You got your property shirt on ready to go Absolutely. I love your new office  my entrepreneurial career started. And for 15 years, I was building and constructing real estate in Bulgaria. And then I thought, well, actually I want again to build software. And so knowing all the problems I've experienced in real estate, I relocated myself to the US four years ago. And this is how the story of PROPI started. All right. Let's talk about school in Russia. Okay.  that we didn't pass the background check with them because of my Russian background. They were very resistant to give data to a Russian founded company. Crazy. All right, so what's school like in Russia as you study computer science? Yeah, so it's an international university of nature and computer science, close to Moscow.  with a computer, before that I never touched the computer even though I had a dream to do it. But this led me to actually transition from the Environmental Studies to coding engineering department. And I used to help all of the like those artistic majors to code and then do their work the first year, yeah. That's awesome. All right, so you learn how to code and you pretty much know, hey, I'm gonna go do this instead of the environmental work.  in Bulgaria. So most people know that I'm fond of Bulgaria now that Polina is in my life. And I've been to Bulgaria numerous times. Where in the country were you? In Sofia? I used to live in Sofia, in Plovdiv, on the sea coast. Right now our engineering team sits in Sofia, but before that I was constructing resorts on the sea coast. So it was a lot of  announced that they will join the European Union. So suddenly those British investors were coming to Bulgaria to acquire properties and build. And I was looking at the couple of those buildings appearing on the sea coast and I thought, okay, it looks like it's a very capital intense and lucrative business. So I went to UK, I went to Russia, Latvia, talked to potential customers, figured out what they want and told to my engineers, okay, now we're gonna acquire land.  the site was empty. So you would sell the land or you would sell them on investing to build the property, like to build out the building. I would sell condos. Got it. A resort full of condos with like spas, restaurants and so on. So they would buy a future unit that I would build. And then you would build it. Yeah. And I would build it within one or two years. And normally they would be all very happy with execution, that everything is just like it was projected and designed for the  was able to drive all that interest to Bulgaria from Russia, Latvia. So the UK was interested there anyway. They love real estate globally. But then 2009 and 10, the interest started to decline. So there is no more such an interest from foreign investors, not only because there is a decline of those international home buyers, but also the economic situation  So before Instagram, nobody really knew about Iceland. Yeah. Right. And then all of a sudden some people go and they take a picture in Iceland and they put it on Instagram and they're like, Oh my God, looks so beautiful. And now Iceland's popping off. Everyone loves Iceland. And there's a bunch of these places around the world where that's happened. Bulgaria is a place that a lot of people don't know about. They couldn't find it on the map, you know, et cetera, but they have the sea, they've got the mountains, et cetera. At some point over the next five years, my guess is that people  influencer will drive an American interest to Bulgaria and maybe we'll see a new wave in Bulgaria to be discovered by Americans. Yeah. I think it's going to happen. Yeah, let's do that. All right. So how much did a condo cost at one of these resorts? Super cheap, like $50,000. $50,000 for a condo. And that was in 2005. Right now you can buy property for $50,000 with one bedroom. Okay. So now it's going to be a  the talent, the food, everything is natural, organic. Also, it could become a feast, becoming a technical hub. There are many talented. Google, there's a bunch of places there. Uber, Hewlett-Packard, and the engineers there are very talented and very disciplined. And they work hard. They do. They don't complain like the people in America sometimes. Absolutely, 24-7.  and I just, I got very, very excited like, hey, we have the opportunity here, a huge opportunity to automate the process and we know how to make it internationally. So this how I came here for one real estate conference for the first time in America, made this visa, those times it was easy. And yeah, I came here and the American real estate community was very welcoming and saying, you have to do it here. Yeah, so this is how I transitioned into  area in the peninsula. All people are so welcoming to newcomers. They would ask, how can we help you? Can we make an introduction? You need to meet this person or that person. So that was a big changing environment for me because before that I considered to move to Dubai or Monaco or London. Those are all horrible places. Very bad. What a list. London, Dubai or Monaco. Oh my God. All right. I had a hard time to decide.  infrastructure. So we just started as an infrastructure, like a listing platform, very simple. And then I started to go around and meet many, many engineers who can solve cross-border payments, who can solve paperwork and process. And this is when I got to know blockchain. Got it. And so when you first started, you didn't have any clue that blockchain or crypto would be a part of the business. No. But quickly figured that out. Yeah, absolutely. Okay. And so tell us what exactly is Propy doing today?  thing apply when you're selling those resort condos. I don't have to go see the property. Back then they weren't looking at them. Today I don't need to see it because you guys are doing what? What information are you providing me on the platform and are you guys doing the due diligence for me to make sure that the property, it is what it says or how does that work? Well actually for now our focus is a closing process which means that you've made a decision and we always recommend  And so today if I find a property that I want to buy, do I need to have that property on property? Like does it already have to be listed or I can talk to the seller and say, Hey, let's go ahead and actually finalize this transaction, go on property, create an account, et cetera. Yeah, that's correct. So you can find a property. You may have an agent and the seller has an agent. You tell to your agent or the seller, Hey, I'm ready to close and I'd love to make it.  there is a 20% rate of mistakes from manual work. So where smart contracts is coming? The mission is that we're doing e-recording and ownership transfer when software detects that the payment wire transfer is executed and the paperwork is executed. This is why every single step is handled by smart contracts. Obviously it's not seen by the users. And for every single transaction on our platform, we have a token that unlocks the access  chain and a power transaction. What happened in ether and the buyer, Michael Arrington, he did a good transaction though. Now Michael's great. Yeah, obviously. I know obviously. And I try to get him to come and deals with us. I say, man, let's go. Yeah. He's probably laughing right now. All right, go ahead.  that the paperwork is in place and the signature with notary is approved and notary actually approved the transaction on the platform. And then once the ownership transfer happened, which we had a data on because of our governmental pilot, the smart contract released the funds to the seller and to other parties associated. So it actually disrupted the escrow function entirely.  That's correct. That's pretty complex, but you guys can automate that all remotely. Everything automated. Everything is recorded. And there are hashes on smart contracts. Now you can go to ether scan, find the transaction, see the movement of money. Yeah, that's pretty good. Look out 20 years. What does this grow into? Right? Like where are you kind of building towards? Yeah. In 20 years, we're in vision, property to be property.com to be  get your deed. No worries, no anxiety, enjoyable process. Just like we love our iPhones, you would love actually the process of home buying because it's one of the most valuable assets in our lives. And do you do fractional ownership or is it just, I own the property or I don't? We had a number of requests, probably over one billion worth of requests. One day we just sat and counted them all from institutional players to tokenize their real estate.  I want to talk a little bit about kind of a macro economy and real estate for a second because real estate similar to stocks had just been going up. Value keeps going, keeps going, keeps going. As we know as students of history, they can't go on forever. And so there's likely to be a market downturn at some point in the future. It is happening already. It's already happening. Explain that. Silicon Valley, San Francisco market are all solved for over  time when the real estate market is softening globally, but at the same time there are so many emerging markets where the properties are underestimated, like Bulgaria for example. It's still a very, very affordable market. And there are a number of countries where they just figured how to avoid fraud and make more efficient title registry. In fact, $9 trillion are unrecorded today and it's a dead capital in Russia.  I read that 50% of the construction since 2015 of high rise condos, only 50% has been sold. So there's incredible amount of supply that has come online that there's just no demand for. Really? I didn't know about that. And one of the reasons why, in one of these articles I was reading is because foreign investment has gone down.  Yeah, and so that lag is actually pretty painful for real estate developers and they're faced with Do they offload the inventory at below market prices and try to recoup something or do they hold it? It's pretty crazy to kind of see it happen well, it's not happening in the Bay Area for sure in San Francisco because there is still a huge lack of Housing, of course affordable housing is the main asset the the region lacks  Chinese investors, and of course the majority of local communities, they don't want the outsiders that don't occupy buildings. So some of the cities like Vancouver, for example, they actually introduced taxes for foreign investors. Oh, interesting. Yeah, 15% tax on top of the property price so that they encourage more the local community to occupy those buildings. Yeah, it's pretty crazy how  trillion dollars globally. So it's a huge- That's more than Bitcoin. Yeah, a little bit more, right? Just a little bit. For now. Yeah, for now. But the reality is that the population is growing. We will need more inventory. We will need more homes. We will need more buildings. And yes, in some local regions like here in New York, they might be, we reached some highest peaks in price and this is now the market has to adjust. But in the majority of places,  I have to build a product, I have to sell. We're 30 people right now in the team. When we talk to investors, it's very different now in comparison to 2018. In 2018, we probably were bombarded by emails from VCs every single week, from generalists, from top VCs, like, yeah, the blockchain is cool. And also you're applying to the blockchain.  to be at least to research or, or invest. Do you think that that changes in the short term or do you think that it feels like this is going to be how the sentiment will be among venture capitalists for awhile? Um, it's a hard question. Yeah, I'm not sure. Probably, uh, it yeah, maybe two, three years it will be staying the same. Um, but I see more and more VCS traditional ones.  Coinbase and now they became giant companies. Obviously they tend to be those that can attract more LPs and more investments. The same with venture capital and real estate startups. You mentioned Ripple. Has anybody bought a house or property with XRP yet? We had a number of sellers listing in XRP in 2018, but then we didn't have any sales.  way that you have so far that maybe when you went into building a business you didn't know or think about, but now you're like, Oh, this is what I've learned as a founder, right? Yeah, of course. Blockchain space. Oh, just company building. Um, probably, um, be ready to learn every single week. Like the very often we would discover something like, Hey, that's the path to go. And we would stick to it for  real industry for real case. Uh, but just never stop learning. And there are so many amazing books. Um, yeah, I'm just asking on Twitter, like following you and see what, uh, what articles people are reading and liking. This is helpful as well. It's one of my favorite things I do because people actually find really high quality articles. Like I tweeted it on one Saturday and tweeted it again. And I generally was interested. Like what are people,  Yeah, we just discussed it now with your colleague that Joe Joe's sitting in the court Joe's got a new desk He's fucking balling over in the corner Yeah, and he updated me with your fantastic Metrics that you're doing so great with the podcast like don't tell anybody that we have 10 million downloads a month. Don't share that I Wish you guys could see Joe's face Joe's bright red and he's dying laughing because there's really 12 million downloads a month  love yourself like your life depends on it. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Pretty good. Pretty good title. You like those kind of books, right? Absolutely. And this what I got into my schedule of learnings, a lot of business books and a lot of psychological books on how to be more effective and productive and how to make my family, especially my daughter, teenage daughter, how to communicate with her better in more effective a way because I can learn a lot  versus like work hours because yeah, learning for something specific I need in my business today. So during the day, it's always something specific I need to learn today to make my company better. What's the best business book you've recently read? Well, there are recommendations. Oh, this one I love from impossible to inevitable by Aaron Ross and James Jason Lemkin. It's on size. Impossible to inevitable. Yes. Okay.  uh, folks, uh, by the FBI, uh, how to negotiate. Yeah. But it's not what it's called. Yeah. Chris Voss, the former FBI negotiator. Yes, that's correct. That was also fantastic. Then the CEO within a recent one, uh, by a CEO coach, again, very practical on how to be an effective SEO, how to build OPRs, KPIs, how to score your team yourself.  relate to me because they empower you to act, execute, and go into something. And I have an opposite problem. I want everything to execute. I have tons of ideas. You need somebody to tell you stop, breathe, slow down. Yeah, exactly. Stop, focus on one thing. Do just one thing at a time. If you don't want to pay Tony Robbins $20,000 to tell you to go act, you could pay me $20,000. I'll tell you stop, breathe, chill out. I will next time.  And she has never been into Instagram social media just yet, but I feel she's turning into that. And she's very much into iPad, watching YouTube videos till now they were more like, okay, doing some stuff craft. So I was kind of, okay, it's not that bad. But then very often she would not do her routine stuff. She's really great in homework. When we moved to the US, she was actually very self independent 90 years ago.  She was just watching your podcast. Our podcast gets 50,000 downloads a day on YouTube too. No worries. Yeah. I'm trying to get her into crypto. We're talking very often about Bitcoin. She knows that you can buy a house with a token. Yeah. She knows that stuff already. But she's just watching some teenage series plus the influencer stuff and all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. That stuff.  you're watching on television. I know what video games you're playing, like the things that were going into my head, the content, they pretty much knew. I feel like parents don't know that anymore. Right now they have a harder time knowing what their kids are doing. Absolutely, yeah. Which could be good or bad, right? Look, you got a kid that wants to learn. Yeah, they just need to know that they have borders because sometimes with the internet they feel they can do whatever they want. Well, they can. They can do whatever they want.  Well, the, uh, the conspiracy theorists would say that the state was programming people, right? They're going to tell you what you're going to watch. Yeah, exactly. And you're like looking forward. Okay. It's on your schedule. And then you're bored between those this time in our childhood, we were very bored what to do in between. So we were very creative and loving nature, going, exploring what's happening outside. Kids don't go outside. Come on. They, they, if they, the only thing they know about the forest is they  my 23 year old brother who's been in New York City for legitimately two weeks hit everyone with man. So great to see like trees and stuff. We all looked at him like shut the hell up. How about Central Park at least? You've been there for two weeks. Yeah, actually I think that's my main challenge because I love to rest in nature going parks and hikes and it's very hard to get out my family from the house and get do that. And it's very hard for me to actually  But one of the things that strikes me is I've got to know about other countries real estate, right? So I don't I understand the US or New York City or San Francisco, whatever I can find that stuff out. I could talk to people who live there, whatever. How do you suggest people learn about other countries, real estate markets? So Ukraine, Bulgaria, whatever. If I don't go there, how do I actually get a good sense for what's going on in that market? I think that that what will happen in 20 years with property  actually physically there because what happens in other countries, they don't have MLS systems. They don't have national cessation of railers at all. And there are just many, many fraud agents. Very often there are fragile and they're not licensed. So there are a lot of scams happening and you wouldn't want to risk and buy property this way. So now you know, okay, maybe I want to buy property in Sofia for like, I don't know, $30,000, which is nothing, but it will appreciate potentially.  because right now we have so many differences, but maybe at some point we actually will come to a more homogenic market. Yeah. It's pretty crazy to think about how much real estate has changed yet how fragmented the knowledge is. Yeah. Yeah. Very fragmented. Yeah. And the process is very full of frictions. Yeah. What do you think the most important company in crypto is other than PROPY? In crypto company, not protocol. You get name of a protocol.  support of US institutional partners already. Then when we provide the value, when we see finally that blockchain brings the trust and change to the industry like real estate, then we need all those protocols, the underlying technology, the first layer and the second layer. And so it's amazing that those teams are working on developing them even though still there are no real volume happening on those networks.  them.