 Thanks for watching!  One being it wasn't exactly lucrative. And that said, I ended up making a major pivot in my life. I switched over to a business major and at the same time I started in my sales career in tech. And I went through, got my business marketing degree and I really found that like I made a connection between being able to teach people about technology, something that might not have been easily comprehended prior because I'm a tech nerd at heart. I'm geeky, I'm a gamer, I love all aspects of technology. So to be able to help people to understand it is something truly fascinating.  are not random by nature, human behavior is. And what I loved about blockchain was, was it eliminated that random human nature. I mean, there's always that teetering point of trust as to when somebody's going to behave in one direction or the other. And what I loved about blockchain was, was it eliminated that. And no longer did you have a brand of trust, but you had a system of trust. And just seeing what blockchain can do and seeing what type of news is out there and what type of news could be out there with some of the positive impacts that we don't hear about.  And that was my initial kind of interest to it. Once I dove a little bit deeper though, I found like it wasn't necessarily just the opportunity to make money. It was the underlying technology and it, I found it difficult for myself to learn and interpret the technology by my own. So that's why, you know, if I run into those situations where I can't understand something, I dedicate an hour a day to try to learn more about it little by little until I get that click. And once I have that, I'm usually just full on board. Yeah. I think it's Parker Lewis.  just help us understand what are the problems in the traditional philanthropic area that you think that blockchain technologies can solve and then we can get into some of the specific examples. Definitely. So we've all heard the stories about corruption and charity and whenever there's something good or something with great power I feel that corruption always follows. And we have that demonstration in crypto. We've seen it with ICOs. We've seen all of these things that kind of raised out of it. And unfortunately humans are  really shouldn't take that much effort to give somebody money. What goes into overhead expenses? You know, there's going to be salaries. There's going to be, of course, the transfer agents. There's a number of things that goes into it. But to say that $125 million is required to get from point A to point B, I know a lot that could have been done with $125 million. But if you go even a little bit further down that rabbit hole of the remaining $375 million, there was only six houses that were reconstructed.  and it's roughly about $20. With blockchain, we at Binance, what we're really trying to do is not only empower people with those funds, we create the wallets on their behalf, we put the money directly into that wallet so there's end-to-end transparency, but then we take it a step further and we educate on how to access those funds, how to convert it to fiat in their local currencies. And that's really the fascinating part is that the people in these communities, they haven't even had computers, they haven't had internet,  And part of the value here is Binance charity is covering 100% of the operational cost of Binance charity. So every dollar or every BNB or every Bitcoin, whatever you contribute through Binance charity, 100% of that is being received by one of those people in need. And so rather than that $100, only $20 makes it to the final recipient here, $100 makes it. And then obviously using  some part of human interaction that's required in this process. And I think at that point, the Binance name really helps with that, knowing that you're working with one of the major companies in the blockchain space, and if you were ever to trust somebody with that last mile transition, I don't see a better name than Binance to be able to help with that. Yeah, and another thing that I think is pretty interesting here is, I think it's Alex Gladstein, the chief strategy officer from the Human Rights Foundation said to me, he goes, look, part of the reason why Bitcoin  or the owner of the bank or whatever, it's money that kind of gets taken out. And then it goes through it like a waterfall, right? And there's a bunch of money and taxes and all the stuff that occurs and you end up getting a very low percentage, right? In some cases, 20%, a little bit higher, a little bit lower to the end recipient. And so his whole thing was transparency is important for the contributor, but also I think what he was really excited about was the ability to circumvent potential points of failure or potential points of corruption. So now all of a sudden you're not  the  connectivity in the developed world for a long time so it's if you think about it this way there's Like I mentioned everybody has their motivations Everybody's incentivized by certain things and if I were to go door to door knocking on people's doors trying to educate them on Bitcoin I'd be treated just as though I was some sort of religious and evangelist and get a lot of doors closed in my face because they don't have the need for it but when you go into a situation where there's there's a demand or there's just a need and Helen spoke about this  by  leapfrog because the very first time that they ever deal with quote unquote mobile banking, it happens to be better than the United States, right? There's no kind of legacy technology there, et cetera, which I think is exciting. The other question is I get, okay, Binance or some other group will create a digital wallet, give it to somebody. Now a contributor can give currency to that end recipient. How does that end recipient use the cryptocurrency, right? It's a component of, I've got a digital wallet.  that is a major savings of money. You could go from spending $150 a month to spending $20 a month. And there's an immediate demand for that. But the thing is, is as soon as you call somebody, you're immediately at a point of value transfer where they aren't going to want to hear it until you can get something out there fast enough for them to be interested in hearing more. And they'll be quick to hang up. So to be able to penetrate a market like small, medium business and to get the mass market interested in that adoption is going to take a lot. And perhaps it might be a little bit  We have another thing in place and that's by Nancy Ganda in which we'll actually assist them in converting from the cryptocurrency to their local fiat And they'll be able to then do transactions as normal. Yeah, which is that that's the safeguard of it Hopefully and you know, who knows what will happen in five years? We're in a very young market But I could see it as just as mentioning in those situations of desperate need where perhaps fiat is less than desirable then We're gonna have no choice but then to adopt these crypto  very good point that you bring up. And I read a shocking study that only 80 to 90 percent of Americans actually end up traveling outside of the United States. We're a very endocentric culture in which there's not really so much of a need to go out, but I personally would say that there is a need. And as such, given that we don't get a ton of outside cultural experiences, I mean, you may as well put one of the the Hungry Children's commercials with the Sarah McLaughlin commercial behind it. And that's going to be, I mean, everybody at least knows that these things are happening.  is to really drive those initiatives to get close to home. Because if you think about it, I slightly alluded earlier that people have flocked to this negative attention regarding Bitcoin about cryptocurrency. And most people think Bitcoin is blockchain and when in actuality there's much more to it. So to get people to really not be afraid. And I mean, if you ask anybody about Bitcoin who hasn't really involved, they're like, oh, I know people who lost money in that. Or I know people who lost their mortgages in that.  foundations to try to pilot this opportunity. The Gleason Foundation is one. We're also working communications with Make-A-Wish Foundation. The thing that we run into is that we have a mission to uphold. And that mission is that the money goes directly into the hands of the end beneficiaries. And so what we need is we need partners. We need partners that are willing to basically shake hands with us and allow us to take lead in communicating directly with the end beneficiaries, helping them in the conversion from crypto to fiat.  What would be the role of whether it's Make-A-Wish or Gleason Foundation or any other nonprofit, like how would they help facilitate or what would their role be in that partnership? Their role in that partnership would be connecting us with the end beneficiaries. We ultimately, if you go to Binance.charity, you'll see a list of charities and a list of projects. Most of those projects are currently in Uganda. What we would end up doing then is creating a wallet, one dedicated wallet in which people can send their donations to and with that we would have a smart contract or a code in place that would then  ALS really takes effect. You lose all bodily control including the ability to speak there are devices that you can use that you you literally use your eyes to be able to speak and communicate again and the worst part about that disease is is that you're fully cognizant you're fully aware of everything around but you're trapped in your body and unable to speak so those initiatives in itself if we were to create something with the Gleason Foundation We would work to say okay and this you know the people that have been on the bottom of this list the people that have been waiting the longest if there's a hundred of them if the device is  How much of this is technology based in terms of the technology is a kind of an advantageous component versus it's more of just somebody saying, hey, this is important and we're going to put warm bodies against it that are smart, that are passionate about this and we can solve it that way. So the initial part of it is really the relationship. And that's where I'm coming in is to try to drive the relationships in the United States with charities and understanding and comprehending blockchain. Once you overcome that threat,  again, people affiliate crypto to negativity, whether that be child pornography, whether that be the dark web or anything else. So I'd say the biggest barrier with a human interaction, the warm body aspect of it is the proof showing people that blockchain is a true solution to this. And once you overcome that, the technology takes over. And that's the best thing about blockchain, in my opinion, is that it's all code and it's trustless in which once the code is implemented, it's just a computer following a set amount of instructions.  is working on and kind of why they should be contributing to them. So it's funny because you know you and myself both are very active in the crypto space and how long ago was it that you learned about Binance charity? I think when they first announced it I think it was around the maybe year and a half ago when they announced either it was the listing fees were all going to get donated or it was the creation of the listing fees. Right right and that was the big announcement Binance stated that all their listing fees whatever that range was would go directly to charity.  to not have heard about some of the success. I mean five million raised in you know the six months that they had done so is absolutely magnificent. So when I had heard that I immediately thought wow this is struggling. People should be hearing about this. Not just people in the crypto community but what about an opportunity for people to hear about the crypto community in a positive light versus a negative light. So what I would say right now is is the channel that has been effective is social media. It has worked. It's helped.  How can I participate? What things are necessary? And I had a vision. I mean, I could do marketing. I can do PR. I can do all of this. And for about a year and a half, I made ends meet. My business was successful. I got clients and there was something that was missing and I felt, okay, I can continue to engage within this ecosystem. But what is it in my life that's really going to make a difference? And on the side of all of this, I run a nonprofit preschool chain where we teach mindfulness and meditation to children and their families. And that was very fulfilling to me. It was my first dabble  And that goes back to the ulterior motive of what is it that's really going to impact it and it made me it broke my heart I said look I I want to help I will not charge you I will do whatever I can and within just weeks we got podcasts speaking opportunities We're getting featured in major news our news releases And it was all of those things at that point that they said okay We want to work with you more and at that point it kind of converted to less of a me just doing these pro-bonus  I mean, we never know how long we have. Yeah. And that's where my focus is now. And so part of this, I think, uh, when people hear Binance charity, I think they immediately go to, uh, others, BNB and all this stuff. But my understanding is that you guys are completely agnostic to which asset people, uh, contribute in and really are trying to drive the, um, and impact, not so much worried about, uh, it being exclusively tied to Binance or a BNB token, et cetera. Correct. Correct.  philanthropy it's such an immediate connection with somebody in which you know that you both have only the best intentions and the purest of intent in mind and He said I want iota to be able to you know be one of these transactions and iota is a fearless Transaction and there's no fees in iota which is even more pure in and in itself It was a matter of an introduction to their team and they're working on seeing what can happen with that facilitation and what can happen with that integration and it's that simple so any crypto projects out there that want to be a  United States yet. We just now are starting. So in the next five years, what my vision is, is I want the crypto community to band together and be a voice that's heard and imagine a tragedy, whether it be a mass shooting, some sort of disaster relief or anything of that. And one of the major donation donating parties being the crypto community, not by Nance, but the crypto community generating X million dollars for a cause. That, in my opinion, is what's going to drive the adoption of cryptocurrency. And that's what's going to drive people to think  terms of when it comes to the crypto community and charity?  So I do have fear of there being corruption that could occur, but we take a valiant effort towards every person that we've met, every partner, every end beneficiary to ensure that it's only going to be put towards the benefits that we otherwise were disclosing in the process. For sure. And then what can people do at home in order to participate or kind of learn more about what you guys are doing? For one, follow us on Twitter, follow us on social media channels.  that that molds them, the way that it makes them. For a $4 donation, that's a year's worth of sanitary pads. So even the smallest amount can make a real big difference. That said, get engaged, start sharing these things and start helping to promote that awareness and take part of it. I mean, action is one of the biggest things we can take and that's one of the biggest ways we can make an impact is just by making a slight contribution or sharing and circulating. Absolutely. Where can people find you on the internet?  How do you hate on somebody else trying to sell?  But what I love about Coinbase specifically is that they're not only, I mean, they're a simple approach. They are the retail of crypto. But what I like what they've been doing is that they've been putting in an education process as well. So not only are people, I mean, before when I signed up for Coinbase, it's like entering your credit card and it encourages you to do a credit card. It's faster transactions, everything else. And there's a lot of opportunity to lose some money in that situation. What I like that they're doing now is the education component. You're learning about the assets that you're investing in.  I've been to some international places, but I have not been to Malta.  Reconstruct the the token laws that we have now the token tax taxonomy act is a perfect example of it There are things that need to happen our laws are a bit archaic and if they continue to prevent us from growth The rest of the world is just going to jump right over us. Yeah, I think it's a fair point most important book you've ever read Sun Tzu's art of war and it's the most boring Because I find that Military warfare and business if you change some words here and there they're almost identical  by enemy, thousand battles, thousand victories, probably, I hope I don't sound too pretentious by saying his most well-known quote, but that in itself, if you know everything about the environment you're going into, you know your competitors, you know the threats, you know the risks, eliminating surprises in business is only advantageous. Absolutely. Aliens, believer? I think it's almost like the Schrodinger's Alien, right? I don't know how to explain that another way,  that really fascinated me. I hope that you remember the name of it because I don't off the top of my head. It was, I think it was Julianne Moore or someone of that. But the premise of it was, was that aliens had came to the world and they had different stations in all of the different countries. One being China, one being the United States. And it showed how all the different cultures reacted and how people misinterpreted what their motive was. So immediately, you know, they put up a symbol and everybody tried to decipher the symbol. And they created a round table of people that started talking  support and love and compassion and that we would be able to otherwise learn from them and in their time of need as they are they had starvation on the or something of that that was on the brink of You know their devastation that they would be able to lean on us for help So at the end of it, I think that you know, don't fear what you don't understand instead maybe some intrigue but at the same time don't be the person underneath the Independence Day, you know explosion, you know Take an observation from a fair distance and try to learn  that people are much more empathetic and helpful when they have real world experience and understanding. And so the most powerful thing you can do is you can take somebody and have them experience the pain somebody else has, right? And pain not being, hey, you've got to go be hungry or hey, you've got to go be homeless or you've got to go and be in a place where there's no clean water. But if you can just expose people to look, there's this problem, right? And so whether that's through  understand the issues and care about the issues, right? And so I think you solve that by exposure. Big questions always, how do you do it? But obviously the internet makes it a little bit easier. And then if you give people actually travel to wherever the area of impact is, I think that there's solutions there as well. So are you ready for us to fly you to Uganda then? I would definitely go to Uganda. We're going to talk more about that. I have gone to  and see all the great work that you and your colleagues are doing. Fantastic, absolutely. Thank you.