 All right guys bang bang I'm here with Helen We got a lot to talk about because you work on what I think is one of the most important things in crypto But nobody ever talks about it. So you were here all the way from China. Thank you for coming. It's my great pleasure Good most people don't come and tell me that it's their pleasure to be here  important though for like insurance, right? Yes. I used to be the chief actor for Zurich financial services in China. Really? Yeah. After 10 years working in the city of London. Okay. What was the biggest difference between China and England when, uh, when you went? Wow. Um, it was fun. I remember when England in 1995 in 1995. Yes. And, uh, at that time there are two things. Number one, I went to Chinatown. Nobody speaks Mandarin in Chinatown.  if you're a few Mandarin customers. And then the time I left, you know, like 12 years later, if you go to the big department store. Everyone speaks Mandarin. At least the staff speaks Mandarin. That means actually the traffic, the customer's traffic. Yeah. If I speak Mandarin, you speak Cantonese, can we understand each other? Not really. Not really. So it's a pretty different dialect. Exactly. Wow. So I think my generation is a very interesting generation in China.  living under the international poverty like in China and the international poverty in the world since 1960 to today didn't decline if I exclude the 680 million people in China. That's how big is this since you want to understand China so I think China in the last centuries make it made the huge the biggest development effort in the world in terms of poverty reduction. Yeah, and so what have they done to  those 200 developing economies, only 13 of them moved from middle income status to high income status. Out of those 13, eight of them are in Europe, the original GDP gap are higher, so the gap is smaller, smaller. So the other five are the Asia four tigers plus Japan. It was a common consensus in the world post-Second World in the 1960s. Africa has a much better chance for economic transformation. Asia is a hopeless continent, but the reality in our human history  of the pyramid and that is the gem start of those countries economic transformation.  maybe in Switzerland, how about the middle layer and the bottom layer? That is the problem. But if you are looking at the Asia development model, when they work on industrialization, the workers get paid. When they get paid, they go to spend in the restaurant and then they spend, go to the cinema. The whole economy got actually empowered. So I think empowering the bottom layer is very powerful too to get a whole economic transformation instead just having the top 1% people getting rich. Got it.  I said before I want to become a leader. I want some true happiness, you know for myself and talking about my personal background I think my gen I was born in in now sees China my definition of purpose before I was 30 is to become a good daughter Which is to a good daughter a good daughter Which is to study well go to a good college and then go to a big company climb the corporate ladder I did exactly of that and made my parents very happy but at age of 30 I asked myself I'm actually happy of myself  that's actually something making your personal happiness and actually I did a lot of internal thinking during my leadership a year's journey with my coach that's actually I realized you know pursuing just personal gain in the financial sector that didn't really make me the true happiness which actually I left the financial sector who went into Africa really pursuing that bigger goal and I was really glad I find that kind of bigger purpose because why I saw those poor girls in Africa during my first trip down there which  model to support in Africa. So that's actually the things before I joined Binance. But then in 2015 I was becoming a young global leader of World Economic Forum so I was being exposed to the fourth Industrial Revolution which make me think you know every generation have every generation still take. The model I've been pushing is the second industrialization model bringing that model to Africa. But then let's look at the third Industrial Revolution which is internet  to reach people, we need to think how to make the world a better place, not for our generation, for our future generation. So this is something I truly believe, you know, technology should serve people and should create values. And one of the thing I think the beauty of blockchain and crypto is actually providing a newer tool to empower the bottom billion. That's one of the reason we set up the Binance Charity Foundation. We want to use the technology, not just make the rich people more richer, actually, is to make the world  that word versus you know charity or philanthropy. Yeah you know in my view 1962 Lu So talked about in the social he introduced the concept of social contract and he said you know we all born free but everywhere we are in chains. If you are looking at since then the human history actually is a history of human beings trying to search for good society whether it's a capitalist or communist  set up a certain discipline to combine this human system. We can try to build up a new system to making a good society. And this is something what I call development. Because with human beings, we keep in a status trying to searching for good society. I think we're still in that stage. And I think with our generation, the beauty, we have something very powerful. It's not just a political regime.  When somebody makes a donation to a charity, whether it's in the United States or elsewhere, let's say I give $100, there's now organizations that have been set up to measure how much of that $100 actually reaches the end person, right? And I think you guys are going after solving this, but let's talk about the problem first. Like, is it $50 for every $100? Is it $20? Like, what do you guys see in terms of how efficient some of these charities are on actually making an impact? Okay, currently, if I give you a number, it will be around 20%.  ago?  even if I ask myself, would my children donate the same way like my grandparents? I think completely not. Oh, they would donate in a different way. Yeah. A different way. But will they donate more or less you think? I want them to don. I think I wish them to donate more. That's actually one of the thing the work we're doing now. We want to encourage our future generation, you know, to have to. I think they also have more privilege, you know, to help the others. So but currently, I think  know, like to support of project, but maybe they pay half million, you know, on the administration fee, you need to pay heavy money for PwC to audit, you know, to produce the audit account. Is that right? I'm not saying actually they, they, there is a corruption to have the 80% you know, in their pocket, but there's various costs, you know, introduced actually the money didn't really go into the end of beneficiary. But I think today based technology, we can reduce the middle costs.  transfer of value. That means everywhere, like the internet, 10 years ago, you cannot think, if I'm a poor girl in Africa, I have no idea what Anthony is talking about in this part of the world at this time, but with the internet, you can achieve that. And for value transfer, I think in the future, we should see that exactly the same. If you want to transfer somebody in a small village in Africa, you should do that immediately, without barrier. What you're talking about is basically that there was  going to be another inflection point in hindsight, et cetera. But when it comes to charities, development, philanthropic efforts, there's two really big pieces. One is the cost of actually transferring the value, but two is also the transparency, right? The people who want to give but don't have the confidence that it's actually going to go to what they want, you guys are helping to solve that. So let's talk a little bit about Binance Charity. About two years ago, you came over and started working with Binance. Why did you do that? Right?  And then during lunch, we actually didn't talk about, you know, like the company first. We talk about purpose. You know, he's after thinking about for CC after he's being on the front page of Forbes, he also thinking about this question. So that's one of the thing I shared with him is also my personal journey in Africa and also the way I've been searching my purpose. So actually I think make him a lot of thinking. So he asked me a question. He said, Helen, what do you think the future of the company is?  Why don't I set up a Binance charity? Can you help me to hide it up this foundation? I didn't say yes at that time. You did not say yes. I said, I said, CZ, I said, that's what you and me maybe think is right to do. But that's not enough. We should hear from the end beneficial, the people we want to help. They welcome to do what we want to do. So in the following months, I made some arrangement. So in May, I took CZ to Africa.  Really, he doesn't understand the technology that much. So we talk about some fundamental things. We talk about in his old time, the butter time, you know, like he exchange his cow actually for some food. And then we talk about why we need US dollars. And then we talk about actually what's the fundamental role actually for crypto. And then after those kind of very basic conversation, you know what happened. The president become very quiet for a few minutes and he look at Xi Jinping, he said,  to work with us, to develop something to work for us. So this is the presence said, you know, after some very good, very good, you know, that's 74 years old. But this actually, after that conversation, I said to CCS, I said, CZ, now I'm taking your offer. I'm going to head the foundation. That's actually how everything started. That's awesome. Yeah. And actually, why first, uh, head up the foundation, what I thought, you know, this finance limited resource, but still quite powerful, you know,  Genuine they're just using you know, like the charity Philanthropy, you know hat but you know if you're looking deeper on the business model They're actually working for their personal gain and the other 50% I think it's a very early stage of development That's one of the reason we came to the idea instead, you know, just you know giving the money away We need to do something and today we two years ago. We realized what is really missing It's not just people shouting about doing good things  I'm really proud of, you know, for the industry we demonstrate something in the last mile. It actually value creation for crypto on the ground. It's quicker, cheaper because looking at a bigger perspective, what crypto do? I know Anthony, you believe crypto going to replace fiat. My view is actually in the coming few years, crypto at least should play a very important complementary to fiat. And then in order to look  we empower them with something like a bank account, allow them to do value transfer. And I think this is also something I think for the industry we should consider. It's not just making some one, the 1% of the crypto industry user richer into thinking about how to have the mass adoption for crypto users. And I think the bottom billion people is the people in need and we want to serve them. Yeah, part of this to me is you can go try to convince people in the United States  Let's get people who the system pretty much works for them to switch over. That's a pretty hard and tall task. Instead, let's go serve people who they don't have access to any of this stuff. Now with just an internet connection or a mobile device, they now can get all of the services and value that the Western or developed world has had for a long time. You guys are doing that in a very unique way by, it sounds like first giving people crypto wallets who can now receive funds and  on that and in order for us to leverage that to having a you know a Crypto ID, you know to allow the first basic infrastructure for value transfer But on top of it in the coming years There should be more things to develop how we can actually making our data becoming our assets and then we can actually at changing our assets with the others through the system There's more things to develop. So my view is today blockchain still is like  have the most important basic infrastructure for the system and keep trying.  CZ committed all the listing fees actually is going to be 100% transparent to charity. So this is important for people to understand. With crypto exchanges, just like in traditional exchanges, there's a listing fee. Yes. That listing fee basically is an amount of money that company pay to get their token or their stock listed on whatever exchange they're trying to do. CZ and Binance have committed that 100% of all of those listing fees will be put into the Binance charity and donated  generation, you don't need to become super rich, become bill gates to support people. At this stage, you can't and bind as a company while doing that. And then in this, I think we want to encourage the whole crypto industry, you know, the company, you know, following this footstep to do this. And secondly, if you are looking at actually the way the charity operate is the only charity today, actually, we charge zero administration fee. We talk about early on, if you donate $100 to something, you know,  So right now you guys only accept donations in crypto you're working on fiat right, but right now I can donate to Binance charity in crypto when I make that donation 100% of the operations and administrative costs are covered by Binance right so my hundred dollars in Bitcoin or BNB or whatever it is goes directly to those on the receiving end of that development work or that that philanthropic work And like you said I can actually track it transparently on a blockchain  This is the beauty. Yeah, but it's not just trusting the system as much as it's having confidence in the system because I can verify the system. Exactly. The verification is what builds that ultimate trust, but really just confidence in what's happening because I can see it. Sure. And actually I have also a few questions for you, Antin. How long have you been in the industry? So we were talking about it before, end of 2015, beginning of 2016. So what's that? Four years now, something like that?  here is just people are going to trust the machines and software over other humans, right? There's a whole bunch of reasons why that happens. But ultimately, when you do that, it has a pretty profound impact on the world, right? And the biggest one being eventually you choose a currency that is a fully transparent monetary policy that can be verified, right? So I think Bitcoin eventually becomes the global reserve currency. But then if you look at how do you apply these, they're really automated triple entry accounting systems, right? Triple entry accounting is, I think,  is already today.  think  you know, for the non-crypto user that looking for truly values in this. So that's something I would really encourage, you know, more people coming to work in this space. The way I think about it is like a unit of improvement in quality of life, right? Exactly. And so if you look at like the richest people in the world, if you met, if you could somehow measure like the unit of improvement of quality of life, Bitcoin, BNB, Binance, crypto, blockchain,  and you're like, okay, but you started with one user, right? And then you grew 5,000%. Well, that's much harder, or that's much easier to do than, let's say, Google, who's got hundreds of millions of users to do 5,000%. And so I think that that improvement in the quality of life is really important, but also it's almost like if you can affect a human's life, where you want to go to the highest impact area, right? And that bottom billion is obviously a place where you can do that. We were talking before the podcast, and I want to make sure that we cover  live video in Africa to shooting on the impact we've actually achieved through our charity project. This is like the year-end video? Yeah, yeah, in 2019 video. We showed it actually in Miami two days later. I think when you really... This is something very powerful for me is when my team are working in Africa on the ground, working with the people, you understand  time issues when they grow up. So that's why we initiated what we call the pink care token project. You know? The pink care token project. The first stable coin for the industry because people say, hey, you know, like maybe the fluctuation, why donate, you know, my money. So we introduced actually a stable coin. Basically each pink care token represent to supporting one girl  Stable you just buy you know hundred stable tokens and you actually all the tokens go to end the beneficiaries You know a counter from their account to the suppliers and then we have a system to tracking everything So this is something we were and in this project we have more than 46 Crypto companies participated they are saying hey, you know as a company we want to fulfill our responsibility each company at least support more than 100 and thousand skills  like the school supplies and things like that. It's about 30,000 US dollar equivalent per year to support for the lunch project. You know that 30,000 dollars per year would support how many kids? About around 500. 500 kids they get lunch for a year. Yes. You know, we thought I think education is very important. But you know, when you are on the ground, why we are supporting lunch, a lot of children, they go to the classroom with empty stomach. They're not even focusing on the teachers.  Africa you've never been to you can actually point to point support that today may be just the charity But then when we have a better SS value system, you can actually transfer values globally This is something which will they believe that's how crypto, you know should actually create truly values globally What do you think is? 20 years from now, what do you think that by national charity looks like? I'm pretty sure there will be a lot of new  engineers, tech people coming to the platform, thinking about how they can achieve their personal goals. And then at the same time, you know, I'm pretty sure a lot of beneficiaries going to be benefited. I think the world should become a better place for my sense generation can pair. And that's why we call ourselves our industry shapers. The work we are doing probably not going to be the same 20 years later, we'll take another very different forms. But I want to  can have. There's a lot of people who are going to listen to this. What's kind of your pitch to them as to why they should participate via Binance Charity versus somebody else? I would use the word actually Steve Jobs once said, he said, Ah, invoking Steve Jobs, very smart with the tech audience. He said, Now Siri wants to yell at me. Okay, go ahead. Sure. He said, innovation, distinguish. I don't know what Siri's yelling at me now.  because this is still early stage of the technology. As I said, technology is still looking for application. But I'm very proud of the work we are doing is we actually never stop trying. And then we are really focusing on the last miles, working with and beneficiaries to understand what they need, what they want. It's not just what I want, what I need. So I would encourage more people actually to join our project and also even inviting them to Africa and to some, you know, this year we  to think about purpose and it's pretty young I think actually for most people to think about that. This is a little dark question but it tells me a lot about somebody. The day you die when people say, whoops sorry, she's dead. But they say but the world was better off because she was here, she did X. What you're remembered for, what is that X?  in 2011 what country Ethiopia prior that actually I spent a year in Switzerland so from Switzerland to go to Ethiopia it's pretty big difference huh yeah and then I stayed you know at 2011 there's only one five-star