 What's up everyone? This is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off the Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  and then doing this. Thanks, Paul. Really looking forward to it. We're recording this on a nice cold day in New York City, so we're warm now inside. And I forgot my jacket of all things. I had to suffer through the streets out there. It's cold, but it could be worse, right? Let's start from the very beginning. Where'd you grow up and kind of how did you get into the defense and intelligence stuff? So I'm a farm boy from Western Pennsylvania. What part? Near Pittsburgh.  I was in a closed in Backwoods tiny town turkey towns actually the name of my hometown Turkey town turkey town, Pennsylvania. We got only in Pennsylvania. Yeah more cows than people I my older brother went off to the Naval Academy and I saw him come back from from there a different man and Positive or negative? Completely positive. I mean he left as a boy came back as a man and  It was virtual logic and it was built around a concept of a virtual company where you have a shell at the top of just administrative systems things that you need to to function as an employee but underneath that was a bunch of entrepreneurs and so they were really creating conditions where you would go and and Eat your own and so as you came into this you're really being mentored by entrepreneurs In the DC area is one of the fastest growing companies in in DC Purchased by a big company. I won't say  years in the Navy and worked in a number of the nuclear energy and kind of power aspects of the Navy. And I was shocked at just how obvious it is that nuclear power is important, right? And kind of the, I understand there's a bunch of controversy around it to some degree, but what is AI controlled nuclear power? Yeah, so obviously safety is a huge thing. And so mechanisms to allow you to detect when things  boiling among other things that shouldn't happen. And so having effective tools to combine all the information to be able to make a decision faster obviously is important. Got it. People seen the movie, Chernobyl, that's even in the early 90s, the kinds of technologies that were being produced for nuclear energy of self safe reactors that could not, even if someone was malicious, explode, cause  But it was very clear, I think, just the complexity involved in this, and it becomes very obvious that machines are probably going to be better at doing it. I would have thought in the future, but it sounds like even in the 90s, the machines were actually better at it than humans. Well, so it's one thing to do a research thesis at MIT. It's another thing to have it in a production reactor. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So, all right. So you go, you join the NSA first, then you spend time at the  It merged with CIA's research. And so I spent that decade in ARDA and then IARPA. My focus was AI. So I was there. The early programs, one called Novel Intelligence for Massive Data. Another one that I worked with was AQUITE, Advanced Question Answering for Intelligence. So those programs were, AQUITE, for example, was about teaching machines to answer questions. And the intent was,  and kind of community has done a great job of driving research and development over the years and then commercializing the technology. How does that kind of come together as you're there working on it? Yeah. So in advanced research activities, you're really looking at the time horizon 10, 20 years out. So, you know, again, at the time working quantum computing among other things and the roots of AI and specifically the focus there was on natural language processing and really building the foundation  faster and better than the adversary. And that involves processing information faster. In finance, it's known as alpha. And so it's the same basic mechanism. So our focus first is how can you process a large amount of pros in order to help an analyst get effectively a bionic knowledge worker, allowing a person to reach out further into the information space. And my specific focus was on how do you blend human intuition and machine speed in the space.  an expertise and a lot of experience, which is there's data that's provided to you, right? And it's how do we analyze the data that we have regardless of whether we should have it, not have it. Is it from citizens, militaries, you know, adversaries, whatever you're really focused on. Okay. We have this data. How do we look at this data and analyze it for insights and then also to make decisions from it. But that's a pretty wide open kind of, you know, white space, like, like, how do you start to, to look at that and say, this is the areas we want to focus on?  that was profound, still profound, is that value information matters to folks. It's relative, so a piece of information that's relative to me and what I do is different, so there's no universal sense of value. But it came down to four fundamental parameters or dimensions. Obviously relevance matters, things that are relevant to you different than me, and if I'm getting a bunch of information not relevant to you, that's not useful. But it's profoundly important to get novel data. That is data that  in terms of delivering valuable information, novelty. And mathematically, it's a much harder problem. And novelty meaning, so if you take that search algorithm, the things that show up on the first page are the most popular pieces of information. It's the most discovered, kind of the most widely accepted as fact or truth, etc. Novelty would be what's the thing on the 472nd page of the Google search results. So it's related. It's just either not very well integrated into that, that kind of web of information on the first page,  the center. And so there's some hard challenges associated with doing that. By the way, search engines don't do this well. Yeah. And actually they're built to do the opposite, right? They don't want to surface the novel information at the forefront of the results because that is unlikely to be what the majority of people are looking for. That's right. So this opened up an interesting line of research, but then I was off to DHS to do other things of how do you actually get valuable things  together. It's hard to work in that setting and creating systems that could work in a coalition environment where people have different authority competing interests is a hard challenge. It turns out to be central to the financial system. So I really learned some key skills there. I happen to work on a very important project that led to some of the things that we did later. Okay. What was that project? It's called self check. So I was the lead architect on the system. It was a front to E-Verify. So many people know  then allow the person to raise a flag and then the government to go about fixing it. What that requires is if I'm going to check what the government knows about me from a privacy perspective, it better be me who's checking on my data and I shouldn't be able to see yours and vice versa. So that came down to identity proofing. How do you know that someone is who they say they are? And that piece, when we combine that on the back end engine of eVerify, we created a system that was very effective. What were the ways that you could verify?  There's a lot of tools now and there's a lot of players in the financial services space who have worked on or are working on effective identity-proofing models. But it's an important problem for the financial services space in general. And the problem that we find fascinating now is not just can we verify you are who you say you are, but how do we verify that you're permitted to perform a function? Yeah. And we'll get into that. Yeah, for sure. And so you spent time at DHS, did a whole bunch of work there. You guys won some awards and things like that.  So the central intelligence agencies for really national security But it's important that the someone who's out in the field is getting the information they need to I was sort of a CIA is more diplomatic and kind of quote-unquote spy and you know, all that kind of stuff was the di is much more ingrained in the military and those Soldiers airmen, etc. That's right. So it's a different delivery Target you're actually trying to get your information to folks out at the customer  challenge for banks because banks are really struggling with this right now. They know they need to reform. How do they get the best stuff? And oftentimes in government settings, folks think advanced research is the answer. That's where the kind of community that I came from. We go, figure out a hard problem, we'll go and solve it. It's almost the wrong approach to innovation. So I'm going to break down two problems. I used to joke if you think R&D and innovation are the same thing, you don't do either one well. R&D is about knowing that there's a hard problem.  R&D programs by their structure, their long term, big plan, they're expensive. Internal blockchain R&D efforts at a bank can be quite expensive. The real answer is to, as quickly as possible, try the new things that are emerging outside. And building the techniques that allow you to quickly sift through those and deliver them into mission settings. That requires an integration framework. So what you'll see about our technology approach is we've made blockchain very easy to integrate  we were talking beforehand, some of them I expected and some of them I did not expect. Yeah, look, so the emergence of quantum computing, as it became practical, advanced cyber attack, defense techniques, just cool technologies across the board, mostly about information processing and this cool technology called blockchain. This was obviously of interest and I'll tell you, the interest in 2012 was tracing what was happening in the blockchain space.  It sounds like you guys were in 2012 already realizing hey, there's transactions occurring here. There's this immutable ledger We don't actually understand who these people are that are transacting How do we take the identity work and overlay it with transactions and start figuring this out, right? What was the the goal or why did you guys think that was important work to focus on? Well, I'll tell you so I'll give you exactly the moment. So I did my first Bitcoin transaction I was out at the Aspen Institute's getting like how this was amazing got really cool  It doesn't care. It does care about you know when the North Koreans are using it to to to attack our private sector Components and then laundering the money out so they care about that and attack and attack in that situation is they're busy hacking Some Sony hack is but others, you know, so they break into people's wallets. Remind me what happened with the Sony hack so Let's see what the time frame was is probably 2015 2016 the North Koreans  coming out suddenly splayed out there on the internet. So they successfully carried out a cyber attack there. Now they do other things as well. There's many folks, I'm sure, probably in the space who are attacked. I've had folks come after me, nation states who do, in the space. So it's a distinct threat. They steal, they launder. But the thing that really made it apparent to me that there was an important need to regulate, and this industry,  And we work our tail off for privacy, but anonymity is not Can't stand in a setting like this because all through human history when you've allowed for anonymous financial transactions what follows Is untoward the kind of things that governments have to step in so two questions one caches Anonymous transactions for the most part. How does the defense sector kind of go to sleep at night?  see that leave the bank and someone's going to say, where'd that go as part of this? But what I can't do practically is carry a million dollars worth of cash to Iran. Now, it can be done to be sure, but there are laws against moving more than 10,000, or at least you must report when you move more than $10,000 across borders. It can be seized. So there's significant risks associated with it and it's precisely for this region. So cash can't move anonymously anywhere in the world.  Bitcoin if I had it, I wish I did, you know to do someone in Iran and within a few minutes they could could use it and So that's the point or I could send it to a human trafficker in in Thailand that that's the thing where a government Has to care about that. They have to care So this is a big thing with stable coins that we're intent on doing regular stable coins and we have the tools to do regular stable points There's this feeling sort of in the industry. Well, it's a managed stable coin. That should be enough  mental exercise, but like the surveillance state, right? Hey, the man, the government is watching and preventing me from doing things, et cetera, versus I have privacy in my individual rights that are, you know, kind of inherent in the American democracy. Yeah. So privacy is a fundamental right. It absolutely is. And it must be respected. It's an important thing that even in the intelligence community, folks are are taught. There's an executive order called 12 triple three.  private, the very things that I was telling you about anyone can look in on the ledger and see what's moving around means that's not a private transaction. Through zero knowledge proof, there's a better way those transactions can be obfuscated such that only those with the need to know will know. And the next part of that then is how do you know who has a need to know? We'll go into that here in a little bit. But then what's really cool about the blockchain, that same immutable ledger that allows you to see, to verify that a transaction took place  in ways that they aren't aware of. So we believe in self-sovereign identity, in a concept which allows you to protect your own privacy data. Now what's cool about the blockchain generally is you can obfuscate. So you can take and tie behind the scenes a person's privacy data from just a unique identifier. And even there, the unique identifier can be obfuscated. It's important for compliance reasons  So I'm a US person that's necessary in this transaction to know that, but there's a lot of US persons. I'm an accredited investor. There's lots of accredited investors. I'm not a principal in the company, um, in some company. And you know, those things can be known without having to give up the PII. Yeah. So basically there's a privacy in the aggregation and anonymization of your details, right? Basically I can, I can describe you without saying who you are and because that  How do I know that the person who did that check is in fact legitimate? Because you end up with a race to the bottom problem if anyone can apply that attribute. Well, the financial system has rules for that. It requires you to be a regulated financial institution with a compliance function to be able to verify a person. But there's other attributes that matter for securities transactions. And it's not just a credit investor, which is what most of the security token offerings in the space think that's all you really need to know. You need a lot more than you need to know.  there's assurance that only legitimate things are happening at practically no cost. That revolutionizes all of finance, everything we know about finance. And so I guess as part of this, before we go talk about security, one last question about the DIA, NSA, DHS, et cetera. One of the things that I found fascinating in some of my other conversations is that some of these government organizations were finding ways to acquire Bitcoin for either investigations, research, et cetera.  in 2012, it's not like today where there's all this information available, or you can just Google around, you can learn a lot. I think a lot of people were kind of, hey, we had to learn by doing things, right? So kind of like, what was that like? Yes, I look, I can't speak for all of government, all of research, or even in particular agency where a lot of things are going on. What our particular cut on this was just looking at the blockchain itself. So you didn't even have to have Bitcoin to do to analyze the transactions that were taking place on Bitcoin. But I mean, this may, may or may not be surprising. There was a lot of seized Bitcoin.  When you leave dia what year 2015 2015 and kind of how do we go from 2015 to the start of a secure? I founded security in 2015 and it was really wasted no time I know so it was really on this on this concept So we saw that you layer identity and and then later we found out compliance on top of blockchain You have the perfect financial institution, but the other observation was there was a lack of stable value in the space so I couldn't invest my kids college education in business  and a currency and that's where the name Securancy came from. So we found it under that name in 2015. And then we couldn't deny that there were securities. Of course there were securities. That was the name of our company was that there were securities. So we had to build out the compliance layer to make it safe to transact in these instruments. So I thought, given how quickly were you able to tokenize things like income streams, I thought it'd take us about six months to build out the compliance layer.  that was a lot bigger than what most folks saw in the space. It was also a topic that no one really cared about then. And we talked to VCs about compliance in the blockchain space. Many of them were just getting familiar with blockchain generally, but they certainly didn't see any reason for compliance before 2017. So we stayed very low profile during that time as we built out the tools. So the other early observation that we made is interoperability matters.  10 years from now, you're stuck in a ledger which is no longer used because it's outdated, something better's come along, et cetera. So from the very get go, you want to be ledger agnostic. And so we recognize the importance of that approach and built tools that actually allows security tokens to move between ledgers. The user can really decide based on the characteristics they want from a ledger where they want it to go. Got it. And so what have you guys built today? Right. Because I think you guys have kind of obviously been at this a long time, built a whole bunch of different things.  into different ledgers. So we can be private permission ledgers, public ledgers. We happen to believe strongly that public ledgers are the right way to go, but we don't really care. You lay the framework in and the compliance tools follow. And what that means is you have a mechanism by which you can create any token, attach a set of a policy to it, and the token then knows what it's allowed to do and will only allow itself to engage in transactions between known and qualified participants. This can be whether the value is a security,  Our target always was institutional investors. So the thinking that you tokenize a piece of real estate or a piece of art, that you're going to suddenly get liquidity, if you don't have a liquid investment thesis, you're not going to have liquidity. So in other words, if I can't know if that piece of real estate is in good standing without looking at it, there needs to be proper disclosures associated with it. And if I'm not in a walled garden, you know, the natural access to a whole bunch of investors is not  They sense that their industry is going to be transformed by what comes next to the blockchain enabled fund and So they were looking for solutions really to move into this new space, but they couldn't compromise on compliance Institutional players can't so when we came together we saw an opportunity to really solve a big problem in the blockchain space Got it. And so walk us through today. You've got wisdom trees now an investor You guys have the ability to what's fascinating to me is you're digitizing  So look, the fundamental benefits of blockchain to the traditional ETF space. So just to be clear, some folks are working on creating exchange traded funds of crypto assets. So traditionally traded shares, non-traditional assets. So the Bitcoin ETF is what you're talking about. The Winklevoss, Twins, Bitwise, VanEck, all these folks who have filed for, I want an ETF that allows somebody to buy a crypto asset.  Their industry is already under cost pressure to, as the margins are going down, you can obliterate the cost structures. You can effectively automate all the fund management through smart contracts. So it drives the cost of actually executing a fund to zero. That benefits, of course, investors within the space. Second key benefit in the long run is greater distribution, actually in the short run, greater distribution. So they produce a fund, it trades here in the US,  US investors could get easy exposure to European treasuries or to European stock exchange, et cetera. You want that and that requires you to have instruments. Traditional financial instruments don't cross borders easily. Tokens that know the rules of all the borders actually can't and that's a new kind of market. Yeah, and I guess part of this is it's an access play, right? To me, the part that gets misunderstood or is  So just as an example of exactly that point, so look, just boiling down, fundamental benefits of blockchain. Consensus immutability is central. The distributed authority is central and accessibility is central. All of these things are critically important. Like you said, accessibility is really important. Early on in our project, 2016, we worked through MIT Connections with a company to do securitized loans  that there isn't accessibility there. It also is an investor benefit. So let's not kid ourselves. Institutional investors really benefit from having diverse investment opportunities at global scale. So being able to get access to the growth in real estate in Eastern Europe, that's a great exposure to get when Western economies slow down, et cetera. They don't currently have practical and liquid access to that.  Big point right now. So the kinds of assets that are in the security token space are generally limited to accredited investors. It's a very small pool. Wisdom Tree's offerings are publicly traded exchange traded funds. You obliterate that small circle of folks who can actually enter the blockchain space with these new kinds of instruments. They're not so limited. So we can access pools of folks and give them high quality investment grade instruments in the blockchain space that folks didn't previously have access to. That's a big story just by itself.  Let me show you this interesting problem. All financial transactions are really movement of value between three dimensions, liquidity, yield or return, and stability. So when I take money out of the bank to get cash, that cash is depreciating, I'm moving from yield to convenience, utility. So that's a fourth dimension that tokenization brings in, which is utility. Within the blockchain space, the volatility  Suddenly goes away when you can put it into a higher yield treasury components or even more Looking at securitization or other yield or return and then when you want to use it You can convert it to cash to make to conduct a payment Really instantaneously, so those things really transform the way that securities behave. Yeah, what is the biggest obstacle for you guys? Is it on the compliance side or something else?  that need liquidity. So we decided that was the market for us to attack, to go into. And we found that it was heaven for us. The sovereigns there recognize that they're very interested in blockchain. They need to pivot their economies from oil-based economies to new type models. The regulators know that the sovereigns want to get into this market in a bigger way.  developing a pilot with regulators to show how you can move value across borders and respect various jurisdictional regulations. It's really institutional adoption. And again, institutions have a lot to lose within this space. We are institution friendly, built for integration with institutions, but they just don't move aggressively into the space. Balance sheet matters in finance is another key problem.  I think through working with Wisdom Tree, et cetera, after you go through ETFs and kind of do that work, what's the next type of assets that you guys would focus on? Yeah. So again, for all of these things to work, for things to be convenient, you need stability. And so the ETFs had to be the starting point on this. But as you move out from there, there's really