 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  that I've worked at and I think he's the only person that I directly worked with that Facebook has been on a podcast. Those were very fun days, so we got a lot to talk about. Thanks for coming to do this. Thanks for having me and I hope your audience is prepared for all the embarrassing pomp stories. I don't know if there's any of those, but we'll see. All right, you've got probably one of the most fascinating stories in technology that I know of. You were born in India and then you end up working at Facebook,  India. It's a sleepy little city in the south of India, which was surprising. He has a lot of tech people coming from it, like Sundar's from there. There are many other folks from there. I convinced my dad when I was in high school to buy me a computer, which is a fairly big deal for him. It was expensive and I had to convince him that it would be productive. And I taught myself how to code. I was not very social. I just kind of sat at home every single night and we couldn't really afford dial-up in  I'm going to tell you a sentence which doesn't mean what you think it means. We met online. And the story is, and it's not because we swiped on each other. We, back in 2002, we had a friend who wanted to build a website. He did not know how to write code. He added the two nerdiest friends he knew on Yahoo chat room. So this really tells you how old the story is back when Yahoo chat rooms are a thing. And we were supposed to build a site. The site never got built, but we would chat with each other every night from like 11 PM to like 5 AM. And we just chat. We didn't even know.  Microsoft was launching Visual Studio Express, which was meant to be an addition meant for students. And what they would do is they would do this conference and they would send an exec and they would have a keynote demo and they would get a local student to come on stage and to compile Hello World. And to be like, ta-da, and now you as a student can use it too. But the Microsoft India team didn't really know many students at the time. And because of some stuff I had written online, somebody sent me a cold email from Microsoft saying, hey, would you like to come over to Bangalore and then do this thing? And at the time, you know, I was, you know,  recruiters at Microsoft, are they immediately vetting you as potential employees or is there like a, you guys are like, Hey, how does this work? Like we, we've had a weird experience because you know, the exact we met, uh, who's so much, it was now a fantastic VC at Medrona ventures. He actually invested it. He actually put in money in my wife's company 10 years later. So it kind of brings its great full circle. Um, he, he didn't know who to send a couple of random kids to. Um, it was not his purview. So he put in a couple of random  or coming to Seattle?  in trouble, a bit torrented copy of Pirates of the Silicon Valley back in like 2002. By the way, still the best Steve Jobs movie of all time. And we were just these random kids, you know, being like, someday we want to be that. I know it sounds like cliche, but it was really true. And in 2011, we got our green cards and became permanenters in the United States, which was a big deal because this meant that, you know, we could actually leave Microsoft and go do other things.  I believe she was either summer or winter 13. She launched his e-commerce company called Lumoid. They did a fantastic five-year run. They sold a couple of years ago. And she now, by the way, works at Facebook. But me, back in 2012, I was like, well, one of us, she's doing off there, building a company, but she was kind of shipping box out of bedroom and being really scrappy. And I should get a regular job. And I had a lot of friends who had gone from Microsoft to Facebook at the time. And this is a very interesting time for Facebook because Facebook had just gone public. And if you do remember,  And so the big question that market had for Facebook was like, can you monetize mobile? Can anyone monetize mobile? Now, of course, but now we're sitting here in 2020, this all sounds crazy and silly, but that was the big question thing. And at the time, you know, I told myself, you know, look, Facebook, I want to work on consumer apps. I work on data centers, but I want to work on regular consumer apps. And Facebook felt like they knew something, which the rest of the world didn't. And I wanted to go learn that. And once I joined Facebook as a PM, I told myself, I know nothing about mobile.  I joined the beginning of 14 and we both worked on the ads team doing different things, but I remember going to meetings and the people that I remember being in the room specifically are you, Michael Sharon, Mike Kudak, Bos, all these people who now have gone on to either do different things or continue to do great things at Facebook. And I literally remember looking around the room sometimes and being like,  that literally it looked like it was bending backwards on itself. It was just explosive growth. And so it's just a really cool thing to live through and kind of experience alongside so many great people. It was. And honestly, it was each of these things you can only look back in retrospect and be like, well, I was very lucky. I could have joined a different company. I could have been a different team and I would have missed out. So, you know, I can't claim I was, you know, some of my, I just wasn't the right time, right place. But I think if you look back then, you know, today Facebook ad seemed like, you know,  incumbent in power. But back then, it wasn't a given. We were just like a bunch of people and we knew everyone, a small group of people who- We all fit in a conference room. For the most part. Like Mike Hudak sat in the corner, I'm gonna call him out right now and he would sit up on the filing cabinet, right, with his microphone and the other 25, 30 people would sit in the room and everyone, that was it. It was. And I still think I probably learned the most interesting lessons in those few years at Facebook. What were the lessons that you learned?  Evan Spiegel at Snapchat and then Jack at Twitter. So it's not just, oh, I worked at this company. It's these decisions are being debated at the highest levels of each one of those businesses and you've been there to kind of see how those. Yeah. So, you know, if you want to jump into that, I think, you know, one thing I found is, you know, when I was at Satya, I was like Wade Jr., you know, in the stack. I would, but with these three, one thing you realize is each of them are incredibly smart. You know, in the top, if you,  I would love to get your take on it is one is optimizing for impact, you know Facebook or many or probably or everything else will pick impact So what does that mean? It means that in any decision you make in any product decision or hiring decision or anything you do you ask yourself like what is the most impactful way to go about this for example back in 2007 2008 when Facebook was thinking of growing there were many paths for them to grow they had grown in the US, you know  They'd go hire a bunch of people who speak Russian, Chinese, whatever languages. Instead, they just said, hey, we've got tens of millions, hundreds of millions of people using this site. Uh, anybody who speaks Russian who would like to help translate our site from English to Russian, here's some tools to do that. Right. And go back to the impact. It was like, if you go and you hire, you know, Russian translators and it's very kind of centralized and methodical to take a long time to get to the impact in terms of just kind of open sourcing to some degree tools that then allow people to help  that Facebook builds both technological and cultural missionary to focus on speed. So, you know, when they launched this translation product, it probably wasn't perfect, but they knew they could make it better very, very quickly. Like we saw this when we did ads. When we launched, you know, the original version of the Facebook ad products, it didn't have a lot of features that Google had or the competition had, but Facebook got so much better so quickly. And I think one of the lessons I learned there is I think it's very easy  You guys, when you guys built and launched that it went from zero to a billion dollars in revenue in 18 months, I think. Right? Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. So the backstory then is, you know, Facebook at the time was trying to figure out, they had an interesting problem. They had, they were in the ad tech world, these phrases that we use called being supply constrained and being demand constrained. And what this means when you're supply constrained is, you know, you have a lot of people giving you money, but you don't have enough space to show them. And if you're demand constrained, you have a lot of places to show these  They were very good at getting demand. Yes, you don't do it. You'll be like, oh my gosh, we have a lot of demand and we don't know where to put the ads. And I remember, uh, I mean, there's like, you know, probably seven, eight years there as I'm getting in trouble. At one time we looked at some numbers and we were like, wow, we are spending less than 10% of the money that advertisers want to spend on us. Like people are basically like, I want to spend a hundred dollars with you. Facebook would only spend like eight or $9 of their hundred dollars. And so there was this question of, well, how do you actually go show these ads? And you have to be smart about it because  We had shown all the ads we could in feed at the time and we're trying to figure out what to do. I remember literally being in those meetings and Rob would say winter is coming. Yes. Right. Remember that was the big mantra, which was essentially saying all of the ads were going into newsfeed, but there was only every feed load. Basically every time you refresh, it was like six or seven ads and they were sold out every time and there was still more demand. It's like having a business with a line around the corner and you're like, we got to have more supply because we got to  and a few others, we kind of put this effort together. It's called the Facebook Audience Network, where we said, look, where is Facebook really strong? Like, we are strong on mobile. We are strong inside apps. And we're also really good at showing ads which look and feel like they should fit within the app. Because ads at the time where these big banners, which would kind of like, you know, slide up or they would slide in and they were annoying. They were not fun. And Facebook had really discovered like how to show ads even feed natively, which felt a part of the experience.  And we have a great set of advertisers and these are ads which are not annoying to the people who use you every day. And so it's kind of this play factor which worked really well. And again, it is one of the things where after six to eight months, it really took off. And I think at the time, and it still is really a market leader. But on day one when you guys launched, it wasn't like, hey, this is more than a billion dollars. It was terrible. It's like for months, I think we didn't make any money at all. And at the time we were wondering, is this ever going to be a thing?  would have, they would always ask like, what really you know, draw revenue and these analysts will always be looking for an answer of what we launched project X or product X and that made all this money. But the answer is never really that the real answer is more like, well, we had like 2500 different machine learning model changes, which each added like 0.1% and they will compound it. But that's really hard to go explain. And I think that's kind of better. Like the hard work is never really in these flashy launches. It's like looking at the data,  team for Facebook pages. And Alex is kind of one of three people who kind of really runs the growth team at Facebook. And so to most people in the growth organization, he was, you know, this guy up on on this thing, but I was going, yeah, and you said it, not me. And I didn't know who he was. Right. And so I guess he had sent an email and I just missed the email. And so my boss at the time walks over and he goes, hey, did Alex Schultz email you? And I was like, who's Alex Schultz? And he's like, can you check your email? Search like, yeah, he goes, you should probably respond to that one. So I responded and he was  I remember one time on the Facebook mobile, so it was like the mobile interfaces on like really bad phone connections. People who were using kind of like the T9, right, so they would kind of click through. We drastically increased the page creation, so kind of the top of the funnel for advertisers, by simply moving create page further up in the stacks so people had to click less times on the button to get to it. Like not a groundbreaking idea, right?  I was just testing. I think growth, you know, has a bad reputation now as a word and sometimes maybe deservedly so, but I think good growth at the heart of it is looking at the data and experimenting and then letting the data tell you where to go. So I think really well run growth themes are fantastic at trying to feel like what is stopping a customer from doing something? For example, Facebook, and I think this was before our era, had this famous code of 10 friends in seven days or seven friends in seven days.  And they didn't make that up, right? It wasn't like somebody was just sitting there like, ah, I think that you should have 10 friends in seven days or whatever it was. No, they looked at the data and the data is highly suggested that there was a massive increase in retention if you had this number of users in this many days on the surface. So let's optimize for making people hit that metric so that then they will say it is. And I think so the interesting question, you know, and kind of tying these three companies together is, you know, if it's comprehensive Facebook and say snap, one thing I think is very interesting and I have a pet theory  I think a queue, everything the exact opposite. And I think of Snap and Facebook at many levels as the exact opposite of one another. So for example, and I'm going to tie this back into what we're talking about in culture. So if you think about Snap, you know, Facebook was always about, let's look at the data and let's look at where the data is going to lead us to answers. And they were really good at that. But I think one of the challenges with that approach, and I actually think they have done a fantastic job in handling this, is you can sometimes  where Facebook is often led with data and impact. So one, I think these are kind of mirror images of each other. The other way I think they're kind of different was at the time, you know, Facebook was believed in, if you remember back in 2009 or 2008, when Facebook did the first F8, you had Cuckoo's Cox, you know, chief product officer show up on stage and talk about how Facebook should be the story of your life. You know, everything from birth all the way to your time in school to your marriage, your first baby is going to be on the Facebook timeline. Snap said the exact opposite.  ways they were the exact opposites of one another, which I think sometimes led Snap to find product answers, which a lot of other people are struggling with. I'll give you an example. So, you know, now face filters and filters are, you know, everyone has it, every single platform has it. But when Snap first build lenses, it was pretty unique. You know, I think they had bought a company, but it was really the first company to kind of build that scale. Those look, look, Suri, I think was the name of it. Yes. You know, I think they were based off the Ukraine, if I remember. Yeah. And the question  the answer is to say, well, they just help you express yourself, you know, and you know, it's fun, it's weird, it's goofy. But if you unpack that, there are many reasons why lenses work. Number one, and this I think a lot of people would assume this, it's only to your close friends and family and it disappears after 24 hours. So the downside of me posting something embarrassing and it's staying forever, a future job prospect or a future spouse finding it are negligible, right? Or when I run for president, you know, getting embarrassed by that, are low. So one, your  glasses. A lens is a digital version of that. So they give you a social license to post a selfie because now you're like this is part of the product and you have these raw materials to be creative and to be fun. So once you know you're just not posting a selfie you're like doing creating a character you're telling a story. Which brings you to number three which is before lenses and stories you could not tell a story linearly. So I write screenplays and novels on the side I'm terrible at it and  didn't have numbers on the screen. So you had nothing which I think let people judge you or for you to judge yourself. So for example, even me when I tweet and the zero reactions, you know, I'm a big boy. I shouldn't need that affirmation. I kind of feel bad. Did I say something wrong? Do you not find me entertaining anymore? But with stories, nobody knows whether you have zero fans or millions of them, which lets you to be more open. Now, Snap was able to combine, I think, all of  Instagram and with TikTok a lot of other folks have found their own ways of doing this by the time it was like very different Yeah, you want to know an interesting fact that I found out earlier this week the entrepreneur I believe this is correct. This is what I read online Which now we have to question whether it's real or not because I read it online, but the entrepreneur who sold luxury to snap Created a second company has something to do with like more like AI but still around content creation And just sold that to snap as well for like 150 million bucks  And they had some fantastic talent and they were based out of Cluj, if you remember, which honestly was not a city I really knew a lot about before, but I was just amazed at the talent they had. And I think only now are you seeing like with the focus on remote work, distributed teams, the rise in costs in like San Francisco and New York, you're seeing much more tech companies leveraging that. But one of the things I think Facebook and Snapchat, I had at the curb around then is finding these pockets of talent in parts of the world  Facebook at the time I think the big acquisition they're done was I think they've done Instagram. They were about to do WhatsApp Yeah, they're 14 my second day at Facebook. They announced whatsapp for 18 billion dollars. I ever been like whoa Yeah, like this is big. That's another example of something I learned from Facebook where Facebook is very good at not letting Ego or not invented here syndrome get in the way So a lot of other companies would have looked at something like WhatsApp and said look we are on TV  of my market cap, it seems like a fair trade off. So there's so much in there, which I think a lot of other CEOs would not do. You know, having being able to set aside your ego and saying, I know we competed hard with these guys, but, you know, you know, I think, you know, I should look past it and bring them in, you know, focusing on impact. I think Mark has done that time and time again. He did that WhatsApp. He was doing that with the original Instagram acquisition and also later, for example, building stories into Instagram, which is very controversial. I think Mark has been very good at reasoning  at the papers pressed up against the door and he's signing it right on the front door of the building. And it's just, it's cool to see how meaningful stuff like that is to people. But I think also it's a testament to marketing executive team that that's somebody who's pretty missionary driven, right? They're not just building a company to build a company to make money or anything like that, to get them to kind of see a vision with Facebook, et cetera, and to pull off an acquisition like that's very rare. So two things that one is Jon's story is super interesting.  And also he didn't have, he wasn't a stand for any of the Ivy League schools. He had gone to like a community college. So in pretty much every respect, you know, he was the opposite of what a Silicon Valley founder should be. And in the way he built this company, WhatsApp famously hadn't raised money for many, many years until Sequoia came along. This funded themselves using the, I think the dollar a year subscription fee they had for many, many years, kept the team really small, really focused on performance. So I like to point at WhatsApp whenever, you know, people say, you know, kind of stereotypes  And he had said something like, look, if you're ever thinking of doing something, you should give me a call and we should think about this. And one holiday season, they were like, well, we should go build a trigger and how is this thing gonna work? And I think history shows it's gonna work out really well for all parties involved. Yeah, absolutely. What about Twitter? Twitter's the one that people probably, today, people listening to this podcast are probably most using, right?  This was the summer, by the way, when Bitcoin, which never sleeps, as you remind me so often on Twitter, had exploded. I think it got to like, it did the curve above $15,000. And I was out, I was writing a Solidity app. I was just kind of goofing around. And I knew Jack for a long time because I had been very active on Twitter. I have a little bit of a following. And Jack knew me. And Jack had just come back to Twitter, I think, the year before. And at the time, Twitter was not in a great spot.  So, there are all these swirls and the company had these big, hard questions to deal with. So, Jack and I had dinner a couple of times and Jack said, look, you seem to have an understanding of the product, you use it a lot, and we have these really hard challenges. But more than that, we have a really important mission. So, one thing I think connects all these founders and definitely Jack and Mark is yet extremely important.  And he really convinced me. He was like, look, the elections are just happening. So the country was going through this really interesting polarizing time, obviously. And Twitter was just playing a big part in world culture. I think Black Lives Matter had just happened the year before. And he's like, this company is going to be really important. We are going through such a rough time. You can come and help us, basically. And I was convinced. And for a while, I was a little bit queasy.  And Twitter had a fantastic team who as all the working ads and didn't need any help there and the question was well We need help to consume a product. So, you know and Jack said look we need help, you know helping people stay informed using Twitter so everything from user growth to Onboarding do the home timeline or how it ranks how it looks all of it search explore moments It trends we need somebody to kind of come in, you know Take over the teams and help shape the products and I said well this thing  influential communities and people using Twitter every single day. Like crypto is a perfect example because I think, you know, without Twitter, you know, the crypto community would not be what it is. Oh, for sure. Yeah. And, you know, everything from Vitalik to Naval to so many interesting people, you obviously on Twitter every single day. So you're such a public company and it's so public and it's the only company where the most important people in the world tell you how much you suck using your own product. So you definitely get that. So it was an intense few years.  text messaging. And when you send somebody an iMessage text, you don't think of editing it. And that's how they wanted to be the short, easy to send messaging. It's kind of the heart and soul of Twitter. It still is the heart and soul of Twitter in many ways. So edit was not a functionality that was needed. So one was there was this historical component. Second, there was this concern about, for example, let's say I