 What's up everyone? This is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off. David Pakman is currently a partner at Venrock where he focuses on early stage venture investing in consumer and enterprise tech companies with a recent focus on robotics, crypto and consumer products. He also was the co-creator of Apple's Music Group and a product manager at Apple, along with starting and selling a number of technology companies.  a lot about crypto, but we got other things to talk about as well. So thanks so much for coming to do this. Thanks for having me. It's like to be here. Let's get to your background. I feel like you as a venture capitalist, a lot of people know, especially younger people, but you had a whole life before investing. I did. I still feel like I'm a new investor. So let's start from the beginning. You actually were a trained engineer. Yeah. A computer science engineer from Penn. Yeah. Wrote a lot of code.  during school and then afterwards I moved to Cupertino and worked for Apple. And I was in the system software product group, I was a product manager and worked on a couple different operating system versions and then saw this collision of sort of music and internet happening. And you know, there was no need for, if you can send a song digitally over the internet, you don't need a CD anymore. And so it was somewhat obvious, I think that was gonna happen and I proposed to Apple that given, I guess my view was tech companies would be able  digital distribution technologies and trying to build a new music business. Yeah. The reason I thought Apple could do it was not only do we have the technology, but we were also, Max had been adopted by most creative professionals in the world. Still true today, um, in almost every creative discipline, but especially in music, you know, every recording studio had a Mac back then. They still do today. Every artist had a Mac. So we had a certain level of credibility, I think, with artists that could talk to them about, Hey, there's this new world coming. And Apple said,  You know I saw the Mac when it first came out and said this is amazing In fact I used a Mac at Penn in an engineering school doing all my coding. I was the only Engineering student who was using a Mac everyone else was using PCs I had to find alternate versions of the tools that everyone was using So it's pretty rare then it's not anymore And I love the products. I just believe that you could create Complex technology products that were easy to use that was apples mantra make great products so I wanted to work for them  So I'd wanted to work for them I started working for them in the summers like had summer internships and then went to Cupertino for a summer and you know I was in kidney candy store What was amazing about and then I eventually got a full-time job there as soon as I graduated I moved out to Cupertino What was amazing was just the quality of the people I mean it was kind of warped me in many ways because I was like wow Everyone is much smarter than I am and knows way more than I do and is you know determined they're passionate and I thought every place in the world would be like that  industry. Right. But hey, we hired smart people. They come to us with this idea. Yeah. Go do it. And then you go execute on it. Do you think that companies could be successful without hiring kind of the best people? Right. I debate this all the time with founders who say, you know, we need to, we need to fill that role. And how long do you wait to find the right person versus you need somebody to execute on it today? Yeah, I think it's, um, it's tied to one other concept. You can't just try to hire the best people. I think you have to do two things. You got to hire the best people and you need to empower them.  you try to decentralize it, you try to put all the innovation bottoms up, and what happens is you've got great people who are motivated and you sort of set them on a direction, you get great ideas, as opposed to limiting the number of people who are allowed to make ideas, which is sort of the legacy way that companies were built. And it's proven to be massively disruptive to the way industries evolve. There are courses taught, there are consultants that try to teach, half the companies we're staring out the window here looking at in New York City,  It's it's really interesting to hear you say that because when you hear it, it's I guess that it's absolutely what's going on there. Is that organizational structure or is that more cultural or is there both? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you have to build the org that way. You have to tell people that's what we want you to do. You have to demonstrate over time that that's the way products evolve. And and then you build an institutional culture around it. But it's very common in tech companies. I'm using the term Silicon Valley broadly. Right. We do that at New York companies. We do that in Austin.  What's an mp3? Yeah, well so this is like mid 90s like 95 and I think by 96 or 97 The number one search term on the internet was mp3 really it was higher than porn Wow and That's because that was the only way to get music digitally was to get to get an mp3 and Napster came about around that exact time as a way to make it even more convenient to get mp3 mp3 was just a file format for compressing music in high fidelity  Any idea of an iPod coming down or previous look many years several years before I write. Okay. And so as you started to get into this, was it, Hey, we know exactly what we want to go do. Or was it just there's Apple kind of our ecosystem, our creativity, innovation, and there's music. Let's go figure it out. Like, like how much was it a man? I know what we wanted to do, but we, I would say there were two main thrusts. One was we had a set of technologies called quick time, which was really a suite of audio.  Kind of a mess to manage whole you start getting a whole lot of them and you need tools to manage them And Apple is pretty good at end user software experiences So maybe we need software to help people manage their libraries of mp3s and then you eventually saw iTunes emerge Tool for ripping CDs and storing your libraries and this is all pre streaming So you had these very large collections of mp3s. Yeah the creatives response to this right I think today it's become much more popular  the forward-thinking people were the artists who almost always, if you think about it, are the ones who were adopting technology very early in the cycle. So in the 80s, you had all the artists adopt synthesizers long before traditional music did. And what did that do? It created a whole boom of sort of particular style of music or genres. Drum machine, same thing. Now thinking back, things like auto-tune and different algorithms used in music creation. So artists are very forward-thinking and love to try the new thing.  like the control that we have through CDs. We want to prolong this as long as possible. Is it like a fear of disruption or something? It's just control. We want to control it all. But the independent labels, the indie labels, because of Bio, so their nature need to experiment. They were willing to really experiment. And the first labels that were licensing music for use in digital download were all indies. Yeah. It's kind of like the innovation comes out of necessity. Totally.  people, but many times you might choose to take that to a startup. So most of my mentors, the folks who I admired and learned from who were several years older than I was, that was their path. They were at Apple for a while, then they left and went to startups. So I was like, oh, I'm going to do that. And so I left Apple and I went to a startup. And this was in the mid-90s. I went to a company called N2K, which was on the first digital music companies, and it was trying to sell digital downloads online. Really? Yeah.  trying to do that now. Okay so you do that and then how do you go from N2K to kind of the creation of this digital locker? Yeah well so the thing that was somewhat obvious was people have a lot of mp3s and they're storing them on their local hard drives but the internet connects everything so what happens when you leave your house and you get to work and you want to listen to some music all your music's back home on your hard drive well it doesn't make any sense right so let's move the music off your local hard  become certainly more convenient than you know, carrying a hard drive around. And that company was called My Play and we got to about eight million users and we sold that one to Bertelsman who owns BMG Music. Yeah. It's funny because I remember being a young kid and everyone was running around with you getting someone's car and basically the way you could tell if something was cool or not was what CDs they had in their CD case. Right. And that was kind of the rather than carry on the hard drive, you literally carry around a CD case.  will improve, et cetera. But somebody has to be those first steps down that path, right? Are you kind of aware of it at the time? Is there frustration of, man, we wish that we could technically solve this, or do you understand, hey, we're early to this and it's just gonna take some time to improve? It's a really interesting question, Anthony, because I was young then, and I feel like today that those years I was very certain of where the world was gonna go.  in a truck, like we called it, Adams to bits. That was so obvious to me. So I don't think we, we were probably more impatient, right? Like why, come on to these damn phone companies are so slow at rolling out higher bandwidth connections because it will enable such great experiences for consumers. So we had to compromise, like we had to make websites that could load on slow connections and we had to do some kind of cross sampling or down sampling for high-fidelity  a big deal. I think that's like some of the first digital music I remember interacting with. But it's interesting because a good friend of mine constantly says that the best entrepreneurs are short term, urgent, long term patient. And I think that it's kind of a perfect example of, I mean, still today, right? That there's still streaming improvements going on, et cetera. And we're talking 20 plus years later. Also, I think it's relevant to the crypto conversation we'll get to, I guess, soon, because I think a lot of people in crypto are certain  A lot of my mentors stayed at Apple five or ten years, left there, did a startup or two or three, and then became VCs. That was the path. I was like, well, that seems pretty cool. I like the idea of helping entrepreneurs once you've been a good one. I like the idea of learning about more than one area. The real moment for me was after spending 15 years as a digital music entrepreneur, I did N2K, CD Now, I did my play, and I teamed up with  And I was fortunate enough to find a firm that was looking for somebody like me. Got it. Did you know what else you wanted to look at or was it just outside of digital music? There's a whole bunch of other areas. I want to go help entrepreneurs in those areas. I'll figure it out when I get there. I've sort of been long internet since 1995. Right. Like it was like this is going to just changes absolutely everything. Like it literally takes the value proposition or the value chain of every industry and throws it up in the air and it's all going to resettle totally differently. And we're still.  at the time. It was like, this is, smartphone's going to change everything. Once again, we're going to reorient a lot of pieces. Everything has to be rebuilt for mobile. Yeah. And it's crazy too, uh, because it's still happening, right? I mean, I see companies all the time getting started, but I'm like, wow, that's a really good idea. I can't believe that the internet hasn't touched that corner of the world yet. Um, and you know, good bet for you to be long internet says 95, but, uh, you know, 25 years later, still, still happening. Yeah. And I think what you're, as an entrepreneur, you usually want to ride a wave, right? Because rising tide lifts,  is AI a wave, and is crypto a wave, right? And when you have waves that are really big, you might argue cloud was a wave too, right? Re-organize the entire sort of infrastructure stack and corporate software, enterprise software. If crypto's gonna be a wave, then a whole lot of things are gonna get reoriented as well, and that's, I think, why many of us are poking around there. Yeah, so some of the things outside of crypto you're focused on right at Venrock is kind of audio and voice, AI, especially like software development,  I was asked right away, so is this a new platform? Will you see audio apps like you saw apps on mobile? And will we have Cambrian explosion of lots of new products that are built for voice? And we didn't know the answer at the time, but over time it started to become clear that actually this feels a little bit more like an and not an or. Like you're adding voice to apps like a feature, but it doesn't replace the last mechanism for  are one, it doesn't have commercials. Two, I can watch whatever one I want to watch, when I want to watch. And three, I can binge watch it. Oh, interesting. Number four was I like the shows. So the first three reasons why Netflix is popular is because it's better than TV. Yeah. Yeah. It just exactly the format corrects the annoying things of television, of linear television. Um, so first thing you learned about that is if you are trying to compete with Netflix, like your legacy guys,  Okay, we're gonna go do this, but we're still gonna do it in a way where we're fighting the headwind of the consumer trend or the consumer behavior and you know what it doesn't work because the What I think most legacy media companies still don't fully get is the consumers in control But the consumer has infinite choice and just votes with their eyeballs and they go somewhere else, right? So if you make it high friction or you are substandard experience compared to the competitors You just lose their attention right so Netflix wins on the attention, right? Yeah, the thing that is really interesting  content, well, let's just cut out these studios and we'll go sink billions of dollars of our own capital into actually creating originals. And I got to say like it's pretty high quality stuff, right? Of course. Look, it's, um, they have the data. They know what the customer wants. Why don't we inform ourselves what customers want and then go pay people to make that. You know what? One thing I've said before is that guys who deliver entertainment over the internet can buy products  To get back to audio. I think if you think about podcasts, they're kind of better than radio Why on demand no commercials or at least more tolerant amount of interruptive ads Or no interruptive ads at all. Maybe an expensive read It's a little bit more like public radio that way but I can listen when I want and I can binge watch right and so I feel like Podcasting one of the reasons for its success is it's catering to the consumer just a bad  But I don't think what you meant by quality right if I like if I like song or yeah if I like One band over another yeah, I will go and find that band. Yeah, it's harder for me to yeah So so agreed the The the content in terms of I like it first I don't yeah But that also brings up quality of the format right and so if you think of one of the things I mean from a personal experience We do an ad read at the beginning of each episode after the introduction advertisers want you to do them during the episode  It's effectively going after radio. Yeah. Um, AI. So you, uh, are pretty bullish. It sounds like, um, and, uh, and have some very specific views there. Maybe just generally, like, how do you think of artificial intelligence and where we are and then maybe we can get into something like the software development. So, yeah. Well, there's just no doubt that it is, um, a significant change to the way we build software and the capabilities that software can achieve made possible by processing very large sets of data and having computers make some decisions.  How should I sell them? How should I price them? On and on. How much inventory should I make? How many different styles should I make? These are questions that businesses have been asking and answering for scores of years. But it turns out that humans are pretty bad at making almost all of those decisions. Given enough data and tuned algorithms, computers can make better decisions than the humans can. So you're really going after human decision making in enterprises  I think this is the logo, right? Or this is the motto. Over time, the people who have been the most disruptive or innovative said, well, let's look at the data, right? Who clicked on the most on that button, that type of stuff. But it was still a human analyzing the data. What you're really talking about is, why don't we give the data to somebody who's even better than the human? Yeah, put the computer in there and take the human out. Yep. So that's happening. I agree with you. You can you can draw it the way you just drew it and it looks evolutionary. And it kind of is like it's just putting more faith in the algorithms, if you will. But what is different is the process  and a couple more tech companies, right? Microsoft, LinkedIn, Microsoft. But very quickly you realize that over the last seven or eight years, the tech giants have tried to monopolize the talent on this, which just means that they're both advancing the state of the art and applying it in more ways and better than a lot of other legacy companies can. So it's created a bit of an unfair advantage. And that I think is what opens the opportunity to sell AI enabled products to enterprises who can't hire them  into it, it would show all the different variable combinations to traffic and kick out a couple days later, hey, this is the best combination. That would have taken 10 humans in a room, five days to just come up with all the different combinations, let alone run it. And so to me, that was less like the computer was making the decision, if you will, but it was more of using that testing framework and being able to actually, in a pretty scientific and methodical way, get an answer. So less AI, but more  Make the models Run on low power and sit at the edge in many cases. This is another specialty Have small footprint optimized models so all these are things that a bunch of humans are good at and a bunch of tools are being built to Scale and there are some investment opportunities there the one place we've been sort of skeptical is AI as a service Okay, explain okay, so like hi I'm a website with a bunch of really smart AI people who work here and you are we're  really well and so it's hard to be a generic platform is that a And this is a little bit in the weeds But is that a problem where the contributor of the data you've got a lot of worries about did they collect it correctly clean it label it Etc and so kind of the inputs to the algorithm could be bad there for you get a bad output or is it just really hard to Customize actual algorithm to the problem. I think it's more the latter. Yeah, it's I mean, it's not rocket science figure out how to clean and label data Although not everyone's good at it. I've given a lot of people credit  being used as a feature in a lot of software. So, I mean, obviously your voice assistant is using a lot of AI to understand what words you're saying and then understand the meaning of those words. Google Photos and Apple Photos are using a bunch of intelligent, a bunch of computer models, AI models to do facial recognition and find where your dog is in every picture. There's no human doing all that. And those are features that we're getting very used to today.  or something, HP announced, we looked at our website logs and the number one reason people were coming to the HP website was to download the drivers for their printer. So we put that button on the homepage and everyone's like, oh my gosh, that's so smart. Now like consumer can get right to it. Let me go look at my web blogs. Let me look at my logs. So then a bunch of tools started coming out to analyze your logs, but it still was like tools, analyze logs, human reads logs, human  your purchase history. We know you like sushi so let's show you the food delivery for sushi. But suppose you took everyone's data who comes to your website and every version of the website you've tried and you threw that all into a model and you gave the computer a whole lot of other information like the time of day and the weather in the area where the customer is coming from and the computer looked for correlations that when it's called out and you live in Duluth, Minnesota  or how to build, what features should be shown to the customer. And if that happens, if that really is true, then software development changes because your software looks like really just like one AI model talking to another AMI, I'll talk to another model. And there's not a lot of tools to handle that. A couple companies that are doing that. So I think maybe software development itself could be implicated on a broad scale because of this change. Yeah. And as you think through that, it's almost to an extent, your time, the computer, Hey, we don't really know exactly all the questions you should ask,  humans have to understand what they're optimizing for. The second thing it brings into question is like the downside of AI, right? Or kind of the fear I'll call it, I mean the downside, where what if the machines go off a cliff and they start writing all these algorithms and the Facebook example, I think is the best one where everyone's like, oh, they were talking to each other. Maybe, right? Kind of how do you think about humans telling the machines what to optimize for and making sure you get that right? And then also how do you kind of prevent the doomsday scenario that is probably overhyped a little bit?  that we're starting to wake up to that. A lot of people are saying, wait a second. They're manipulating me. Right. Or I don't want to be mindlessly scrolling and I'm having a hard time stopping. And that's because like they know the psychology of the dopamine hit you get from seeing yourself mentioned or someone like you. So it's all built. It's all, it is manipulating us. It's just, you know, it's going to our base behaviors and keeping us on their website longer. And then some people are starting to wake up and say, I don't think that's good. So what are we going to do about that? You're going even, so that's today, like that is happening today.  I'm a computer scientist, but I'm not a data scientist. I didn't study AI in school But I'm still of the mind that you know the smartest people in the room tell me that we're just nowhere near that right and when you See how long it takes to get some of these algorithms to and to just do very basic things you realize that they're not smart in the you know They're not intelligence in the human sense I always go back to this idea of it seems like a lot and you're much more educated on this than I am but from the elementary  humans, right? But if you flip that back to what we're talking about the audio side, it's almost as if all of a sudden the creativity that general intelligence will become more valuable in the future because the repetitive type tasks and decision making, etc. The machines will kind of have a monopoly on that. Well, what can the machines not do? Right. And so whether that's content creation, I recently met a guy who he's rolling up ad agencies. And his whole idea is, look, there's everyone focused on how do you get more people to click on the Facebook ad, but there's still this niche of  derivative because no surprise you feed it a lot of Mozart it you know spits out something that sounds strikingly like Mozart that's amazing in and of itself but when you think of