 Alright guys, bang bang! Jeremy's here. Super excited about this. Thank you so much for coming. We got a lot to talk about today because you come from the non-crypto world into the crypto world. Let's start with the background first. You started out doing everyone's favorite  It just didn't really dawn on me that I wouldn't enjoy it after I got out of school because the school life and the Actual career life are pretty different when you talk to be in an auditor you like flying to the location You're locked in the room that they've turned the AC up really high to get you out of there quickly Yeah, more or less. I mean it was all in the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex area so not really on the in airports for that, but it was insurance companies and very much in the  for a small third party administrator which runs corporate health plans. So larger companies would partially sell funding to kind of create their own health insurance products. It was a really interesting B2B application of the insurance world and launched an office for them in Austin and had a lot of fun doing it and did well. All right. And so how do you go from doing that to managing the wealth of what I think we've already dubbed as poor rich people before we started recording?  and at AG Edwards in Austin in the year 2000, just in time for the dot com. Man, you ran right into the teeth. Perfect timing. What was it like? So dot com crash happens. It seems like the world's on fire. What's going on inside the company? You're second guessing yourself, number one, from walking away from really good money to start over. But from a money perspective, it actually wasn't that bad because it's hard enough to convince somebody to  So after you go through the first kind of teeth of a bear market, you ended up actually going through a second one. Yeah. So, you know, halfway in the middle there, we left the firm and started our own. I had a partner and so we, you know, we were kind of entrepreneurial already, wanted to launch out on our own. And then we went through the great recession and that one hurt more, obviously, because by that time I was, you know, somewhat successful, had clients, you know, I could swing hard in the dot com bubble and nobody didn't  And it was for whatever reason I was just naturally drawn to that, but I knew that it was you know dull boring spoons It wasn't you know you cannot provide big legions of advisors in the Merrill Lynch's of the world the UBS is a world with sharp instruments where they can hurt themselves in other words about it's about capacity if you can't take if you can't ingest a hundred million dollars of new capital a month into your strategy you can't be on a big platform so that  I didn't know how, I didn't know how to figure that out, but I set about trying to network into the family office world. And you gotta understand, the family office world doesn't hire brokers or advisors, they put people on payroll in their office. And so those two worlds are pretty exclusive, they don't usually find a way to connect. But I had a connection, there was a family office in Chicago worth 100 million and another one worth 150, and they were patriarchs of families whose children  Which which was a just a total blast for four years, you know every time they got on airplane I went with them and learned all about you know hedge fund investing private equity direct deals Real estate direct deals venture capital it was it was it became the the education that I needed on which to form the the center of my current practice Well, there's two pieces here, right? So the first is that there's a big difference in the mentality and kind of  you  Yeah, there's a lot to unpack in what you just said, and it's really a passion point for me. The laws that regulate the quote-unquote private placement world haven't been changed in decades. I mean, 1940, the Advisors Act was really the last major piece of legislation that governs how to qualify for participating in private placement deals. So it's kind of interesting that 100 million  If you figure out how to plug into that deal flow network and you respect them and you ask good questions and you get on airplanes and you go visit them and you're interested in their projects, you don't actually always have to put one to five million dollars in these deals. As an advisor, I represent 20-ish families and my capital commitment to that deal is meaningful to them even though at a ticket level it's very often 100,000 or 250,000.  you're right out of college, you write to me all the time and say, hey, I want to do X, what's your advice? And I always tell them, I say, look, first of all, you shouldn't be asking me for advice because I don't know your situation. Some random guy and you're some random guys. How do I give you advice? I don't really know. But one piece of advice that ends up working regardless of who you are, what you want to go do, et cetera, is just go find people who've already done it. Yeah. And they'll teach you. I tell my kids and I try to practice this myself. It doesn't help you to be the smartest guy in the room. In fact, rather, you really need  We did a number of hedge fund deals early and maybe I can bifurcate them into two different worlds. One of them was coming to grips with $100 million wealth being okay with a 5% return in a market neutral strategy that was supposed to get 10 but somehow always got five. My clients didn't like that. So there was a big, I had to make a shift to understand $25 million absolutely does not think like $100 million.  and that was fun to watch. It was really fun to find a thesis that was contrarian to, you know, very complicated product to get your head wrapped around it, find enough confidence to put an allocation and then just watch it take off. Those are always fun. Yeah. And we turn out there about around that return profile, right? Is there's a very offensive and defensive mindset difference between 25 million and less and you know, a hundred million and more.  the wealth I have and so there's a offensive versus defensive mindset and You would think that for the everyday American. Hey, if I got 25 million dollars, I'm protecting the hell out of that, right? But it's just they slowly go from they have nothing to they have a million bucks to five million bucks at 10 to 25 and They still are looking up saying how do I get to 100? How do I get to you know more? Yeah, so I have I have a theory or two about that. I you know, you can you can have a good career and cobble together a million two million three million bucks  about the psychology of generational shifts, where the second generation doesn't have that. In fact, they know they don't have it, and so it's more of protect and preserve. So there's a couple of, and there's no stereotypical thing. Every family is different, but these are generational shifts and sort of wealth accumulation shifts that kind of happen in my experience. Yeah. One of the most powerful things somebody said to me early in life was they said,  And so what he basically was explaining to me was like, look, a million dollars is a lot of money in short bursts, right? If you make a million dollars in a year, if you sell something, make a million dollars, whatever. But over a long enough period of time, even if the salary level is low, you can accumulate top line dollars. But there's taxes and what's your expense ratio, right? If you make 50,000, but you spend 60, well, you're not gonna keep anything, right? But if you make 50 and you spend 10, actually,  So it's really interesting. All right, so let's talk about kind of after you got that crash course, where you spent four years going and seeing all these things, what did you change in terms of how you worked with your clients on the wealth management side? So they don't have $100 million, but they're kind of in that five to $25 million range, et cetera. What was the general change that you saw or how did you talk to them differently?  I think the bond market today with a two handle, pretty unattractive place to try to collect a yield. Do I like tax liens? There's some really sharp tax lien strategies you can clip in a really conservative way, 6%, 7%, 8%, 9% a year with a really secure piece of real estate backing you up. Why wouldn't I do that? You have to take liquidity risk. It's obviously not as liquid.  up because that's really only time it matters. Nobody cares about correlation when everything's good, just when it goes down. All right. So this is important because I don't think a lot of people think about that nuance. Explain in more depth why that is. Like why should people care about the correlation on the downsides or in the bad cases and not so much on the upside? Well, because everything's the whole point of diversification is to protect your capital in negative events.  as we correlate in a rising market, but strongly negatively correlated in a falling market or vice versa. And invariably, what we see is in a capitalist world system, in a capitalist system that we have here in this country, you have everything connects to everything else. The high yield bond market connects to the equity market. The globalization means the international markets connect to the US markets.  They cut the interest rates and they start printing money. It seems like now we've entered a world where the cutting of interest rates is pretty well understood. There's lots of speculation on what they're going to do at each decision point. The printing of money, it's no longer are they going to do it. It's pretty much, look, we're addicted to this and we're going to have to keep some rate of inflating the monetary supply in order to keep this train going. If they stop, it's going to get ugly pretty quickly.  somebody money, I don't care whether you pay me back or not, your collateral is worth, I'll take your collateral and I'll make my money on your collateral or you'll pay me back. And there's all kinds of investment opportunities like that. If you do your research, you can clip near double digit yields in a portfolio. Explain, can you give me like an example of one of those? Because I think the private credit space is one that we've spent the least amount of time talking about you. But I've got a very good friend who runs a shop and that's been one of their main focuses  The McGathey's is a good deal.  I mean, you know, if you if you're depending on the cap rates, you buy it. There's a way to conservatively lend money on that deal so that if and as the senior lender, if he screws up, you take the keys. So so as long as you lend it for a dollar that is at or below fire sale prices so that you know that in 24 hours you can get rid of the property and get your money back. That's a really strong, compelling asymmetric risk return profile. I get my capital back in the worst  And that's true in sports. That's true in board games, whatever. That's what family offices, especially the wealthy ones are doing in private investing. Yeah, I'll tell you a deal just because I'm thinking about it as you're saying it. But this is an actual real live deal that I'm doing in Austin. Can I get in? No, please. Nobody call on this because it's actually fully capitalized. I don't have there's no more. But basically, you guys see me using the podcast for deals there. No, a real strategy has been revealed. No, it's it's it's an  There's also this kind of fire, fire, financially independent, retire early, you know, minimalistic millennial ethic, you know, the tiny home movement. That's all big in Austin as well. So you could have an $80,000 tiny home sitting on a pad next to a $5,000 used, you know, pop-up trailer. Yeah. And that's neat. It's really fascinating. Well, the, you know, we basically bought 30 acres of dirt on the edge of Austin and we're developing  did this with mobile homes. Now they didn't buy the dirt, they bought the actual mobile homes themselves and rented them out. One of the things that I had never thought of until I actually went and saw what they were doing is how much more dense the acreage can be when you're renting it out. It's kind of like what the WeWork model was. Now WeWork went in and took a big space and then cut it up and then rented it out in little slices and made a, well, they were supposed to make some upside or net something there on doing that. Same model here.  can turn $10 million into 20 in a three year period of time. And the upside is compelling. The downside is pretty minimal. I mean, you know, the dirt is on the edge of Austin. It's on a killer corner in a really busy place. And so if if I don't get the right to build the park, I can sell the land today for more than I bought it. So so we love those asymmetries. Yeah. And part of this too is you're talking about doubling your money, right? We'll get crypto in a second.  really good piece of dirt and one of the best markets in the country. And five to 10 years from now, it'll be worth two to three X anyways. Yeah. Right. And so it really comes down to what those liquidity needs are and kind of what the appetite is to the investor. And I think that that's one of the things that the public markets probably don't provide, right? Just given this daily price, yeah, lots of volatility. They got television shows talking about it, right? They've got newspaper headlines, like, you know, all this stuff's going on and it's very easy for people to get in their own way and make emotional decisions.  of lose everything, I better be right more than half the time or I'm not making money, right? So that's why even something as crazy aggressive as crypto is compelling because there's a small right tail risk exposure, two to 5%, it can go to zero. I'm okay with that for the trade of it going 20 to 100X. I mean, I'm making that number up, but it's, if you have enough upside and you can throw that bet enough times, you're going to compound capital. Yeah.  in the worst case scenario where you lose it all, that means you lost 1% of your assets. Right. Right. Which nobody wants to lose money, but you've contained the risk. And so I think that that's part of this as well is what scares me personally is I see, you know, you know, folks on, uh, on Twitter who are like, look, I'm a hundred percent. Right. Right. And what I always say to somebody when they ask, you know, is that a good allocation? I say it's impossible to answer that question. Right. Because guess what? For a 16%  they don't have any wealth saved up, but they also don't have a lot of expenses, has a very different risk return profile that they're targeting than the 50 year old who's got three kids that are in college right now, high expense ratio, et cetera. And so I think that that's the mentality and the education around these investors to me has been the most shocking thing coming from more of the tech industry into finance. It just blows me away how, not even uneducated, just unexposed to what  It's just a really fascinating, nuanced conversation that is part of why I get paid.  make more money. And the making more money may actually be easier for you so you don't have to change your lifestyle. And guess what? If you save $200, you make $500 more, you actually end up with more money by making the $500. And so it's kind of trying to expand the mindset from not always just being, how do I contract? How do I spend less? Spend less. Well, sometimes growth can actually get you to where you want to go faster than the, let me stop spending, let me do this. For sure. Totally. Which I think a lot of  What the hell is this? It's both. For crypto, it was actually not a client coming to me. But I mean, that's another passion point of mine is I sit down with my clients quarterly and I'm like, here's the numbers, blah, blah, blah. What are you invested in right now that isn't in my portfolio that you're super excited about? And every client gets that question every quarter. So there's a lot of inbound deal flow that I get to be curious about. What's the weirdest one?  head wrapped around that thing. Good deal. It was a horrible deal. Is a great idea, but it was a bad structure, which happens all the time. Great ideas get killed by bad structures all the time. When you say bad structure, explain that a little more. You know, it's the whole pre-money, post-money valuation, you know, how much the company is being sold. Is it an equity instrument? Is it a debt instrument? What's the risk that I'm bearing for the capital that I'm laying out? And so parsing through the deal  and  idea that coin desk or coin telegraph, right, these kind of more niche sites exist, what you do is you Google, right? That's exactly what I did. And you find, you know, all kinds of stuff, Bloomberg article, right? And I just picked a random one, but you're talking about something in 2014. Yes, exactly. I got that article. The one you're talking about. Yes. All right. So you go look at it. I look at it and the further in I get, I mean, it's a rabbit hole, man. I got in and it was, you know, there's no getting out.  Right and so and we did our research and we came back at the end and said no, there's no way there's really risk Yeah, there's security risks like who wants to go who wants to buy shoes online? I gotta go try them on like I'm going to the mall like what like obviously stupid hindsight And after a few years and I look back on that I'm like wow that was really dumb like I missed that one and I'm like well that'll never happen again in my lifetime and I distinctly remember That moment coming back in my mind when I started to understand  more work and I realized I don't know how to program open source code. I can barely spell blockchain. Like I don't know cryptography. I couldn't tell you good cryptography from bad cryptography. I don't. I don't. These are really deep sciences with really smart people that I'm not. So I didn't want to be a poser. Actually there are a fair number of poser hedge funds out there that have none of those credentials that are still somehow smart in the space.  There's a number of reasons.  other world. It will run its course and be useless and obsolete sometime in the future as well. But I felt like that's that's the only way that makes sense for me to do my part in that space because I'm a capital aggregator. I have clients that have money. People come to me to hear about things like this. So we launched a fund of funds. Got it. And on the fund of funds side, what are the types of funds that you found most interesting? Is it people who are picking individual liquid tokens? Is it some other strategies?  I'd have to look again 20 to 30 percent of the fund ends up going through a VC lot, you know, side pocket kind of a deal for those that don't know we talked about in terms of redemptions if you're an investor on the fund and you say, hey, my money back, there's usually pre agreed to terms. So it may be you can redeem every 30 days, but you've got to leave your capital locked up for a year start or something. Right. And the problem is if you go and take all the capital and the fund and you invested in illiquid deals that are going to take three, four or five years to materialize, if everyone comes and says, hey,  the  You know, I think this is a you know, this is venture capital meets liquidity. It's It's capture the beta. It's Stay with the smartest guys in the room and you better let those smart guys adjust as the market shifts I don't want I don't want the exposure in 17 to look like the exposure in 18 or 19 from that guy if he's seeing things differently So I don't want to pigeonhole people I just want wide mandates with the smartest guys in the room and I want a very small concentrated number  Very well, very small. We think there's maybe eight or nine like world-class funds in the game and we're in half of them and the other half we've chosen not to be because they're redundant Can I get you to name one? They're on my website so you can have all of them. So it's it's meta stable multi coin. Hey Zora Digital global and block tower  It's like look this is the riskiest thing in your portfolio, right? I mean first of all we launched the fun January 18 so it's down right there. They've lost money So we we slowly add more capital, but basically we're like look this is this is high risk it can go to zero But this is you know world-changing technology that if if we're even half right You'll be glad you own this in 10 years. What's the general sentiment when they're  In an hour and a half dinner meeting, we'll spend five minutes on crypto, five minutes on the RV park, which is going really well, five minutes on the biotech strategy, which we're not going to cover off the ball. As long as I've got a narrative of reasonable, reasonably differentiated ideas, some of which are working, some of which are not, but all sort of heading into the direction that I promised them we'd try to go, I'd really have,  the big differences between those sophistication levels.  right or wrong? Yeah, yeah. Do you see any of the clients who didn't have financial exposure, they get financial exposure, whether they do it or with you guys, and then you see them lean into kind of paying attention more and learning? Because one of my theories here is like this whole get off zero idea, right? It's like, look, I don't care if you got a penny or you got a lot of money in exposed to any asset, right? It had to be crypto, just anything.