 What's up, everyone? This is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off the Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  a management consultant. I did strategy and operations work for banks, brokerages, and asset managers. Did that for quite a few years. Then saw what investment bankers were doing. Financial structuring looked pretty interesting. So went to Morgan Stanley and did financial structuring and M&A work, again, for banks, brokerages, and asset managers. And did that for a little while. And then met the founders of Jump Capital, just as they were starting the firm and took the jump over.  jump 2013 any idea of crypto were they talking about crypto Bitcoin anything or was it more in the FinTech and financial services world? Yeah, so when I joined Jump Capital, which is the venture capital arm of jump trading I was just as the firm was starting in 2013 beginning of 2013 Met Mike McMahon and such Guinness were the two guys who were in the process of starting the firm at that time and I joined them it was just really unique opportunity  That's what first got me like really reading about Bitcoin and like okay like are people really buying this magical internet money instead of their you know keeping money in the bank because if so like either that's crazy or there's maybe something there. Yeah. And what did you guys do to figure that out like like so I think there's a lot of people who went through that mental exercise and during that time period and then they didn't do anything. You guys went to go try to figure it out in some manner. Was that more of like passive research by like googling around.  Get smarter on crypto really yeah, that's amazing and so at what point do you guys say? Okay, well we thought that this might be a thing Let's go do some research to this is a thing that we want to participate Yeah, so it was started looking into it from a venture and investing perspective in in 2013 and then it was not until I Think late 2014 we made our first equity investment in a crypto company So it was a significant amount of time that we spent just getting smarter  is a traditional kind of Wall Street and air quotes type firm where they essentially trade all different types of assets in a very kind of quantitative trading methodology, but maybe just describe, you know, had the firm get started and what does that look like today? And then we can differentiate that between jump trading and jump capital. Right. So jump trading is a, one of the leading quantitative trading firms in the world. Can we say the leading? I say one of them.  from the trading organization. We're structured as a fairly typical venture capital fund, except the capital that we invest comes exclusively from the owners and employees of Jump Trading. So we also, because of that, work very closely with the trading firm, kind of when appropriate, for making investments. So I lead our FinTech and capital markets and crypto investments, so I am very often working very closely with the trading side of the firm. FinTech and crypto is just kind of one sleeve of what we do at Jump Capital. We also invest in IT and data.  infrastructure for those types of companies is typically what we're investing in. It's a lot of data driven companies. That's definitely a theme. And kind of the way that Jump Capital differentiates itself is one, it's a thesis driven firm. So we go very deep in areas and look to invest, develop a thesis of how we think that space is going to develop and invest in the best companies in that space. And then we're also very operationally focused. So the team was started, the firm was started by folks that were operators. They built and run companies from startups all the way up to public companies. We built an office.  at the FinTech capital markets, crypto stuff. From a venture perspective, how much of the investments you guys make there are companies that could be partners or help the trading firm versus these are just good financial investments that we find interesting in those specific verticals. Yeah, it's a good split between those. There's a lot of fantastic investments that we do that have nothing to do with the trading world. We're investors in personal capital, which is the best online investment manager in M1 Finance.  one of, if not the go to like chart type platform, right? So you can go in, you can chart a bunch of stuff and as I like to say, just draw squiggly lines everywhere and tell everyone where you think the price is going. But from the trading view seat, crypto is like probably maybe one of the smallest markets, right? Or a very small market because they're in equities and all of these other spaces. And so it's funny to me how like the crypto world thinks trading view is so important, but trading view has, you know, I'm not gonna say that they don't think crypto is important, right? But probably they're  You're looking at FinTech capital markets and crypto, depending on how you slice those three. Those could be three very, very separate things, or those could be identical, right? In terms of what company you look at, how do you think about it as you guys are sitting there saying, okay, we're gonna come up with thesis. Are they vertical specific, or do you more come up with kind of thesis and future evolutions of these industries, and you don't worry, is that FinTech, is that crypto, and try to kind of place it in a bucket? Yeah, right now, there's still fairly  And so how do you find these companies? You guys come up with a thesis. What's kind of, okay, we think exchanges are going to be important. What's that process look like for you guys to go find investments? Yeah. So we find investments, you know, kind of three different ways. One is just very thesis driven. And that's, I would say the primary way. And that is like, we think, for example, you know, wealth management is going to become digital or kind of hybrid digital. So let's go find out the best company in the space for us. That was personal capital. Or we think, well,  with other investors because we don't have a monopoly on ideas. There's tons of things that we come across that we never would have thought to have a thesis on, but we see what somebody's doing and wow, that's really amazing. And then we also have some systematic sourcing ways out just to make sure we're seeing everything. Got it. And what stage are you guys looking for? Yeah, so we're mainly investing in Series A companies. So three to ten million dollar initial investments is what's typical for us. We also have what we call a growth equity strategy, which is investing in profitable or close  So, et cetera. Same thing there in terms of the split between how many of them can help the trading side or the trading side can be helpful versus the ones that are kind of non-correlated to some degree. Yeah, so in that space, a lot of them do have, the trading firm can add significant value, sometimes very, very significant value to companies that we're investing in. But some of them just are, they're fantastic companies building things that are really interesting, but they have nothing to do with the trading operation. Or maybe they just don't have an opportunity with the trading operation.  to become money transfer, transfer rails and FX rails that enable money to move around the world. That three emerging markets will increasingly adopt crypto assets. And that four, that the infrastructure is going to be developed to enable those first three things to happen. So if you believe those things, like how does, how do people get access to Bitcoin if it's going to be digital gold? And how does, you know, if stablecoins are going to be the rails that money moves around the world, like you need at the endpoints, you need to go back into fiat currencies at some point.  ballpark, are we talking a billion dollars a month? Are we talking tens of billions on a annual basis? I don't know. Yeah, it's a very large number. Yeah. And the amount of remittances that are going through Bitso has been increasing exponentially. Bitso just announced, I think over the last week or so, two and a half percent of remittances to Mexico are now going through Bitso. Really? Yeah. And those are all across crypto rail.  How?  I guess because it's only a couple of decision makers at a company have to make the decision once and then all of their volume can come over and go through Bitso. But two is it's a much harder decision because it's not like the one user who signs up and sends $10. Now you're talking about an entire corporation understand the value prop and switching over. So there's kind of pros and cons between the difference of being the infrastructure provider versus the end user provider. Yep, absolutely. Yeah, it's super interesting because, okay, so you guys got that. What are the companies on the crypto side? BitGo, it's one fairly recently.  trusted provider, their trusted name, like people trust BitGo. And then at the end of the day, if you're a custodian, you're selling trust. And they've been doing this for a very long time and a lot of people trust them. They've also built this incredible network of you have a lot of the industry is costuming their assets with you. You're in a great position to provide settlement solutions, to provide lending solutions, to hold everyone's asset and allow them to transact with each other without actually moving that outside of your custody. Just puts you in a really good place to provide the backend infrastructure for how the industry  Most, and just so people at home know, most of your investments are public, but there are a couple that aren't. So we can only talk about the ones that are public, obviously. Yeah. So what would be the one that is known to folks, but would still be surprising in terms of it'd be kind of a off the beaten path or difference in strategy? Yeah. Spring Labs is a little bit different. What is that? So Spring Labs is building a decentralized credit bureau. A decentralized credit bureau for like lending services? For lenders. Yes. Okay. It explains more. So how are they doing that? They are enabling.  technology to enable lenders to share information securely with each other and get compensated for that while disintermediating the credit bureaus. Or working alongside the credit bureaus, kind of depending on who you ask. So what is the benefit to the individuals in a transaction, right? Whether you're a borrower or lender, using that decentralized credit bureau versus a traditional one? It's going to mainly be for the lenders themselves. Got it. So for the lender, and it's more like accuracy of information.  catch up. So this internet thing happened and like how do I get my credit bureau which used to be more in the analog world. Now I got to get it online. So they basically took what they had and they modernized it a little bit but really did try to fit what they had to the internet. When I hear like decentralized credit bureau or other people doing these kind of digitally native businesses, what they do is they start building a high level, it's a credit bureau, but the way that they get there is  Yeah, absolutely. And then that kind of spans our investments in FinTech and in crypto. Like a lot of our traditional FinTech investments are just like, how can we build something that is native natively digital, which can compete better with these historical businesses that are trying to transform their business to compete in a digital world. Got it. What are some of the other themes that maybe you guys haven't invested in yet that you're either looking for companies or excited about? Oh, I mean, the the the lending and borrowing market we haven't explicitly invested in, although BitGo is certainly  Really early and more kind of theoretical than people are actually executing on it. I think it's mainly theoretical. Yeah, that's what I've seen. Yeah. Yeah, like the traditional the like digitizing or tokenizing assets I think that the most interesting part of that by far is currencies effectively stable coins Like how do you bring stable coins or fiat currencies into an open network? Kind of that is freely tradable I think that that is the first kind of major shift that we'll see and that will happen  demand for US denominated settlement and trading accounts for folks that don't have access to the US banking system or want to trade in places that don't have access to the US banking system. More generally, if you look around the world, there is strong interest in a lot of places in having USD denominated savings. Venezuela, it seems like they've embraced dollarization. How does that happen digitally? Stablecoins is my  seized, et cetera. I think Tether, for example, is much more kind of unregulated, kind of outside of some of those controls, et cetera. Do we get a world where there's consolidation around one or two of these stablecoins or do we see kind of a plethora of the variations and it's kind of a buffet, like pick what you want depending on what you need? My inclination is that there would be, there'll be various stablecoins for various degrees of regulation. So, yeah, like Tether is  as theoretically they want to come use it. Is it open because like, like, how do you cope? Exactly. Yeah. And I think that that gets to the core of why I'm so excited about stablecoins. Okay. Is because it is, it's an open network. Is that anyone, if you have a crypto wallet, you can receive dollars in USDC or other stablecoins. The banking system, the traditional banking system is a closed network. You need to, you need to onboard with a bank to get into that network. Or if you're a business and you want to have, say, you know, real time settlement, uh, you can go to  of  around adoption. I don't know. I don't think there's a clear answer, but that becomes a very interesting world because right now, usually what country do you live in? Okay. What's the native currency or the reserve currency of that country? That's what you use, right? Because it's just an accessibility thing. But if you take, if you break down those walls and you give choice and have more of a free market competition, is that good or bad? I don't know. What do you think? I think it's a good thing. Okay. Why? It gives me more choice and it allows people in places with, you know,  One side of the argument would be digitized currencies from major superpowers would bail out the failure of the Venezuelan government to the Venezuelan people, right? So you've hyperinflated away your currency. Basically your people are suffering. If they don't have access to something else, it's quote unquote good for you as the government because now all of a sudden you don't have to go come up with the solution. Like they can just get access to a different currency and then kind of stop the bleeding. Vice versa. I don't think there's a lot of governments that want to give up that control.  And that's that's going to be very different and very new one of the arguments I haven't heard that many people talk about that I would love for somebody to argue I'm not even gonna say whether I agree with it or not cuz I would have to think about it more is the digitization of the dollar would actually Further enhance the dollars dominance right so this idea that If you digitize the dollar more people have access to it because it is the global reserve currency today more people would adopt it and  banks do this or private companies? So like USDC is technically a digital dollar. GUSD is a digital dollar, right? Tether is a digital dollar, all done by private companies versus the governments themselves. Is that a sustainable model or do we need the central banks to do it? I think it will largely be done by private companies like what we're seeing right now. Okay. Why do you think that? Because central bank digital currencies, as they're proposed in most places, are issued on private blockchains or databases even. It's basically the government  records of all kind of US balances for a whole variety of reasons. So I think that will be done by kind of commercial banks and technology companies as we're seeing right now. How do you think kind of surveillance and the nefarious activities of governments play into this? Right. So like one of the arguments Alex Gladstein from the Human Rights Foundation is chief strategy officer there. He's done a fantastic job outlining. I don't know if you could say it's a probable situation as much as it's a potential situation.  Central Bank digital currencies is just kind of what you outlined is the nightmare scenario are the scenario that people worry about I certainly hope we don't go in that direction and I don't think we would in most countries But yeah, but that's that's the concern. Yeah, some of them for sure And then how do you think about corporations interacting with these table coins, right? So if you look at like a bit so who's doing more like remittance type stuff That's one component but USDC tether whatever it is Business is gonna move money, you know around the world as well. Do you see adoption happening?  It's available in every country. You're gonna have a hard time convincing the otherwise. Right, yeah, it's pretty compelling. At the same, our business is looking at using stablecoins right now for moving money around? No. Like, general corporations aren't, that's not even on the radar at this point. You know, it probably will be at some point. Or the vendors that they use will be using this as rails on the back end, which is probably more likely. Yeah. All right, what are the themes other than the kind of stablecoin stuff are you interested in? You said lending and borrowing, what else? Yeah, I mean, like market infrastructure,  That's something that we think is certainly like the market is maturing and it's going in that direction So we look to certainly invest behind that trend. So in traditional markets there's definitely folks who come from traditional world who look at crypto and they're like I can't believe that the exchange and the custody provider are the same right or some other variation of these different components being vertically integrated Is crypto different like is this time different or do you think that whether it's regulatory?  security, securing folks' assets, especially in crypto, is the most important thing. So why would the same company have all those different core competencies which are very different? So I think it's very natural that they get separated into best in class for each of those. I think you see that even Brian Armstrong at Coinbase recently said that Coinbase, they're separating the brokerage from the exchange, which makes it end the custody piece. They're breaking it down just like you would expect from a traditional  because we're going into a future where you're gonna take the best things from the traditional markets that crypto markets is going to learn from and they're also going to improve on the things that aren't ideal in the traditional markets. So this is one of my favorite topics, which is every once in a while I'll see a tweet dunk, which essentially is somebody quote retweets some announcement and says, congratulations, you learned finance. And it's usually somebody from Wall Street or the traditional markets realizing that the crypto world was unsophisticated  Another argument though on the crypto side is, wait a minute, just because you do something the way you do it doesn't mean that there's not a better way to do it. Those two forces collide a lot, I think, in crypto. I think what you're saying, if I'm understanding correctly and correct me if I'm wrong, is if you start out saying, well, maybe there's a different way to do it, sometimes you're actually going to end up saying, well, the way they do it is the best way, and so we're going to do it that way. But sometimes you end up saying, wait a minute, there's this other thing to do, and it's an improvement on that old world. Is that generally right? Exactly. Yeah.  for your business, then you end up somewhere. I think it's more of the latter. I really like companies that have people that come from both. Like people that know the traditional financial space and they know how it works. And then you've got a more crypto native folks that they think they can bring both those mindsets into maybe what works and what doesn't and what we can improve upon because it's not always clear. Yeah, it's interesting to me how we're seeing the disruption in innovation and Wall Street hasn't seen that.  Can we rebuild the financial system? Can there be a complete replacement or is this, we coexist the crypto world and the legacy financial world? I think it's definitely a coexist. Why? I'm gonna push you on this, why? Oh, I just have a very hard time seeing a future where the crypto world displaces the traditional financial world in the developed markets. I just don't think that will happen. I think that there is opportunities in other markets  something's gonna build that, it's gonna work, all that kind of stuff, but that's pretty self-explanatory. In the developed world, let's say you're right. The legacy world can't go away. If you were the disruptor, what are the one or two things that you would have to see happen to change your mind? What would be, hey, X happened? Oh, you know what? Actually, I think they could get disrupted. And I'll bail you out a little bit with this question. I don't know if I have an answer, but it's an interesting way to think about  and  salary. Well, at some point you say, okay, give me more, give me more, give me more. And do you say, you know what, I'm going to send the money I send back, but then the money that I keep here in the US, I'm actually going to keep in that currency as well. And now I want to spend it and I want, and it almost like eats into your wallet share to some degree or your portfolio share. Uh, I haven't thought enough about it to know like how realistic that is, but it's an interesting way to, you start on the fringe or like the, the more like toy type thing. And then eventually it becomes more serious and like, Oh shit, like, you know, 80% of my wealth is in this stuff.  if X, Y, or Z happened, I would like go do something else. So that wouldn't happen. That's a bold statement. I'm hyper bullish on crypto. Okay, so what are the big features? So what I worry about, and I did want to ask you this as well, what I worry about, like what's most damaging to the crypto space is if regulators decide they want to really clamp down on crypto and just kill innovation, like outlaw holding crypto in  Again, I think you're saying the same thing of it's not because you shut down Bitcoin, it's because you basically kill the adoption and the innovation and it's kind of like drugs. Drugs still prevail in the United States in the sense of they're there, people use it, whatever. But if it was legal, there's way more people who would use them than probably not.