 What's up everyone? This is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off the Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off. David Perreault is the founder of Write of Passage. This was an awesome conversation and one that I'll remember for a long time. In it, we talked about the importance of writing publicly, the downfall of mainstream media, what blogging did to transform the traditional journalism landscape, how the internet is enabling individuals to become a self-sustaining business instead of working for large companies.  David's brain is like Ken because I think that he sees the world very differently than most of you or I Which is both dangerous but also valuable. So let's see what we can get out of this Thanks so much for coming to do this dangerous revival. That's my new tagline. I like it. That's who tell my Twitter bio man. Absolutely So, all right. I met David three or four years ago and I was telling him earlier that he is one of the few people who I have met who  the fun stuff. Yeah. So we met at a Starbucks that I walk by all the time. I think it's on third and something like 48th and third or 28th, 28th and third in, in New York. And at the time I was thinking about starting a podcast. I was living in New York at the time and this would have been 2016 and I would intern in New York back when I was in college and I would reach out to people and I'd say, Hey, want to get together and cold emails, whatever. And people would say, no, get out of your college kid. And then.  moments in life where you say, wow, the world can be bigger and grander and you can actually create opportunities and access for yourself. And then when I moved to New York full time, I said, Hey, I'm going to start a podcast. And I came to you trying to say, Bob, what should I be focused on here? How do I think about this? And we had a great conversation. We did. And, uh, you were one of a few that I went through a period in my life where I realized I don't know, but you know,  building a lot of the content and the various platforms around writing. Yeah. So the first job that I had out of college, I actually got by skipping class on a Tuesday morning in college, one of those rainy days where it's raining so hard that the water is hitting the ground, jumping up and going back into your shoe. And I said, you know what, I'm not going to go to class. And I wrote a Twitter thread about the future of media. And I really wanted to work for a company called Laundry Service.  called Wasserman Media Group. The CEO was a guy named Casey Wasserman, grandson of Lou Wasserman, one of the big Hollywood names. Basically, what we had was we had an ad agency called Laundard Service, a media company called Cycle, and then we had a talent agency at the top. Our whole pitch to brands, this was actually very futuristic at the time, almost too futuristic, was that you could run an ad buy, not through a traditional media  this sense and still do that reach is absolutely underrated, not necessarily the celebrity kind of reach, but I'm talking more about influence, access to people who are thinking on your wavelength because it is getting easier and easier to take that audience and build a business around it. Yeah, it's, I think I've heard you say before, taking your social currency and turning it into financial currency, right? That's the barrier to that or the friction has drastically been reduced.  It was much more about I have a PR person, that PR person kind of is the interface with either media companies or any sort of positive or negative press. And so once he stopped playing, it's very obvious online that he's put a lot of time, effort, and thoughtfulness into building those social audiences. Now he starts with celebrity, but as he builds the social audiences, he's building influence, right? And now he's doing exactly what you're talking about. He's created baseball bats and shoes and all this thing to then sell through that,  much  ritual watch a watch the Casey Neistat video Casey Neistat was a youtuber had 500,000 YouTube subscribers and then on his 35th birthday one year He said I am going to make a video every single day and he did it for something like 550 days in a row one of the single biggest sources of inspiration for me and I had a Relationship with Casey that was so deep that I remember sometimes hanging out with people and saying how is it that I can see you?  of those relationships, right? So if you almost kind of think of one as a virtual relationship and it's kind of one directional, right? Like he's sending you content and you're consuming that content. Whereas if you and I get together for a coffee or something, it's a bi-directional relationship. We're both sending and receiving information. Well, in that bi-directional relationship, one, you're getting feedback on the content you're sending me, but you're at the same time simultaneously having to consume the content that I'm sending you, right? So it's a little bit more noise in that content consumption.  versus if you and I get together for coffee, it's unlikely that one, I'm gonna be able to kind of live edit the conversation and two, you don't have as much kind of input output that's a little bit distracting. And so I think that that plays into it a little bit, but also you're choosing to consume Casey's content day after day after day after day, because obviously you see something that is value there, right? And then I think it's a big, big piece of it. It moved me. I mean, to watch somebody who was  iPhone came out, he was making these videos where rather than pointing the camera outwards as had basically been the entire history of film, he had turned and rotated the camera 180 degrees and focused it on himself. And he ended up actually telling these stories about his own life long before vlogging was a thing. And the biggest thing I learned about Casey Neistat, and I wonder if this is something that you feel with crypto, is that you can know that something  So the conviction component of it, I don't know Casey's exact story, but I'm sure that Casey didn't feel like he was the only person who saw this. He actually probably was able to find a small group of friends who also believed that, hey, flipping that camera around, vlogging, all this stuff was gonna be a thing. But two is, it's not how many people believe it, it's how deep the conviction is, is what I found. So let's say that 1% of the world's population believe something. Well, if they really, really believe it, I think that that makes it much easier to see, well, eventually,  He used to work at Barstool Sports and I said to him one day, I said, you know, what's the one thing that you learned while watching kind of Barstool get built into at the time you're about a hundred million dollar company. And he said, showing up every day, right? He's like, look, you know, you're not gonna have your best day every day, but just showing up. And so many people along the way say, eh, I'm going to go do something else, right? I did this for 20 days, 30 days. I'm going to go do something else. But it's that, that constant persistence. I think that's really valuable. And I think that is something that your  access to ideas and the time to sit down and put their fingers on glass can actually publish something and reach the world with it. Now there's a lot more to that. There's strategy and there's tactics. But what I've realized is I have seven months of corporate experience. I have no credentials to my name. I was a B and C student. I graduated from college with a two eight from high school with a two seven. And my whole life has been  and then at other times like in certain math classes I was like this is going way too fast I can't do this and I felt this desperate yearning for the first two decades of my life of this feeling of perpetual inadequacy and It was through writing that I finally felt like some of the things that had always felt like strengths that I or weaknesses that I wanted to run away from Actually became strengths that I could embrace and I felt like through this kind of creation  while to me was to have not had, you know, I was in college in North Carolina and I always felt like I couldn't meet people who I could talk about ideas with. I love ideas. I just, I'm desperate. I have this yearning hunger and thirst for new ideas, new ways of looking at the world. But until I started writing, I wasn't able to meet people who I could share that with. And all of a sudden I would, after years really,  doing  What has happened is we've shifted from a space bias to a time bias. So let me explain what this means. In 1820, if you wanted to go find a new way of living, a new idea, what would you do? You would try to hop on some kind of boat and you would sail to a faraway place and you would know that when you got off the ship, you would see a way of living, hear a language, eat foods that you never even imagined. Now, if you try to  every single person consumed either a text message or a story from Instagram or Snapchat. And what I realized was, say we had 20 people or 20 minutes in that car, six people, so we had about 120 minutes worth of human attention that was only spent on things that were produced in the last 24 hours. If you had gone back to 1820 to a library, the vast majority of those ideas would have been produced at least a decade before or hundreds of years ago.  And then he's bringing those ideas into the present moment at Stripe. And it's one of the reasons that Stripe, you walk in there, it's a special place filled with energy. And I don't know if there's a company in the world that more of my friends want to work for it than Stripe. Really? Yeah. And do you feel like that's because it's the culture, the leadership, accommodation? Like, like, why do so many people want to work there? I think it's the culture. They have an amazing both writing heavy and intellectual culture. They have a, yes,  Irish place. That's pretty cool. Let's talk about write a passage. Yeah. So you created a course that teaches people how to write and at the top level or kind of high level when you hear that, I think a lot of people say like, what does that mean? Right. I took writing in school. I took English class, et cetera. I want you before you explain exactly how the course works and kind of what you guys have been able to accomplish so far. Tell the origin story. So I think it's pretty cool how how this came together. Yeah. So I was doing some just different consulting projects.  I was with a friend, he works for one of the big four consulting firms. We were together last week and I said, hey, what do you do for a living? Like really, what do you do? He said, well, I fly to a different city every single week and I have people answer the same 20 questions about security. And then we have a playbook of things that we do. And so what I was doing was I was helping different people, mostly financial writers, try to build their online websites. And I would say the same things over and over. And I have this obsession with  Sisyphus climbing up a hill when it comes to writing two steps up one step back is What most people try to do is they look for writing books written by Stephen King and stuff like that We're gonna go read on writing and then I'm gonna write the next great American novel and the the it doesn't work because Really what writing what at least nonfiction writing is at its deepest atomic level is it is having interesting ideas?  think with the computer and use that to kind of come up with interesting ideas. And so once you go through that course, did you know that, hey, I want to create a course or was it through other conversations? Like, like, how do you get from, wow, this course was really powerful and really valuable to me to hope I have ideas that I want to create a course for and help others. Yeah. So there there's one thing that really stuck out. So I was saying the same things to people over and over again and I sent out a tweet.  to invest more in the thing that you can scale. So I called Tiago, whose class I had taken, I said, hey, let's make this course, flew down to Mexico in the last week of February, 2019. We flew down a film crew from Hollywood and we spent 10 days coming up, designing an entire curriculum for a course, putting it together. And then we have now done a couple different versions and each one just gets better  components together. Cause when I think of online courses, I think of the Coursera's, you know, the world where somebody went in a room, whether it was one day or took them, you know, a year, they recorded a bunch of videos. They sequentially put them together. I buy my course. I watched the first video, second video, third video. And by the time I'm done, I've consumed the content that they created. There's no community there. There's kind of no live components. There's no ability to ask questions. It's just, again, one way content can sell.  The new way of thinking about how to connect with people, ideas, and opportunities. And what we don't just do is we don't just teach people how to write. We teach them how to actually think about what we call a personal monopoly. What are you going to be known for? What is the unique combination of skills, personality traits, and stuff that you're going to be known for? How are you going to actually use the internet to actually reach out, connect with anybody as one of our modules? And then how do you actually build what we call an online home and the serendipity vehicles for yourself?  And when you add in a kind of social community, it's one of the things that traditional education gets absolutely right. When you are with peers, you work harder, you're able to actually push through things more. And the analogy that I've been using is that it's the difference between a self-paced courses of everything is pre-recorded is like a cantilever bridge. I grew up in San Francisco and during the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, the Bay Bridge actually  that would never be created with these self-paced courses. Explain the personal monopoly things. That's a really interesting way to think about kind of expertise or branding, it sounds like, to some degree. What does that mean? Yeah, so Peter Thiel in his book Zero to One has this very contrarian idea that all successful businesses are based on a monopoly. And I wrote a very  want to be out partying having a good time and I put on a suit walked into this job fair and there were all these companies and you had all of these people walking around with their blue pencils their red pens their black notebooks and then the same tired looks on all their faces and There were all these companies, but they were basically from the same couple industries, right? They were these management consulting firms investment banking all this sort of stuff, you know, we're totally  then you kind of combine crypto, Star Wars, and being funny, and you're sort of the one person who has that unique combination of traits. Because once you begin to overlap skills, then you're competing with fewer people. But this is where things get really interesting. And this is actually what you, without knowing it, did an exceptional job with. And I've looked at people like you to sort of build out this theory. There's a three-step process. I didn't know I was getting psychoanalyzed today. Go ahead. But basically, I mean, it's people in crypto  and then you learn all that stuff and you share as much as you can and over time you actually begin to attract people based on your own kind of learning and the big thing there, the big flip for people is people wrongly think that you need to be an expert to write about something. No, writing is the way that you learn about the thing that then you become an expert in. Yeah, to me one of the things I enjoy about writing and I think a lot of other  agree or disagree. Right. And to me that the disagreements, uh, or the, the valuable ones, because what they do is they say, Hey, I saw you said a B and C A and B makes sense to me. C doesn't make sense. Here's three other data points that I would consider. And rather than say C, I would say, you know, X, Y and Z. And you're like, you know what, actually like, maybe I don't fully jump to your perspective on the world, but you can move me closer to that direction. But you only have one brain, right? I only have one brain. And so  So one of the things that we have in, it's funny that you say that because I agree so strongly that I think that at In Write a Passage, we're at the frontier of thinking about how to elicit feedback. So we have this acronym called CRIBs. C-R-I-B-S. And whenever you are looking into the world trying to get feedback on your ideas, you evaluate with C-R-I-B-S. CRIBs. You look for things that are confusing, repeated, insightful, boring,  both online audiences really understand that you're putting signals out into the world that you earnestly think are accurate, but then at the same time, you are humbled by the fact that the actual wisdom of all the people who read your stuff is more intelligent than you are, but you become more intelligent as a result of their responses. For sure. And I guess one of the things that you're doing, right, is you're giving people a skill, but you're also giving them confidence, right?  Because there are and I've met a lot of them a lot of them are my friends there are some people who are Unbelievably intelligent who just don't share anything and one of the great tragedies of the last five years is that? Many of the world's smartest people are no longer sharing their ideas in public What would be some examples like Mark Andreessen you had mark? That's the first one that came to my mind to you had mark Andreessen Tragically so mark Andreessen was the guy who got  somebody dies. And it's tragic, but you know that he's in telegram groups, you know that he's in other groups speaking privately. And I believe that like I have a lot of students who worry that it's arrogant if they go start writing, who am I to start sharing my ideas? Why should people think or why should people listen to me? And it's kind of this imposter syndrome, this kind of fear, lack of confidence, see it all the  that  today there's a lot of people who would just say hey I trust somebody else other than the mainstream media. Yeah I thought a lot about this. You probably thought about it more than anyone I know so I want to hear your answer. I am obsessed with this question and I think that a lot of the narrative around media is that the media has given us truth and I don't think that the media has ever given us  You need somebody who says, stroke, stroke, stroke, and the media was the coxswain. And so the goal wasn't, what's more important is for everybody to be aligned than to move at the exact perfect speed, right? One sort of oar that gets stuck in the water actually hurts the boat more than not moving at the ultimate edge of the speed. And so what has now happened is rather than everybody  don't have the same kind of consensus that we had for the majority of the post-World War II era. Yeah, this is one of the most fascinating things. So we went and Joe, who's sitting here in the room, and I went and looked at, we compared many of the most popular television shows to the Joe Rogan, just the YouTube channel, right? So not audio. Joe Rogan gets, on average, a million or more views per YouTube video, right?  is actually people don't wanna pay for the cable or whatever it is. And so these are on different platforms, so it's a platform advantage. Or is it actually that those individuals are willing to talk about things, going to your idea of consensus. They're willing to talk about ideas that the mainstream media is not willing to talk about. You see this with kind of the meme around Epstein didn't kill himself and all this kind of stuff. That's not a conversation in the mainstream media for the most part.  I understand why journalists who have to get eyeballs have done this, but what they've done is they've adopted a lot of the blogger tactics. The original blogger sphere, sort of to exaggerate this, is something like Gawker. There were sensationalized stories and they were, according to the US government rule on the T.O. case, they were invading people's bodies.  is  difference between what they were getting paid and how talented they were. And I don't blame them. A lot of them are resentful. But I worry that that resentment has now filtered into many of the mainstream publications. And I think we're feeling it in our public discourse. Yeah. So I absolutely agree that and I take that further, like part of the failure of the mainstream media has been that journalists who were trained on ethics process, right? Language.  Maybe we don't hold exactly to this very rigid process we had. You know, we can kind of skip some cut corners, et cetera, but also some of it's the social capital associated with it. Right. If you're somebody who has spent four years in college studying journalism, you went to that small market, then you went to a little bit bigger market, a little bit big. And all of a sudden you spent 25 years as a journalist and nobody knows who you are. No one reads your stuff compared to the guy who sets up WordPress and just starts firing off, you know, hot takes. And next thing you know, he's got a million people reading everything.  That's a really good point.