 What's up, everyone? This is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off the Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off. Perryann Boring is the founder and president of the Chamber of Digital Commerce, the world's leading blockchain trade association. In this conversation, we discussed the current state of crypto regulation, the roles of the SEC, CFTC, FinCEN and others, the biggest potential concerns in Washington, D.C. around crypto regulation, and what you at home can do  It's been a amazing year and I think 2020 is gonna be remarkable. Can we say it's been an amazing year in 2020? If we're already, we're recording this on like the sixth or seventh of January or do we have to say last year was an amazing year? I think this year has already been an amazing year. We're in crypto time, remember. All right, fair, fair, fair. Let's start with your background. I think you come from a whole different world than most people in crypto. Just give us kind of an overview and then how you got  financial crisis was really devastating to really anybody in Florida and my community. And I was actually studying economics at the University of Florida during the financial crisis. So kind of a historic moment to really dig into what was happening all around me. And I was very frustrated because my professors could not explain what was happening in real time in our economy. And it's actually Ron Paul  I was there right after he was brought into office and right at, I was there during the bailouts. So I was in the National Economic Council when Larry Summers was running that. And part of my job as an intern was tracking all the stimulus funds, which I was adamant was that I would be able to do that. And I was able to do that. And I was able to do that. And I was able to do that. And I was able to do that. And I was able to do that. And I was able to do that.  to set your mind to. And the first African-American president, it was such an empowering thing for me to get to experience that as someone who didn't come from a super wealthy family or a family that was well connected in politics, but to get to have that experience as a young person was just really amazing. So after the White House went to Capitol Hill, worked for a member of Congress in the House of Representatives and was there during Dodd-Frank  which is an unbelievably fascinating idea to me. So I quickly fell into a rabbit hole. I'm still in that rabbit hole, but what came out of that is, you know, I think this technology is the most important thing I'll see in my entire lifetime. And I really wanted to be a part of this space. So I spent some time really thinking about what do I have to offer? How can I help build this community? And of course, my background is in public policy and what exactly is public policy? Like everyone here  working with the agencies, the regulators, and then also the courts affect policy as well. As someone who had worked on Capitol Hill, my job was to meet with all the special interest groups, all the lobbyists, the lawyers, and was lobbied on, all sorts of issues involving banking and finance. And you see a lot of very disturbing things, people who have all sorts of terrible motives, things that can be very disturbing.  chamber. So I 2013 was the year that I was studying and trying to decide how do we want to do this and how do we want to build it. And I really spent that year studying nonprofit law. I knew I wanted to set up a nonprofit but what kind of nonprofit how do you do it. And that was also kind of the year of Bitcoin's first international coming out party I guess. So you know the first thing was Cyprus was going through their bailout.  to the industry and then of course Mt. Gox, which shouldn't have happened, but also a huge PR nightmare for this community. And as someone who was living and working in DC and really, you can see how regulators and lawmakers can read a headline and that's kind of their first impression and their understanding how that can be a problem for us. So in the early days of this space, most people in Washington just thought Bitcoin was literally like the current  nonprofit law, trying to figure out what is the right structure, how do you want to do it, et cetera. What kind of the first steps when you got started, you just create the entity and then go out to a bunch of companies and say, Hey, do you want to be a part of this? Like how did it work originally? Yeah. And in those days we launched in July of 2014. So we're about five and a half years old today. Uh, that was a really different era and crypto for those who, uh, w w we're around back then. There's not that many who are, who are in the five year  and  as they're going to foster innovation, not prevent it. Yeah. How much of what you guys do is education versus like, Hey, you shouldn't create this law. Right? So like the more like lobbying type stuff versus let us help you understand how the technology works and like why this is important, et cetera. Yeah. I mean, the first several years of the chamber, it was pretty much all education. And that's still a huge part of what we do. And a big part of how we're spending our time is one being that resource, making sure that we are talking to the right office.  and the Chamber's resources, we all get to benefit from that, and it's a much more effective way to educate the policy community. Yeah, I've talked about it on the podcast before. I went on my infamous trip to D.C. I spent two days there, and I walked away with my head spinning. I was like, what the hell is this place? Just in the sense of the way that things worked, the various types of people who work at the different organizations, the different kind of legislators' offices,  fighting this, what's the response today after you guys have been at this for five years? It's a funny question. And yeah, DC is definitely a complicated organism, but each agency has very different personalities. It wasn't that long ago that we did a briefing for the SEC, who the industry's best friend at this point. I spent a lot of time with the SEC. I got no problem with the SEC.  anti-crypto regulations being passed. As far as I understand, you may think differently of that. Yeah, so even just the attitudes of the people there are quite telling in terms of where they are. And we, as a resource to them, we do a lot of education for them, but thought, hey, you should probably be aware of these things that are happening in other places in DC, so from other regulators and  And just the attitude again is quite telling it into where they are in this space. And then you juxtapose that with that same week we did a similar briefing for Fenson. Their job is to protect the financial system. And they are, it's a completely different attitude. They're, you know, we go in, you know, want to educate them, hey, we think you guys made a mistake here, but we want to point this out to you and show you how to correct it. And they're like so grateful, thank you for this information.  I'll give a shout out to Cameron and Tyler over at Gemini. Does crypto need regulation? Does it need rules? Or can this whole thing happen without rules and without the regulators participating? I mean, that's an interesting philosophical debate. I would say, look, the government does exist and they have guns and they can put you in jail. Those are all facts. So it's better to help shape that process than for it to be shaped around you. This is going to happen. And that's a big thing we tell our members is that there's  a lot of it's defense too. A lot of times you have groups trying to change the laws and it's like, wait, no, the laws work. We don't need to change them. Let's block this from moving forward. And there's a lot of things that people never know that we do because we're actually preventing things from happening. So you don't see it, but it's. So this gets into one of my favorite topics and I don't think I've actually ever talked about this publicly, but I'm really interested in the propaganda wars that go on in DC specifically.  Um, scared of it or threatened by it that they're starting to kind of do the anti-lobbying. It's very possible. Okay. It's very, it's very possible. I'll, there are some very disingenuous things that we see. The most disingenuous, the one thing that really, really just gets under my skin is, is these anti money laundering arguments where you have, you know, secretary, the treasury secretary minutia and gave a speech from, from the white house saying, you know, we take, uh, you know, anti money laundering seriously and terrorist financing seriously.  It's like do you not did you do let's break down what he's saying, right? So do they take anti money laundering and terrorist financing seriously actually think that they do right like they talk about it something that they definitely want to Be on top of and be the best in the world at I think the question becomes that's your intention It's really really hard with especially physical cash, right? I think that's where the big issues come in in the US dollar system If you're using the banking system as long as the bank is not being nefarious. It's pretty  hard part to me, if I'm sitting in their seat, is if you don't understand how Bitcoin works very well, then you just look at it as, oh, we can't tell what you, you know, who's who. But actually it works the same way, right? There's still going to be fiat on and off ramps. There's still going to be identifiers and etc. And so it becomes this cat and mouse game between criminals and law enforcement. But to your point, I think law enforcement just got a big step up in their abilities because that transparent ledger is out there for anyone to see. Right. Yeah, no, I think  that they can run somebody over in the crosswalk, right? And then they can use their cars. They use the internet, they use computers. All technologies are going to be abused by bad actors. Of course. And so it doesn't mean that you get rid of it. It's just that you make sure you understand how they're going to use it and you try to use it against them, right? In order to capture them. So that makes sense. All right. Let's talk about membership. You guys have what, 220 members or so? Over 200 companies. So we are the first blockchain trade association and the  big companies that have big practices exploring and investing. Would it be fair to say that the big companies are the blockchain, not Bitcoin crowd? Some of them, not all. Some of them. I mean, so they're these are the people that we work with. A lot of them are very pro crypto, but there's a lot of hurdles to using and touching crypto in a highly regulated environment. So one of the reasons why they're  about Kraken. So Jesse over at Kraken's been super transparent and very vocal about the regulators are being, I won't use it, disruptive is probably too strong of a word, but it's very costly to deal with a lot of the subpoenas and the probes and things like that where they're trying to get information. We have to have all these licenses and of course the exchanges have to have licenses on a state by state basis. So you're maintaining that framework. He says that they spend over a month  and then you're realizing, hey, we're putting a pretty high price and a pretty high burden on these companies. I don't know if I necessarily changed my behavior, but it's a good data point to understand, like this is what the company's going through. It's almost kind of like walk a little bit in their shoes to understand if you're a young entrepreneur, a young meaning the company is young. It's hard to build a business if you're spending millions of dollars dealing with regulations and things like that. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. I certainly feel for  up will pay for itself 10 times over by just having access to that information. There are a couple different types of businesses in this space that have higher regulatory costs and the exchanges are absolutely at the top of that list. If you want to be a crypto exchange today, you want to have to register with Fenson at the federal level for your anti-money laundering regulatory requirements, and then you have to receive a license in every single state that  of how expensive it is. And so there's not this huge community of crypto exchanges. And that's really how innovation and economies grow is by having lots of different options. So, you know, you need competition. That's how, you know, two horses run faster than one on the race. We make each other better by having that. And so these huge barriers to entry are impacting  is one of everyone's favorite topics, KYC and AML. We touched on it a little bit, but this one is very broad, I think, because it has application to pretty much every business that's touching any sort of transactions. What are you guys seeing around the KYC AML issues and kind of what are you trying to accomplish there? A lot of things. So we have an AML task force. There's an incredible amount of activity in the AML space. Just last year, there were 27 businesses  So again, yes, there are AML risk and we should understand the risk, but we also need to understand the benefits. So anytime you put together a pro and a con list, you don't just list cons, you always list the pros. So it's amazing how much you have to remind people to do that. But ensuring that Congress has those types of tools in impacting those conversations and then helping steer legislative language that's going to impact AML programs for this space. Over at Fenson, they issued guidance in May of 2019.  is, okay, yes, there is definitely concerns and risks there. We should understand what those are, but virtual currencies, Bitcoin, Libro, central bank digital currencies, whatever, they also provide some benefits. Let's look at this holistically and then make decisions at how do we create rules around the pros and cons. Right, and not only that, so Fenson was actually the first government organization to issue any guidance around virtual currency in 2013. It's pretty early. And so they actually have provided a great degree of clarity on how  that's actually gonna help Fensend. So part of that is also making sure that Treasury understands what Congress is wanting to do and making sure that what they're trying to do is coordinate and is actually helpful. Make sure they're communicating with each other, right? Okay, so that's the AML and KYC world. Then there's this travel rule. Explain like what exactly that is. So the funds travel and the funds transfer rules. Fensend this year came out and said that it applies to convertible virtual currency transactions.  because you don't need identity to send crypto. You just need a public and the private key. Can the public key be the identity? Oh, no, no. They want P.I.I. Personal identifiable information. And so. There was a member to forget who came on. It'll come to me in a second. But they were talking a lot about how we have essentially through things like the Patriot Act and other legislation in the past.  these rules and laws. So how do you think about the balance between law enforcement needs to be able to get information at certain times, right? And do their job, but also at the same time there are individual rights and privacy as a default, et cetera, that an individual should enjoy based on what America's been built on. So how do we balance that? It's a very, very delicate balance and it's something we spend a lot of time thinking about. First and foremost,  banks and that's what they're used to. So the script of stuff is very different. And our argument is, is, well, the industry should work together with the regulator to create a rule that reflects how the technology works. And only through that process will we be able to meet the spirit of what you're trying to accomplish. So together as an industry and the regulators being able to make sure that it takes into account how this  they then would be out of compliance and open themselves up to a lot of enforcement actions, which would destroy the business. And so it's a pretty precarious position to be put in as a company. Invade the privacy of your users or deal with the US government. And it's not just the US government. This is actually a requirement from FATIF, which is the internet who sets the standards for AML internationally. So all governments are around the world are having  that we are working on at the Chamber first and foremost, we wanna make sure our members are really, all companies in this space have the tools and the resources to be in compliance with these laws because an enforcement action would be incredibly damaging not only to that business, but it'd be a big black eye to this entire industry. And then work with the regulators to make sure that as we are putting together anti-money laundering protections in the crypto space that we're doing so in a way that is not hindering the innovation, the growth of blockchain networks. Got it, that makes sense.  The token alliance. Sounds like Power Rangers. Like they all come together. All right. We have a couple former regulators who are co-chairs of that. We have Paul Atkins, who's a former SEC commissioner and Jim Newsom, who's a former CFTC chairman. And then we just recently brought Chris Giancarlo, the most recent CFTC chairman onto our advisory board as well. But the token alliance was brought together in a moment where we have a lot of regulatory uncertainty.  we still don't have commission and binding guidance from the SEC on how to apply the Howey test to digital assets. And you have, essentially they're picking winners and losers where they have said in public speeches and statements that Bitcoin and ETH are not securities, but basically everything else like, we don't have binding guidance. So that, you know, 100% legal clarity. And so for regulated companies to get into this space,  that's ever introduced will become law. It is a very hard process to get through the legal process, but that's where we are. And it's great that we have a number of members of Congress that are weighing in and that are trying to provide solutions to make sure the industry has the clarity they need in the securities laws and how, and to clarify the jurisdiction of digital assets. That's one part of it, but also other issues around tokens that we're seeing since Facebook's launch of the legal process.  we're really focused on is this managed stablecoin bill, which would consider certain types of stablecoins as securities. And we call that a ban because if they are treated as securities, they would not be able to be used as their intended purpose as a payment mechanism. At the Chamber, we have over 11 companies that have issued stablecoins and putting that in quotes. So we probably are the largest stablecoin stakeholder in the world because we represent so many of these companies. So are you putting it in quotes because they're not so stable sometimes?  to the calendar and that means it's actually moving through the legislative process. And it was really the first time in the history of the crypto space that we had a bill that we were against that was moving in such a way and would really destroy certain business models and applications for our space. So we had a lot of fun that the last couple weeks of the year we brought a bunch of those companies to D.C. We met with these different offices and ultimately  is taken into consideration to make sure that these laws are helping support innovation and not just banning it for all the wrong reasons because we're afraid of better because we don't understand it. Yeah. Speaking of kind of innovation and governments, the central bank digital currencies. Yeah. It seems like there are central bankers around the world and we'll get to one of the most infamous ones in a second. But they saw, oh, this Bitcoin thing. Who cares?  bank over a lot of years. Where are they now and how do you guys think about them creating competing digital currencies at the central bank level, them trying to regulate out competition from private companies, right? Like there's a bunch of different paths that they can pursue here. How do you guys kind of evaluate the landscape and then what are you guys doing there or what would you like to see be done around these central bank digital currencies? So according to the Bank of International Settlements, over 70%  I think the one that's probably the most furthest along is China. And the People's Bank of China has been looking at blockchain in central bank digital currency for over five, maybe six years. And they have built a massive platform. You've talked about it on this podcast before, but what's really unbelievable is they've have filed over 80 patent applications on their  you looked at these and they're like, no, we can't find them. And Adobe had to actually show us how to go find them in the system because they were obscured under all of these separate names. But we found them. We found 84. We have translated them into English and we've been studying them over the past couple of months and we'll be publishing this cache. We'll be making it available once everybody can learn what we've learned. But two, we think it's important that the Fed understands that too.  as we've taken other advanced technologies like the internet and 5G and AI and we think whatever countries are at the forefront of this are going to benefit greatly and we selfishly want the US to benefit from that. But also from a regulatory perspective, these efforts need to be better coordinated. One of the bigger challenges that we have is you have so many different regulatory agencies with different types of jurisdiction. The SEC wants everything to be as security, the CFTC as our  compliance with all these different offices, there should be a central coordinator. And that's a big part of our national action plan for blockchain, but also making sure our government is at the forefront of this technology because it's going to be important for our economy and international security. Should the dollar get digitized? It already is. Is it? Yeah, I mean, what digital, I mean, there are digital banking services and we use money digitally already.  And this is an issue of our dominance worldwide. And by having the Fed issue a central bank digital currency is the way to preserve that over time. I completely agree with him. If you're trying to optimize for the dollar to be the global reserve currency for the foreseeable future, if you do not tokenize it or digitize it on a blockchain, you will, in essence, shoot yourself for the foot. You have to be a technical leader to be a leader.  pull these four quotes is I think it gives a great understanding and insight into how some of these people think. And so when I say the quote I just want you to give me your kind of immediate thoughts and reactions. The first is quote it is therefore the duty of central bankers to ensure that purchasing power is maintained. Moreover there has to be a guarantee that money is able to fulfill the important role in the economic system and that monetary policy can help growth and income distribution.  And it's actually, it's quite, it's a hidden tax and it's quite sad.