 What's up everyone? This is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  people in southern Illinois. Okay. So right outside of St. Louis. All right. Yeah. My wife and I decided to raise our kids in a small town. So not, what's the, uh, what's the reason for that was a lot. Um, my wife and I grew up in a small town and we figured we turned out all right. So we figured, yeah, we actually looked at, um, yeah, I got recruited by Goldman when I was younger and, um, we decided we didn't want to raise the kids in a city. So we just wanted to come to New York.  Oh.  Yeah, I'm pretty much in high school, yeah, in Southern Illinois. Got it, and then you've lived most of your life in a wheelchair, right? Yeah, yeah. So let's talk about how that all happened. Yeah, so I was 16 years old, six foot four when I was 16, 200 pounds, good athlete. Well, you were six foot four at 16? I was six foot four when I was in eighth grade, actually. Jesus. When I was 14. Yeah, I was an early grower. Yeah. So, and so I went to church that morning,  skidded to it. So I was in a Volkswagen bug, so a 1972 Beetle. No seat belts in there, you know. A VW bug. Yeah, yeah. So being a big guy in a little car, a built-in can, it got crunched. And when I was doing 45 miles an hour, so I wasn't going that fast. And yeah, so that's. Got it. And so what is that like? You're 16 years old, right? You're playing sports, kinda, you know, I think back at me,  You know, and I was like, oh, those are my legs. So I knew right away I was paralyzed. And your friend ended up being okay. Yeah, he was fine. Yeah, he was totally fine. Because I took the pole on my side. Yep. So. And so you go, I'm assuming there's a bunch of surgeries, physical therapy, et cetera. Like what is that just mentally having gone from, you know, the world at your feet to now it's like, Hey, look, I've got to, I've got this long road ahead to actually recover from this horrific injury. Yeah. So my dad said one thing that really, you know, actually said two things.  right physically whatever is a lot of times it is the mindset right that completely changes and when you're the you know 16 year old kind of pompous as a kid right it's almost like the physical advantages you have are good enough right and so you don't have to have as sharp of a mental you know kind of advantage and you see this in some of the most elite athletes in the world right you know it's almost like they get more  I walked with a walker with leg braces on. I actually walked up and got my diploma. Really? When I graduated high school, yeah. Okay, how long is that after the injury? So this is two years. Two years, yeah. Yeah, so, and it's not really walking, because I can't move my legs. So my legs were basically stabilized. Stabilized? Yeah, stabilized, and I was just walking like Frankenstein, you know? Just like swinging my legs up, you know? So I didn't want to graduate in a wheelchair, you know? I had somebody here yesterday who,  scholarship, play basketball at University of Illinois. We gotta talk about that. What's going on with wheelchair basketball? I didn't know there was such a thing when I was in high school, you know? Yeah. And I got a call from, because I was being recruited by Michigan and Oklahoma to play football. And I got a call from University of Illinois coach, a wheelchair basketball coach, and he asked if I'd like to play basketball. And last time I played competitive basketball was in eighth grade. When you were six-four. Yeah, when I was six-four. But hey, we had a seventh grade  seven foot whatever it was and they would watch the dunk contest and kids would do the legs, behind the back, all this crazy stuff and then we'd get in the games and guys would miss some layups. Exactly, yeah. You're over here dunking in eighth grade. All right, so you go to play wheelchair basketball. Yeah, we won the national championship. Really? Four years in a row. Wow. No, it wasn't because of me though. Yeah, I wasn't a very good wheelchair basketball player. But yeah, it was good to be competitive again.  I had to stop the chair. That's crazy. Yeah, and it's almost like, you know, like smash derby, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I would imagine you running to each other all the time. Oh yeah, and you know, like you tip over and legs are flying everywhere and like it's kinda, yeah. It's a little wild. And it's five on five. Yeah, it's five on five. Full court? Yeah, full court, yeah. Wow, that's crazy. All right, so you do that and then you graduate. No, graduate, yeah. One of the other things too when I was at University of Illinois is that I was asked  Yeah, so Sir Isaac Newton actually was a professor at Cambridge. And so one of the lessons that we learned in the classes that we took was about the history of stock market bubbles and history of bubbles. Because he lost all his money in the South Seas bubble, died penniless. And that's one of the lessons that we learned there. So we learned about S-curves and stock market bubbles and the history of all that. And that's one thing I've used throughout my career as an investor.  And this was 1990, Gulf War started, there was a recession, ended up getting laid off because McDonald Douglas was cutting back and always wanted to be a stockbroker. So I called around and I got an interview with Shearson Lehman Brothers. Never heard of them. Yeah, I know. So I ended up getting hired there, go through their new broker training program. This is late 1990 and really excited to do that. And then the Gulf War started in 91, January 91, and they canceled the training program. Really?  Charlie and going in there and we sat at his desk and he goes, how old are you? I'm like 22. And he goes, I don't have very good luck with 22 year olds. And he just shut up. Like he didn't say another word for an hour. And so I started talking and going through my business plan and how, you know, as I'm bringing clients, stage you out of words and build my business. And I just kept talking and talking. If I only told me to shut up. And then he said, you know, why don't you go down to the home office, take a test, interview with our  Yeah, the pitch was that it was a brand new number two pencil with a you know Red eraser on it never been used, you know shiny yellow coat of campaign If I was pitching that pencil hard She's like I got the best pencil in the world. Yeah, she was happy with that. Yeah. All right, so we end up getting the job job and And kind of what what was that experience like and and I know you learned a lot of lessons there and stuff So maybe kind of share some of those as well. Yeah, so as a new broker  and they just set up a trust for her. And she was a widow and she wanted to get everything reregistered into the trust name so that when she passed away her beneficiaries could have easy access to the money. And she asked me to go to the bank with her and clear out her safe deposit box. And I thought that was kind of weird, but I was like, yeah, I'll go do that. And so we go to a Boltman's bank and helping her clear out her safe deposit box and get back to the branch and we're booking in the securities with the cashier. And I noticed that she had a lot of Walmart certificates  to work for Walmart and she said it was a good company and so she ended up investing $11,000 in Walmart. And it kind of hit me like, well you invested $11,000 and 17 years later in 1991 is worth almost $2 million. And after she left the office, I pulled up a value line report just to kind of see what Walmart did over that period. And I noticed on the chart that there were four periods where Walmart dropped 50% or more during that 17 year period.  that daily price fluctuations and movements. And so you have to let time smooth out the volatility. Yeah, because everything's volatile, but if you add enough time to it, it smooths all that out. And I think successful investors could apply that lesson today. Especially in Bitcoin and crypto. Yeah, and we were talking beforehand, like another data point here is we think it's fidelity, we can't all do it, but when Josh Brown from a Ritult came over, he came on the podcast,  It is emotion. It is why psychological analysis of markets is so accurate. And I think that what we're seeing, one, is obviously a very rapid rise of the machines trading. They don't have those human emotions. But also, two, is no matter what the asset class is, no matter what the market is, there's some core best practices, not even rules, but just best practices that help people  I traded myself probably out of half of my Bitcoin over the past six years. Really? Yeah, even though I know that lesson, but I'm to the point now I'm not selling anymore. So yeah. And so what other lessons did you learn when you're kind of a young 20s stock broker and I'm sure that there's all kinds of fascinating things that you did. Yeah, so another one was, so I really didn't know what I was doing right when you're 22. You think you do. You think you do. No, I knew I did it. So I went to talk to Leo who's the oldest broker  You better talk to him. I go talk to Leo. I was like, Leo, I'm new. It was my first week here. Can you tell me, you've been here for 60 years. You must know something. And he didn't say anything. He slid a piece of paper across the desk to me and I looked at it and it was a value line report on Berkshire Hathaway. And he goes, just put all your clients in this. And I looked at it, it was $4,500 a share. $4,500 a share in 1981, Berkshire Hathaway. And I was like, you're crazy.  they don't know what the value is. What's the value of Bitcoin? And that's what you have to figure out. You have the value of something more than 8,000, you wanna buy it if it's something less, then you probably wanna sell it. Yeah, and I guess really part of that is not only one, a lesson on Berkshire Hathaway, right? But also just more systematically, the price and value. Did you learn that by asking questions to them? Did you kinda? No, I never bought any Berkshire Hathaway. I was like, no, I mean, I'm not buying a 4-star Hathaway.  in the future. Of course. What was the first time you ever heard about Bitcoin or crypto? So it was 2013. It was a investment manager managing $350 million for a small number of endowments and foundations in St. Louis area. Had a nice easy life, you know, raising the kids, you know, and saw Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss on CNBC talking about it. At the time it was $100.  800 and then got up to 1200 the Mount Gox got hacked and then it crashed down to 300 and that's when I kind of took a dive into it Why figure out I'm a value investor. I figured the suckers were washed out if it was at 1200 at 300 today There's probably some value opportunity there and I wanted to figure out where the opportunity was What'd you do to go figure that out? I read those Satoshi Nakamoto white paper. I mean, that's it's a place to start I go what is Bitcoin and that was one of the things that popped up  how we're gonna rebuild the financial system that we have today on blockchain technology. And I told my wife, I was like, I need to get involved with this. And those are kind of weird, but I couldn't sleep for like a week. I'd lay in bed and she could feel the heat radiating off my body and she would yell at me like, just go to sleep. I'm like, I can't. And so I told her, I wanna do this and the best way I think is become a VC.  and so that's what I did. That's a pretty good partner in life, huh? Yeah, so we've been dating since high school. So yeah, she's been a great wife. 27 years now, been married. Wow. Yeah, and so I put that in the checking account, sold my practice to Wells Fargo, and became a VC in blockchain. And I didn't know what to do. I felt like a new broker again, right? So what'd you do when you're like, okay, shit, I'm here.  So I spent about $10,000 on charity buzz to get like six or seven meetings with VCs. So I met with some great VCs. Yeah, first of all, don't say names, but I wonder who's on there, right? A bunch of people are probably going to look at them. Oh, they know who they are. And two is how do you set your price for something like that? It's auction. It's an auction. It's like even. Oh, it's auction. Okay. Yeah. So they don't get to set the price. No, no.  And you know they told me their life stories and some of them were you know the top VCs in the nation and you know I learned a lot from that and One of the things I learned I was meeting with One of the VCs at a 16 Z and recent Horowitz And you know we were talking and I wanted to get into coinbase and I knew they just did the seed round and the a round and I asked her like can you get me into coinbase you know and she's like well Why do you want to buy coinbase when you could buy Bitcoin?  Eventually I wiggled my way into the B round at Coinbase. But yeah, looking back, I mean she was right. Bitcoin did a lot better than Coinbase. So Coinbase has done great. But I think that from the Series A probably, but I think the seed round, Coinbase has appreciated more or no? So I got into the, it's either the B or the C round. They went from A to C round. So I guess that's the B round. They call it the C. So it was a $480 million valuation.  Why were you so bullish on kind of what their prospects were?  you're willing to sell it at? 1350 or whatever. Whatever. Basically, we both execute the transaction and we're happy because that's what we were willing to do, but that difference between the bid and the ask is what the- Yeah, the 50 cent difference the broker makes, the brokerage firm makes, yeah. And I was an institutional equity broker for 14 years and that's how we made money. We made the money between the bid and the ask. And so when I looked deeper into Coinbase, not only were they making the 1%,  and he took it to their board and they said no. So they were like, who's Brian? We don't know him. And so I got shut out of that, which turned out to be nice because they ended up getting bought out by Coinbase. And so I actually booked a digital currency group because I knew Barry from Second Market. I used to buy Facebook stock through him when it was a private company. And so I knew he started this digital currency group which was involved in crypto.  is this traditional fundraising rounds. Either alongside those rounds or in between those rounds, there are employees, founders, sometimes even investors, et cetera, that want liquidity, but there's no public market to go sell them into. There's no acquisition or anything like that. Those secondary market transactions can, one, be super valuable, right, because it helps them get that liquidity that they need, whether it's for, hey, we've got to liquidate our fund, or I want to put my kids in  Listen, there's no desperation. It's required. So I started contacting like cold calling and DM and Coinbase employees. I know. And what was the response? Was there any good responses? So I ended up getting in touch with, her name is Kristin, new employee at Coinbase and she gave me a call and she's new so she sent me a stock. And I told her, just let me know if you hear of anyone.  I'm getting in the house somehow. Exactly. And I was thinking about I should just go work for him because I wanted equity so much. I was willing to, you know, if I can't buy it, I was gonna go out there and work. I love it. Yeah. And so you and Olaf, that wasn't the only time you guys hung out. No, no, we became friends. Yeah. And so kind of talk a little bit about kind of your relationship moving forward. Yeah. So it moved forward. So he ended up starting Polychain Capital and I had the opportunity to be a general partner.  looking out in the next 30 years. If you could do it like Olaf's doing it, which is the best way of doing it, where you focus on the long term and you're building this new technology and helping develop it at an early stage, that's the best way to help the ecosystem. And so I'm just blessed to be a part of that as a general partner. And I was also the first check in the fund as a limited partner. Yeah. And so the thought process there being  And then you guys have done a lot of other stuff, right? So you ended up buying Bitcoin at some point, right? And tell a little bit about, you are one of the few that sold in December of 17. What was kind of the reason for doing that? Yeah, so we had like two pots of Bitcoin. So one is my personal pot. So I started buying that at like 400. It went up to 650 and then went down to 178.  So we started off the chain capital in 2016, just allowed friends and family to come in. So. We gotta talk about it, where'd you get the name from? My wife came up with it. No way. Yeah, she's the hip hopper in the family. Okay, all right, so this is my. I'm the nerd. This is my big, this is my big, I'm shocked at how many people don't get the double entendre of off the chain. So. I didn't get it either, so she had to explain it to me. And so like there's all these crypto businesses that have the word chain or bid or whatever.  friends are like, dude, are you kidding me? You started something called off the chain. But they're not thinking about crypto, they're thinking about it in terms of the same. So the fact that she came out with that, that makes me like her already. Yeah, so she came up with a, and like I said, she had to explain it to me what it meant, because I had never heard of off the chain before. And so, I'm a social neophyte. So I kind of live in my little hole. So anyways, so we started off the chain capital, put about half a million dollars from friends  right now and she goes, well, I want to sell my GE stock and buy Bitcoin. And at the time GE was at an all time low and being a value investor, I knew that was just the wrong move for her. You know, I was like, well, I'll, I'll, you know, sell you some of my Bitcoin for your GE. Just kind of joking. Not that we, you know, did that, but, you know, but when I got home that night, I was like, you know, it's, it's the wrong time right now. You know, older, you know, investors are wanting to sell their GE stock, which is the all time low to buy Bitcoin was the  Yeah, they're all happy. Yeah, so we gave them the choice either taking cash or taking the crypto. About half of them took the cash, half of them took the crypto. Really? So we just, you know, I sent the crypto out to them and then they wrote it down. Like I wrote mine down. I didn't sell my personal, you know, Bitcoin. You know, I just wrote it up, wrote it down. It's funny because the longer that people are around, the stronger the hands get. They are. Yeah. Right. I just saw the stat in 2008.  of Satoshi's, right? That's not moving. I think estimates are like 10%, maybe up to 15%, the keys are lost. So the studies I've seen, there's probably, the floats around six million Bitcoin out of the 18 million, that actually trades. So that's really not that much. It's crazy, man. To me, I just think back, and I say 20 years from now, when people look back at this thing, they're either gonna be like, these were the biggest,  and what the future values ought to be. And this was the hardest thing for me to get my hands on at the very beginning. It took me two years to figure this out. What will Bitcoin be worth in the future? And there's ways to determine that. So Tom Lee at Funstrack came out with a great model. It's based on Metcaps law. So if you square the number of users, multiply that times the transactional value that's going through the Bitcoin blockchain, between 2014 and 2017, there was a 90%  today's $51,000 and that's at 8,000. So if those shorts close out, then I would think that Bitcoin will reach 51,000. So this is important. It's one of the things that when people say to me, you know, what's happened before is gonna happen again, kind of repeat itself. One of the big changes that makes me think and kind of pause for a second is the shorts, right? The ability for the derivatives and to go short, et cetera. What stops there being percentage?  And to me, it's, you know, when you look at the short pressure, it's really not that much, but it's there. Right? And so it's interesting to see, you know, I go to look at the stock to flows, the Metcalfs law, you know, all these different things. That to me is the big thing is when you get this having, you know, what happens and do those models break or not because of the introduction of the short. Yeah, the stock to flow model is another great one. 95% correlation. Crazy. You know, so that's a good one.  I'm not smart enough to come up with that form we love, but yeah, but I have it. So got it. Yeah. All right. So you guys have also invested in bankruptcy claims. Maybe tell us a little bit about kind of that strategy, how you came across it and how that works. Okay. So like I said, the fund was, you know, 80% liquidated in December, 2017. Kind of sat there as a shell with my money and my son had a little bit of money in it. Yeah, it was, we didn't do any, there was no trading at all. Last summer I discovered some opportunities and  $784 in cash plus 1.15