 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off. Michael Dunworth is the co-founder of Wire, a company focused on connecting crypto companies to the fiat world. We had a great conversation this episode about rugby, why nerds go to Silicon Valley, how to build compelling products, and how Wire is building the essential infrastructure for fiat on and off frames. I really enjoyed this one, so I hope you do as well.  Beaches not minus eight degrees Celsius It's yeah, it's beautiful people are chilled very easy going sunny happy. Yeah. Yeah and growing up You play sports or like what was kind of the the life experience in Australia as you grew up Yeah, I mean rugby and cricket basically it's all about it. I sucked at both and I played both I was in the F's for rugby. I went to like a full-on rugby nursery  So got it and growing up so rugby and cricket both are not very big in the United States Obviously we have you know baseball and football and things like that. Yep He's like every kid's dream to be a professional rugby player. Yep, exactly So I mean most of the time you grow up sort of like oh I want to you know I think it's changed a little bit now because rugby's sort of got a bit stagnant in like, you know, it's a boring game compared to other games, but um Most people probably want to be a wallaby like that's the  Yeah, he's my circus.  pads actually might be safer. I would actually say so, yeah. Wow. Huh. I never thought of it that way. Neither had I until I watched someone that was like smart and like talking about costumes and stuff. It was like, actually, we did the research and it's like, I mean, but like NFL is gnarly like people, you know, six, eight, they run 100 meter dash and you know, 11 flat or something. It is mental. I just imagine somebody like a Sean Taylor who you probably don't know who that is, but he's  and hope that I dislodge the human from the ball. And he was really good at it. I don't know if it was Jared. So Jared Hayne, he was Hayne playing or Hayne trained or whatever. He was an Australian, you know, NFL player. And that's like rugby. It's a different code of rugby. So it's Rugby League, Rugby Union. He came over to play with the 49ers actually. Oh wow. That was like four years ago, I think. Maybe five. And he was boiling hot, like buzz everywhere. I was like, oh my God, this dude is gonna tear  Rugby nursery to rugby yeah to You came to San Francisco what 2013? Yeah What was the impetus for for crossing over that massive ocean and to come to the tech capital of the world? Okay, so the easiest like the too long didn't read is Actors go to Hollywood nerds go to San Francisco. That's kind of the that's probably fair Yeah, so you know you like you you pack up your bags a one-way trip and all that kind of stuff Yeah, I just wanted like I was like well. I'm young enough  or you do like business development in your lunch break and stuff and ended up selling that to a Not like exiting like a you know, bazillion dollars, but we made money on it and that was like oh fuck that's awesome. Yeah Sorry for swearing. You're okay. Absolutely. I swear. I just get it out there But you know like once I did that I was like, oh my god, that's awesome But the problem is like Australia is small in California by population So like if you've really got an itch to scratch like I want to build something  the plan and it was like I'd had sort of the next idea that I was working on and had like, you know, friends that were supporting me with this idea. And so like, you know, that was sort of like, Hey, I'll back you into the next idea. But I got, I got there and I realized like after grinding for like the first sort of three or four weeks, like I was like, the idea is to get rid of the idea. And like, I'm limiting myself by coming here with pretty, like, I don't know what I'm in for.  six year old that's paying the $3,000 a month rent and he's subletting it out to 20 people and making 20 grand a month. Literally those numbers. And you get there and what's the first person? Okay, so I'll tell you about it. So like I'm there coming over like, oh cool, Silicon Valley. Like it's where everything happens. Get there, first person I try to open the door to the place that I was staying at and the first person like ran out the door, bumped, I knocked my bag over and he's like, oh, I'm sorry, I'm running to this meeting  And so as you're kind of getting settled in and you're realizing, hey, this culture is pretty real and people here just want to build, et cetera, what were you kind of looking for an idea or kind of what were you doing? Yeah, that's a good question. I came over with like pretense, like I said, I came over pretense as I was working on that and it was sort of just eating away that that was not the right way to do this journey, like, you know, to follow up, like to execute on what I'd wanted to do.  And I remember like, you know, calling people, calling my friends and I was like, you know, I feel like I've made maybe a wrong decision and stuff like that. And they were just like, no, just like soak it up. And you know, worst case scenario, three months goes by, you have a bunch of fun, you meet a bunch of new people and you've got an experience under your belt. Best case scenario, you come back in 10 years with a really cool story. And yeah, I feel like it was a really hard time at the time.  nuance but important difference where this belief that like I'm gonna implement my will on the world is probably not actually nearly as accurate as hey, I think the world's heading in this direction. Let me go run a bunch of tests and I'll take that feedback and then I'll kind of evaluate again, you know run a bunch of tests, evaluate again. And that kind of iterative experimenting type approach gets you much closer to the truth. It gets you much closer to the ever elusive product market.  and a lot of that comes down to humility. How good are you at being wrong? How fast are you at being wrong, basically? Because you wanna be, especially in obviously digital currencies and Bitcoin, you wanna be wrong really, really fucking quickly. The pace is so fast. It's an entire community of people who understand that that testing and iteration is really important.  to  do it, but now there's no excuse. So if I don't do it, there was no, no excuse other than I couldn't get it done, but I tried and I know I absolutely tried with every single ounce of energy and opportunity that I could basically. Yep. For sure. And I guess it's like multivariate testing. Multivariate testing is just num-scale stuff. You can never know what the contributing factor was if you've got 30 different things that you change. For sure. And so as you're kind of going through this evolution and kind of soaking in  like chucked in money at the time. And yeah, I think it was, yeah, that was 2012 or 2013 or something. And- So more aware of it than actually into it. Yeah, it was like, cool, yeah, sweet, there's this thing. I had no idea what it would do, why it's good or anything like that. I just had sort of like YOLO kind of thing. But yeah, I'm trying to think, yeah, basically after that, I was like, okay, cool. When we came over here, we were just sort of like, when I came over here,  but getting into it, it was actually from like an actual product. My co-founder and I were trying to build a one-click checkout on the internet. So you go shop on 30 websites, you check out, enter your payment details once. And we were like, oh, fuck, why don't we have Bitcoin? Like Bitcoin's kind of cool, it's novel, and like it could get some attention that might help drive awareness. We did it and then overnight it was just like the top of Bitcoin subreddit and they just did not stop supporting us. And we literally like thought  why you would never ever want to quantify your decisions. If you have the opportunity to, all you're going to do is you're looking for an excuse almost. When the excuse not to have an excuse is being shoved right in front of your face, it's data, data, data, like listen to it. It's there to help you. Yeah. Now it makes sense. And so once you guys start focusing on Bitcoin and kind of this one check or one click payment, how do you get from that, whoa, Bitcoin is real and we should focus on that?  That's not gonna sit well with someone that's got a league, a lot of conviction, who's a very talented developer that wants to work on Bitcoin being as big as it can be. And so you lose talent and talent retention becomes tricky when you have a vision. So we've always said the space is too early to have a vision. So we just iterated. So started at the checkout and then we thought, well, the next iteration, if you're a checkout, like a browser extension, right? Very similar to what Lolli is. Lolli's really popular. If we go, the next iteration would be, well, brands.  seasonal version of it is wallets so people are still gonna buy but in that market like 2014 2015 wallets weren't a sustainable business yet because the The ocean wasn't big enough now. It is big like it's huge You've got bear market bull market if you are a brokerage service You're worried about the competitive market saturation more than you're worried about. Oh, no, it's crypto winter No one's coming outside to buy Bitcoin or whatever and so as you iterate on that  Banging head against the wall can't can't get past the next milestone. So we stopped You know my co-founder and I we said what's the most non? This thing we can do right now like the complete opposite of what we're doing and what we did was basically started a laundry here like superhero laundry delivery service, so you Basically put in an order you say when you want us to pick it up We pick it up 5 a.m. In the morning drop it off that night and you pick the super the superhero, right? So like Superman Batman Superman Batman  that  understanding that Bitcoin itself, I think a lot of the kind of testing and the open mindedness to try new things. It seems like you guys have found a very specific niche in helping people go from fiat currency to crypto and all of the technical rails and kind of infrastructure is needed, but also on the licensing front. Maybe describe what you guys are doing today and then we can go through kind of the work that's gone into to get to this point.  because of the risk and compliance association with doing it. And so as everyone's going through this ourselves included, we realized to build our company, we had to actually get all these same licenses and MSP and all this, all this knowledge that's just like a, you know, it's a, a big, uh, vacuum of resources, time, energy, and capital. And so when we did it, we were like, Oh, I mean, fuck everyone's going to do this. No chance. We should productize this.  We've got to just give this to people so that the whole industry can move fast enough because the window of opportunity we have for like digital currencies to be as impactful as they can be is finite. The big don't eat the small, the quick eat the slow. And that's the big don't eat the small, the quick eat the slow. That's that's a really good saying. I never heard that before. The big don't eat the small, the quick eat the slow. That's right.  So I follow what's your favorite like it did you see the shark crocodile one? I've seen a lot of them nature is metal like that is the best description of it So all right, so just so people understand there's an Instagram account It's at nature is metal and what it basically does is it takes photos or videos from? Just hardcore wildlife so you can get on there next thing you know you see a lion eating an alligator or you see a snake that has  saying I see people post all over Instagram, this life is 100% on you, no one's coming to save you, right? That's essentially what nature is. And the part that I like about this account is, yeah, they've got the crazy, I saw a video there the other day where basically a lion was running, or a leopard or something, right, and it caught like an antelope. And it's just, again, the quick eat the slow and all this kind of stuff. But the ones that get me are the ones  And so to me, you know, I know it's a little bit of sidetracked, but it's one of those accounts that it's a mentality thing. It's really interesting to see. So everyone go check out at nature is metal. I should get whoever runs that account to come on. Oh, yeah. 100% interesting. Yeah. But I do think the quote that they said is like everything's on you. So well, I see different variations of basically this life is 100% your responsibility. No one's coming to save you.  to me. And it's yeah, this is not a dress rehearsal. This is, this is it, you know, and, uh, like it, lump it, hate it, love it, whatever it is, you just got to manage your own expectations and realize that's the case. Uh, you're going to fuck up. You're going to drop the ball. Like, like I wouldn't say we, but I definitely know myself. Uh, and as a company, like we're really good at being really shit at stuff. And that's, that's a fantastic attribute, especially in a fast moving industry. The faster you can  you wanna get the right answer. You know what I mean? What do you do when you identify that you're bad at something? Usually take too long to make the decision to cut the arm off or whatever it is. You know, obviously you wanna make that decision as fast as possible, but yeah, you just sort of, you make a change. You identify the- But do you bring in somebody who's good at it? Do you try to get better at it? What do you do? Well, I mean, first you have to identify it, right? So you can't fix anything until you identify that it is a problem.  But if you're doing me a favor, it's not going to be a long-term successful opportunity. Yeah, and I think this goes back to part of Silicon Valley's beauty is people are ruthlessly honest. Yeah, right and in most parts of the world. Sorry. Yeah. Okay explain. Why do you say I mean? Like I actually don't think that I would say it's sort of people are very especially in the entrepreneur world, right? If you're an entrepreneur or I'm an entrepreneur I go to you. I'm like, hey, I want to raise capital. Here's my idea now you rely on do  like  I've never even seen it. Is that the one where he's got the things on his arm or whatever? So for those that have never seen the movie, basically every human has a clock, or like a countdown clock on their forearm. And you go to work, you get paid in time. So literally time is the currency. And so let's say you go to work today and you get another 24 hours. We gotta come back to work tomorrow to get 24 more hours. But if at any point you run out of time, you die.  You run everywhere right so they're literally sprinting because they don't have a lot of time ah And the only way to get more time is to go to work So they're literally trading labor for quote time right so yes all these metaphors of real life Yeah, but the wealthy when that you go to the wealth zone. Yeah, these are people who have a lot of time You can't go in between these wealth zones without certain thresholds of time. Yeah. Yeah, I like tears Yeah, and so if you have let's say more than 20 years of time that you're allowed into you know the wealthiest zone the  really, really important. And what I think a lot of people don't do is they don't put a monetary value on their time. Right. And it's one of the easiest things that I tell young people to do, which is, yeah, decide how much your time is worth to you. Right. How much would you pay to get an hour of time? Is it $5? Is it $100? Is it $1,000? What is that? Yeah. And also what are you willing to get paid in exchange for your time? Right. Yes. And so when you come up with those two numbers, hopefully  to them and what they prioritize. So if you give me money for my, or like let's say I go, hey, I really want to narrow your time. You're like, okay, cool. I want you. And like you might say, all right, I want a thousand bucks. And that quantifies out to your hourly rate. Or you might say, there's actually, you can give me more than money. You can put five hours of your time onto this problem I'm trying to solve. And that is more valuable than a thousand bucks. It's fascinating.  they do. Yeah. I remember my old boss at work, he was like, Hey, you've been doing the same thing for like four hours and I had to do this really like repetitive process, uh, yeah, 280 times or something to go through some updates or something. This is like years ago and I spent five hours and I hadn't done one of them and it was the case of, I'm really lazy. So like as a person, I'm extremely lazy. So I will always be like, what's the, what's the catch here? There's gotta be an easier way. And that  is going to be relative. Like, value is in the eye of the beholder, right? Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. If I've never eaten a, I haven't eaten in three weeks and you bring me an old cheeseburger, I'm gonna be like, oh my God, thank you. If I just had dinner and I've had like beautiful dinner, I'll be like, get that shit out of here. And it's sort of, everything is relative, so adding value to anything is always going to be relative. For sure. So, one of the things that somebody, I think it was Naval recently tweeted, he said,  thing. Yeah. And I get paid more than you get paid. Yeah. Does that make me lazy? Does that make me smarter? Does that make me just understand the rules of the game better? Yeah. Right. All these different things. Yeah. I think that that was a really powerful way to kind of articulate some of these ideas of just like earn with your mind, not with your time. Yeah. And that changes again, behavior because people begin optimizing for something differently. What are we all optimizing for right now? I mean, look, we're in a beautiful  the rent? Oh, because they want to make money because they've got an investment. Like it all just, and you know, says Bitcoin solves this. Dude, like, I mean, as philosophical as you want to get, call it bullshit, call it not bullshit. The reality is like it does at the end of the day. If, imagine if let's vaporize money out of the conversation. What do humans do day in, day out? They be themselves. What is the, your superpower like as pomp, right? Nobody  you get the 60 year old woman that sings and blows everyone's mind. Why does people like that? They like it because one, it's original and they never saw it coming. So that originality sparks a fire in us. And the second part is that they asked the story, oh, what happened? Oh, well, you know, I ended up falling out with my parents when I was young and then I lived on the street and then I just had to make ends meet and I got an office job and life got in the way. Life got in the way of that.  Absolutely, but it's sort of going to be to the point where it makes it not a thing anymore. Yeah And I guess part of this Really comes down to We are asking people to be experts at multiple things right and I've talked about this before but I want you to earn a living being everything from a teacher to a fireman to a finance professional to an accountant to  that is a pretty big problem. When you add in this layer of machines and automation and all this stuff, people start to worry about, are they gonna lose that income? And one of the things that drives me, I think, to share this with people, because it seems so obvious, but maybe it's not, is that in a world where automation and machines become so prevalent and pervasive, creativity is the one thing that the  I'm like, look, if you look at it properly, Bitcoin is the carrot and, uh, you know, like that experiment with monkeys, right? The scientists, he's got bananas and there's monkeys, 10 monkeys lined up. They go, I want a banana. They grab a banana. The banana is thrown into a room and the door closed behind them. The monkey is caged. So the monkey wanted a banana, but now the monkey's in a cage and it doesn't have its own ability to do whatever it wants or whatever. So it's caged in a cage. It's a cage. It's a cage. It's a cage. It's a cage.  cavemen and super intelligence which is computers. So if you're a computer, right? Imagine, imagine AI and 30 years from now and you look back at a capitalist America and society money-hungry ads ads ads, bye, bye, bye. What do you think the carrot is or the banana to get us into locked in the cage? It's going to be money, right? So that's the first. So people think we're, you know, de shackling ourselves from governments. But I mean, there's a very, very clear path that that could be  or mispriced asset, investing there today will pay off pretty well in the future. And if you think about where the machines and automation are going to come in, actually the people who can leverage creativity and kind of human intelligence and ingenuity the best, the automation is only going to further the moat for those who are in the creative business. Literally. The only thing right now, like you can train data sets for yes or no.