 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off the Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  podcast. Yes, the Department of Energy has a podcast. And so I've kind of done my best to to get a base understanding, but I wanted Mark to come in and really give an overview of this power source kind of how the science works, how the reactors work, and then talk through the pros and cons and what the critiques are on the responses, etc. And so thank you so much for coming here to New York, his first time in New York City to do this. Thanks for having me. I appreciate it. It's been fun finding out the  I worked for an organization called Naval Reactors, which is kind of the nuclear regulatory commission version for the military or for the Navy, providing regulatory oversight and construction and operation of the reactors. And then I have commercial power experience as well. And so that's kind of my overall general background. And then in addition, you know, I'm a man of very few hobbies and my wife is a nuclear engineer too.  that's like a very romantic place to meet, right? Yeah, it was love at first sight. All right, so let's get into a little bit. You have a very unique background and experience in terms of not only are you very well-versed in kind of the regulatory side and the construction of these reactors and kind of the oversight, but also having been on aircraft and submarines, you've seen kind of what I'll call the land-based reactors, and then also what's powering some of these military vehicles.  Which is fascinating and basically to break it down and you know is that you've got a reactor And what you use use a fuel and there's all sorts of different types of fuel and I'm not gonna bore you with that But it absorbs a neutron it splits that causes heat to be generated that heat then used to boil water It turns a turbine that turbine can either it can be used to make power in the form of a commercial plant or it can be used to You know drive a propeller on a ship and then the other thing is that steam for say an aircraft carrier at least the  Is used not just in nuclear but in other forms of energy as well Good. Yeah, I mean absolutely I mean and you know it's it's funny because with the exception of solar they you basically have a rotating piece of equipment that is attached to a generator that makes your electricity and how you rotate that whether it's like a coal plant that uses the exact same style of steam plant a Exact but very similar style steam plant to a nuclear power plant or you can do it with your oil You know to heat that or if you say have  for sure. And the reaction that's creating the heat, I think, is the part that is kind of a black box to people. Right. And so maybe describe a little bit about how that reaction is occurring from the natural science of it. Yeah. So the way it works is that you have, you know, your, your fuel and I'm just going to use uranium 235 is where you say, let's call it uranium 235 as a fuel for this. That uranium absorbs a neutron and, and then it splits. That's, those are the fission products. That's part of the waste that we talk about. And this is like a collision, right? Where basically your  you know, create the collision with the uranium atom and there's that same thing. So we have these things called control rods, or there's other methods to control the reaction. And so it's like a throttle on your car. So we basically want to control the amount of neutrons they absorb the neutrons, these control rods do, and the neutrons get absorbed by that so that you get basically every atom of uranium that splits, you have one neutron generated to go onto the next uranium atom. Okay. And so, um, as we take these neutrons, you know, create the collision with the uranium atom and there's that same thing.  I'm gonna be a nuclear engineer by the end of this. And so going back to, so that's how nuclear works today. How does that reaction to heat, to steam, to the turbine, how does this work inside of like a nuclear power plant? So talking on land, you know, what most people would think of as like the large scale power plants, what's happening in those power plants? How do we go from that kind of one mechanism to the actual large scale facility? Well, I mean, you just got a lot of their cults  It causes in like a pressurized water reactor that water gets really hot it is pumped through What's called your primary loop into a steam generator the steam generator generates steam it pumps it into a? Or the steam is sent to a turbine spins the turbine. It's then cooled using like a lake a river treated sewage like out at Palo Verde and then It is condensed back into water. They pump that water back in so you have a closed cycle got it and so in an average  And so is that true, like we'll call it the US design. Is that true internationally as well? Because the numbers that when I was researching, there's about 100 active nuclear power plants today in the United States, international, including international, you get to about 400 total globally, right? Is that generally about right? Yeah, we have 460 globally right now with 56 under construction. But so the US or the pressurized water and boiling water reactors, that is that square  They're just round with little short, but they can do online refueling, which is a little different than our plants. We have to shut our plants down to refuel them. Got it. And so how does the land power plant differ from on a submarine or an aircraft, right? When it's what I'll call it mobile. Is it the same design just on a smaller scale and in a ship or a submarine or is there some difference in the design there? There are some differences, but overall they operate very much the same.  dependence on uranium. Obviously uranium is a key component of this. One question is just is uranium the only fuel source that can go into that? And then two, how do you think about dependence on uranium, our ability to find more, and if that's a risk or not? So based on a couple of scientific favors that I've seen, we have about a thousand years of uranium-235, which is the fuel that all US reactors use. And we are very inefficient with our fuel use of that.  the uranium 238 that's the remaining 99.3% into plutonium, which then if it receives the neutron will split. And one of the things that's fascinating about that is that we were talking about those control rods trying to get that magic one, well in a fast reactor where you're creating your own fuel, it's called breeding. You actually take one of those, your first neutron to keep the reaction going, your second neutron actually is going to create your new fuel,  It's all that's just how it is with the exception. There is one location where it's different Okay, and that's the natural reactor that ran two billion years ago on hundred thousand year cycles called hokalow out in Africa. Wait, what is this? Yeah, there's a natural reactor that ran for like million years and Somewhere in Africa. I remember specifically this called Okla There's a gen 4 company that takes that as their name but it has lower levels of Uranium 235 because it consumed it to opt to operate had  into plutonium, I think you said, and then use that as the fuel source. Is there controversy around moving to fast reactors? Is it just an expense? Like, what's the why would we not do that? Well, one is the regulations under the Carter administration. They they two things that they did, which kind of prevents us from from going to fast reactors and reducing our waste stockpile. We can't reprocess waste and we're not actually allowed to use plutonium reactors. OK, there's a concern because when you hear plutonium, people think weapons. The plutonium that  is actually very harmful and could be deadly and you know, be easier to cause issues. Yeah. It'd be easier to create a reactor to make if you want to make plutonium for weapons. Okay. So before we go deeper down the nuclear kind of rabbit hole, um, one of the things that fascinates me, right? So I came into this, I knew absolutely nothing about it. Um, and I really started to, uh, research and look into it is when I think of renewable or clean energy, I think of hydro, I think of wind, I think of solar, right?  They can spin and obviously capture the energy. Nuclear, and before we were talking, has a much smaller footprint. Maybe kind of just talk through what that footprint difference is and then we can get into some of the things that nuclear may solve that those others suffer even once they're installed. Yeah, so the energy density, that's what the- That's a smart, intelligent way to say it, okay. Yeah, that's what the, if you go to the opposite nuclear energy, that's the term.  about 13 acres to do that with nuclear. So now you can do the math. But what a lot of people don't talk about specifically the wind and solar folks is what's called capacity factor. Nuclear operates at 92% capacity factor and we can shut them down when we want to. Wind and solar operated, well, wind about 25 to 40%, solar somewhere between 10 and 20%. So now if you want that same output capacity to match nuclear, right, you're looking for wind and solar that's 7%  20% for I think you said solar and then 20 to 40% for wind and so you actually have to have even more than just a gigawatt of capacity because the Capacity usage is lower. Yeah, absolutely and if you look at you know Solar's not producing energy at night, right? I mean and winds not producing if the winds not blowing and if the winds blowing too hard Oh interesting Yeah, so when because you don't want the turbine blades turning too fast and so they'll literally shut them down when it's to When the wind is too fast because it'll actually cause them to rip apart. There's some great videos on YouTube for that  and  more power than we did when we had 120, which means that on a per power plant basis, we're actually getting more efficient and more output per power plant. Absolutely. Yeah. You got it. What was the reason to go from 120 down to 97? Well, you know, it's it's interesting. You know, there there are many reasons why, you know, competitive electricity prices driving driving the plants out. It's a lot of the a lot of the plants get shut down with the smaller single unit facilities.  I'll use Duke Energies. They have their smallest facilities in 811 megawatt power plant that has 780 employees. Out of employees? Yeah. Their largest power plant produces 2069 megawatts and has 1,050 employees. Right. So for 300 extra employees, you're getting almost three times the power output. And so that's the baseline number of employees per power plant is just very high. Yes.  You typically have a shift manager, a unit supervisor, and two licensed reactor operators per unit. Well, if I have a three unit facility with one controller, and I have one shift manager, three unit supervisors, right now I've produced the number of people just by two right there. For sure. And so when I hear that, you know, we had 120, we're down to 97 now, 97, there's 50 states, I would have thought, oh, that's probably like two per state, right? Just easy math and probably a stupid assumption, but that would have been my assumption.  a requirement that for Oregon to build any new nuclear required a national repository. So you've heard of Yucca Mountain, right? So a national repository for spent nuclear fuel. Okay, and this is a place to take the nuclear waste and put it somewhere away from people. Yes. Okay. Yeah. And so Yucca Mountain, you know, we were building it and then we shut it down to the 2009 timeframe, shut down the process. And so there's several states that that's a requirement.  It's a new scales design. They're all about the beer. For sure. And so, okay. So there's certain states that have nuclear. There's certain states that don't. And you already kind of hit on a little bit, right? Is I think one of the biggest critiques against it, whether it's reasonable or not or accurate or not is people fear nuclear because they only know one of three things. Either they know nothing about it and it sounds scary, right? You know, I've heard of nuclear bombs before. Like I don't want that near me.  Nuclear energy is 20% of all electricity generated in the United States, right? It makes up more than 55% of all clean energy in the United States. And so it's not a thing of like, what are we going to do in the future? Like it's already here. We're doing this and we've been doing it for a long time. You know, you told me before, I was sure recording 20% of the electricity in the United States since 1990, right? So it's been going on for a long time that we've been doing this. People just haven't talked about it or just didn't spend the time to really learn about it, I think. Yeah, I mean, and that's true. And I think at peak, it was 40% of our energy.  It looks like a big giant swimming pool that has old used fuel rods in it And it just sits in there to cool down because you can't you don't want them to get too hot So these are the fuel rods that had the uranium in them that were in their reactor itself, right? We now take them and literally submerge them in liquid that literally looks like a swimming pool in terms of the size of the thing That's but it's liquid that is being submerged in to cool it off. Yeah, it's an Olympic. It's an Olympic swimming pool And there's 20 feet of water over the fuel. Oh, wow. Yeah, those are not small  So that's the concern that the toxicity of is the radioactivity that everyone talks about so how long in the Spent fuel pool if I have a rod I put it in there How long do I leave it in there on average typically about a decade? Oh Wow, okay I was thinking like when you you know burn your finger and you run under cold water for two minutes in the sink This is not that this is you're leaving it in there for 10 plus years. Yeah to cool off. So yeah, so typically they're in about a decade and then they and then they move them into a  And you close it up. Why is the helium go into it? I'm the helium goes in there so that remember that there's still some heat left Okay, and if it was in a vacuum It wouldn't be good. It would it would there would be thermal you know insulation and it would start to potentially melt Helium is a great conductor of heat as a gas and so they pressurize a helium so that it'll conduct that heat to the outside and cool it but you've allowed them to cool sufficiently to where just the you know the air out in the middle of  the critics of nuclear, do they not like that? I mean, this is the waste that everyone is concerned about. Okay, got it. And I mean, as far as the quantity of this, if you took all those casks and you brought them into, if you put them on a football field, it'd only be 50 feet deep. So I could cover a hundred yards, 50 feet deep. It would be all of her. All the spent fuel from commercial operations in the United States. And that's been how long? 60 years. 60 years. Okay. So as you're putting those  It's or just far away from me. I mean it was it was in the Nevada desert in a mountain and in all of nowhere I feel like the especially Americans we just feel like the desert inside of a mountain like I put area 51 put the put the cast Etc. Well, and we actually have a long-term repository the government they built one called It's called the waste isolation pilot plant pilot program. It's called the whip facilities in Carlsbad, New Mexico Okay, and that's where the US sends its Waste from weapons production  nuclear power plant. What happens on the submarines and the aircraft? The fuel is removed and it is shipped out to Idaho. Got it. And I'm assuming there's just one repository where all US military, whatever goes in. Yeah. Got it. And so why is it once it's inside of that cast, it's on site. So is it safe? Is it a thing where people are worried about the seal?  much that the spent fuel rods don't have radiation, it's that they're locked into the actual cast itself. And so the outside of the cast is not seeing any radiation. Yeah. So the stainless steel and the concrete are acting as shielding. Got it. Okay. So yeah, it's providing shielding for that. Now, if that fuel was unshielded and you drove a truck up to or drove a car at 55 miles an hour, you would not survive. Okay. So if it was just sitting on the side of the road, there was nothing  Lining in the concrete. It's just talk about in the spent fuel pool in the pool. Um, well, it's a very it's readily available The other thing is is that when they're when? commercial reactors are they're removing the fuel during their outages they have to do this every 18 months 18 to 24 months They have to literally take the whole reactor out They take about a they spot. It's about a third swap They take about a they bring a third new fuel in a third of the fuel is completely consumed and then they basically have to reassemble the reactor  compartmentalized. And at the end of the day, I think one of the things I took away the most from the research and the conversation I have with you is this is science, right? And if we get the science right, then you get into how are the systems designed? What are the protocols that the humans have to interact with those systems? And we got to make sure that we're right on the science, right? And if we do that, then we can create safe systems. Okay. So I think you've done a good job describing like how we deal with the waste right now. We'll come back to that in a second, but there's been these three  Okay, so it on same site, right? So so that covers five of the eight and then there was three mile and and Chernobyl I believe Russia had one other now we talked about three mile and because that's the only true commercial Meltdown there were some test reactors that melted down but these were we were doing silly things at that point. We didn't know what we're doing Because that was like in the 60 79. Yes, I mean, yeah, so 79 cheating. I have notes you have your brain So three mile and and  Public only received about one and one dental act raise worth of radiation. Is that a lot? No, no. Okay. You get four typically when you go to the dentist. Okay. Yeah. That's not a lot of radio. Well, I was asking now why it's on top of my head. Somebody recently, a dentist actually recently told me that grand central has a lot of radiation because of the materials that it's used in the construction. Yeah. He said it's like a big radiation box. And now I'm like scared to walk through grand central. Well, there's actually a video and I tweeted out there of a nuclear  They had a relief valve or they had a had a relief out had slight leak by and so there's a temperature indication down That's beyond that relief us a relief valve basically to keep the prep make sure that you don't get too much pressure and then you cause a Chernobyl event which is you know over pressurize your planet steam explosion that's bad So this relief valve was leaking and so the piping downstream it was getting hot and so they had this indication that They were living with  and steam does not conduct heat very well. And so they basically caused that, the fuel assemblies, the fuel rods, they got too hot and they melted. It's kind of like you ever seen in Germany with the boots when they chug beer and they have the bubble and as they chug the boots, right? Yeah, pretty similar. Okay, so that's Three Mile Island. I think that that's probably the lesser known of the three, right? And mainly just because Fukushima and Chernobyl have been  that they were to lose offsite power as it's known, that as the turbine was spinning down, it could keep the reactor cool. So they were basically running this test to ensure that the reactor could not melt down. And it went way wrong. So basically saying, we're going to try to melt it down and show you that this system will prevent it from melting down. Essentially, yes. Geniuses. Yeah, geniuses, yeah. So what happened is that  inside of Chernobyl, the first three that they went to said, no way, I'm not running that test. They knew that it was a bad thing to do. And somehow the fourth, whether they were forced or agreed or whatever, they ended up running the test. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Got it. And they're running the test on, my understanding is a different design than US-based reactors. Yes. Yeah. So US-based, US reactors don't have that same flaw that exists. None of our reactors have that. So, and as they were running the test, they had what's called a power excursion.  We put glass all over the place. Well, in this case, yeah, they literally, you know, they shot fuel all over the place, right? Going back to that whole, you know, drive a truck up to it. Got it. And so earlier you said Three Mile Island was one whatever level of radiation the dentist is for. I forget what the. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. So one one dental x-ray, which is about three millirem. And then as a one dental x-ray, one dental x-ray. Got it. How much Chernobyl? I'm assuming way more. Well, Chernobyl killed 31 people.  but the majority were from the radiation exposure. So basically this is a perfect example of, hey, if things go really, really wrong and this stuff is not done correctly, if there is stupid error, if the systems have design flaws, people can die because there's radiation. Correct. Now, one of the things that's fascinating is that every reactor in the United States has what's called a containment. It's a steel line, we're going back to the stainless steel line, with concrete, steel re-enactment,  Chernobyl explosion, but if they did it would be contained inside the containment now That being said the US actually had its its own Chernobyl event that no one talks about. Oh really? Yes, there was an army reactor. So I know you were army There's an army react as where the Navy guy gives me a hard time. Don't worry. It was a sailor involved, too It was it was called SL one that was out in the ad L. Yes. Yes and stationary light water reactor one  that reaction, but you're relying on humans to do this, right? Our plants don't rely on humans to do that anymore, and that's one of those reasons. Got it, and this was a land-based power plant, or this was like a submarine aircraft? It was a land-based military reactor. Got it, okay. And so that happened... 1961. Okay, so this is way before even, through my island, and Sherrill, etc., got it. Yeah, even when I was researching, I didn't see that  and  right, is this was not human error to start with, this was not system design flaw, there was a massive earthquake that then created a tsunami, that tsunami brought water, for those that don't know a tsunami brings water, right, brought water onto the plant, and that's where some of these issues started. Yeah, absolutely. So normally, because we were talking about those rods that are in the spent fuel pool, and we talk about, you know, that we got to worry about the fusion products, they get hot for a long period of time, we keep them in there for a decade, right? So when a reactor shuts down,  Cool And so that's what happened now the explosions that occurred which is actually funny which is funny it's interesting is that three reactors melted down and They operated there were total six reactors are three more defueled, but they're in pairs and one of the reactors that exploded Actually had no fuel in it. How does that happen? So what happens is that when you get the the fuel rods themselves or they're a tube that outer tube is made