 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off the Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  I think I was 11 years old and sort of got involved in sports and whatnot. And that kind of kept me out of that. Those are those those communities. We got to talk. So you what went to Seattle and played football only. Yeah play high school football at West Seattle shot the coach Berger shot the coach up you listen man. Come on you can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school coach. You can't be shouting on your high school  And the running backs right next to me with the ball in the end zone. I am fair So you guys want to see championship? No, no, no bouncing the first round Listen we climb the mountain the mountain doesn't matter how big the mountain is. All right, so you end up going to play football at Yale Why Yale? Yeah, I heard that school sucks. Yeah, it's funny. I have another funny story there So I you know my family I grew up, you know very poor, you know for lack of a better word You know, we didn't even have the internet in high school and this is  It's a black rectangle that you stick into a VCR. You used to have to make them yourself. There was no website that like all these kids blew up. You used to have to stick these things in and record football games with these giant boxes. Anyway, so he sent my tape to the coaches at Yale and they started recruiting me. When they first got there, when I first met Coach Reno, who's now the head coach at Yale, he flew to Seattle to visit me. When he left my school, I literally, my friend asked me, oh, who's that from? They were used to seeing coaches come in and recruit me. I go, I don't know, some small school in Connecticut.  After our final heading in the second semester and goes If you don't think I I don't know what to tell you basically is what he's saying But I can make sure you don't go to University of Washington You should go to Yale, but if you're too dumb to figure that out I'll make sure you don't go to University of Washington. That's when everything clicked So that was a very first time I got on a plane. So the way the first time you ever got on a plane Yeah, let's go my visit. Yeah, really? Yeah, so you said AP classes you want to hear a great one when I got to college a kid was  I  was big time, you know, 60s, 70s and into the 80s. What's your biggest takeaway from being a student at Yale? Oh, man, my biggest takeaway from being a student at Yale, I don't even know if it's my takeaway, it's something I would go back and do had I known, I would have challenged myself more academically, I wouldn't have been afraid to protect my GPA as much as I was. I sort of I felt academically inferior coming from a, you know, inner city public school. It wasn't a worse school, you know, I did get to go to a better school than I otherwise could have.  Yeah, and if what you know, I think the example uses like kind of medieval history or something, right? He's like if school actually optimized for learning What you would do is you would go read the five best books on medieval history, right? And then you would walk away back I know the most about medieval history than I possibly could like I should pass this class totally but instead of what they do is they have to watch for that test and that test is based on the notes and the Lectures of that teacher gave and then so if you want to pass the test you shouldn't go read the five best books and so you should read the teachers notes and guess what in college it's always like half of the books have written by the professor that's their day job and  Talk to you, but if you can unlearn that there's huge advantages. Oh my god It's so you hit the nail on the head when it comes to companies and education like it specifically on companies Your business should be principally focused on solving a problem that your clients face that your customer base face That that is that is the literal and single most important variable to determines, you know, successful businesses sexual enterprises relative to unsuccessful ventures to me That's yeah, what'd you do when you left school? Oh, so I've been I joined hegia. So  year of college at the latest. Go to Brother Jimmy's on the weekend. Or sidebar. Whatever the new hottest intern bar is. But it's pretty competitive. It's very competitive. And that starts, a lot of these kids have been groomed for life for these kind of opportunities. I wasn't even aware that the opportunities existed. But once I became aware, it became very interesting to me. However, I was just kind of late to the curve. So kind of kicking the tires, trying to look for an offbeat path to get into  to go, independent investment research is going to go. I have a vision for the mediums in which finance is going to change in terms of the communication mechanisms, the delivery mechanisms of information. I think that's going to change. I need a bunch of young analysts that I really can't afford at Wall Street rates to come work for me. I was part of that first cattle class of analysts, I guess in the longest surviving one. Others have gone off to business school, done some really great things around the world. I certainly survived. What did you guys do when you first got there? What was his pitch to you?  before I moved to New York. It wasn't glamorous, but it was awesome because you could just see the wheel starting to turn as our collective knowledge base grew, our client base grew, and our feedback met loop through. All those things kind of grew exponentially over the years. Yeah. And so talk a little bit about what you guys actually do, and then we'll get into the macroeconomics and what you guys are seeing this year. Yeah. So Hejai, at its core, is a sort of distillery of industrial grade investment research. The whole genesis behind the name Hejai  There's no competition in the investment research fear. You talk about the people he's competing with on TV, it's not much better on the sell side in terms of the traditional banks and brokers, if only because of their conflicts of interest. What we're trying to do is effectively show world-class process in terms of investment decision making and then share that process with institutional investors, hedge funds, mutual funds, pension funds, and then we touch investment advisors, we touch retail investors. There's a product set and a product set.  It's mostly through the various mediums. I think one of the key scraped visions, and I'm actually shocked that no one has tried to compete in this arena that he's built, is the fact that we create marketable, consumable content. No matter how good the research is in Wall Street, it's delivered in a very boring, very traditional sense. Here's a PowerPoint presentation. Here's a research note. We're going to do a conference call.  video content that's on par with anything you're going to see on CNBC and Bloomberg. And so when you sort of marry the fact that we have great analysts, great investors with repeatable, transparent processes and accountability, I think that's another thing that's unique to Hedgeye is the fact that we're accountable to all of our calls. A lot of investors, a lot of people kind of do what we do, or at least on the side of finance. They'll pop up when something's going well for them and they'll go away when it's not going well for them. We're in our clients' inboxes every day. We're producing video content every day. I'm on Twitter every day.  interesting, chaotic year of my career in terms of all of the different sort of kind of macro things that happened relative to sort of some of the expected outcomes. And I, I, I'll namely use the sort of year to date returns, but in fact, I'm not even sure what the year to date return is. To me, just to us in general, investing is not about year to date. Year to date is a compensation scheme. That's for, that's how hedge fund investors get paid. That's how, you know, the people on wall street get paid. It's not about year to date. It's about when did you make this decision and how well did the decision do in terms of performance?  to  of them. You've got a federal reserve that has chosen to cut rates, right? It looks like you need- Forced to cut rates. Okay. So explain more. Well, the forced to cut rates. So the federal reserve tends not to do what the bond market's suggesting. So you go back into what kind of catalyzed the rate cut and heading in the first rate cut in July. It was a summertime soon in May. It was a degradation in economic data. It was the rise in credit spreads that we saw in the second quarter of this year. The federal reserve, J. Powell, don't forget,  We can talk about this for two hours. Explain that more. Absolutely. I had a very, very important, to say the least, bond investor teach me this a few years ago. This is probably 2016. He said the most important driver of economic activity, of inflation, of investor expectations is liquidity. It's the supply and demand balance or imbalance between maturing debt obligations and the cash  as a function of investor confidence. Investors, if they think interest rates are headed lower, they're more likely to hoard cash, they're more likely to be in defensive assets, and it's less likely to extend credit. The credit chain, and we can talk about repo as well, because I think this is what's happening in the repo market as well. I think that whole process gets, a wrench gets thrown in that process when the economy slows, because people start to get nervous at the margins. Repos? Repos. Oh, man, this is my favorite topic right now.  that's a stationary currency, that's federal reserve with a fractional reserve system. Those are all secondary considerations beyond the statement that global economy is based on largely dollar-denominated base credit and most of global trade is not only financed but also settled in US dollars. My theory on that is because we probably have the biggest guns, we exert the most coercive force around the world. That could change, but I'm not making that call. So you take this back to the problem in our repo market.  of these big hedge funds rely on repo to grow their balance sheet. They might have a need for leverage to gross up, but they might not necessarily be in incremental supply of cash. The reason there's no incremental supply of cash is because the US dollar is so strong. The Federal Reserve, and this happens before every recession, the Federal Reserve takes the benchmark interest rate for the world reserve currency, for the currency that all trade and credit is settled in globally higher than all the other  So they have to issue FX swaps, all these things. And that's draining cash out of our repo market. And this happens every time ahead of a recession because what it's really telling you is that monetary policy settings are too tight for the liquidity. It's creating a supply and demand imbalance at that sort of integral juncture between cash and credit demand. And so should people be worried about what's going on in the repo market? Or do they persist? Now the Fed has thrown the, I mean, I wouldn't even call it the kitchen sink.  used, you know, totally 10 billion, five times, whatever. Absolutely. Absolutely. But the balance sheet has grown. I'm sort of quoting this off the top of my head and I could be wrong to correct me if I'm wrong on this. I think the balance sheet has grown about $300 billion in the last four months. And it's scheduled. Is it QE? No, technically no. Because I think QE has a different intention. Let's set this aside. Do we even have to call it QE? It is what it is. It's the Federal Reserve growing its balance sheet by sort of swapping the results.  change behavior in the book. Yeah, QE is designed to change behavior. Whereas this is really just designed to make sure this thing works. And it's a lot of there's some technical factors in there that are unnecessary to discuss. I think the only reason why the is it QE is not QE becomes a conversation point is because they specifically said it wasn't. And again, don't forget, J Powell is not a technical man. He's not a technocrat. He's not a monetarist or anything like that. So, you know, he's going to get himself in trouble. He starts talking about these really big. He's an impossible job, I think. A very impossible job. And quite frankly, I think he's doing a fairly good job.  and just listening. We've got some Bud lights here. Yeah, I'm on my third beer. Pardon me. Darius told me he said, is this like a formal thing or is this like a Bud light thing? I simply texted back Bud light. Both. Both. Both. Yeah. So if they hadn't stepped in and enacted at all, where do you think we would have been? Right. So it's like we know what happened because they stepped in. But is that a full scale recession? Is that, you know, depression? Is that it would have been bad, but it would have been that bad. Like, like where were we headed before they actually stepped in?  done is allow and a slow sluggish recovery and we can go into I think it's a really big topic we should probably hit on is sort of the impact of monetary ultra easy monetary policy to me I think it's deflationary and put one of the reasons I think it's been deflationary is because you allow for industry consolidations you allow for established players in every market to get bigger to buy growth to quash competitiveness so this is one of the reasons why the economy has grown slower because more that smaller businesses are more dynamic and they grow faster but it's also one of the reasons why wage pressure  50, 60 year lows in unemployment, da da da da da da. But there's some cracks underneath the hood in the labor market that are starting to suggest that the deterioration we saw in corporate profits that began in Q3 of this year, the last quarter, is likely to continue. So you've got private sector wage growth at 3.7%, that's at a cycle high. If you have total non-farm paywalls growth at 1.47%, that's trending towards a cycle low. At the end of every business cycle, those things really start to diverge, i.e. employment growth starts to slow dramatically as wages stay high and sticky. The unit labor costs  in the sense of markets and kind of how he views, he's very professional, et cetera. And earlier this year, he wrote a thing that said, look, central banks have two tools. They can cut rates and they can print money, right? And they're unlikely to have the same impact if they do that now, as they historically have had, right? So last two recessionary periods, cut rates, I think it's 550 basis points or more. We obviously don't have that much to cut. If they print money, we're kind of addicted a little bit to it. And so we're kind of used to the impact that that can have. And so that impact is  of increasing the debt limit, it allowed the Treasury to start to reissue bills again. They have a very heavy bill issue in its calendar for the second half of the year, so it started to drain cash out of the market. The Treasury got the big dog eats first, and this is how finance works. So when the big dog started draining cash out of the market, repo rates started to spike, and the Fed said, oh my God, there's not enough dollars to go around for the Treasury to get fed, for foreign commercial banks to get fed, for foreign hedge funds to get fed, for our own commercial banks to get fed, the ones that aren't flush with reserves, and they tend to be pretty concentrated.  and the Man for Credit.  clip a month, the balance of the median term lending facilities down 20 to 30% year over year, they're basically acknowledging the fact that they can't get the dollars that they need to grow their credit base, so they're just going to allow it to slow into the dollar breaks until the Fed cracks the dollar with some very aggressive policy. I'm not sure if we're there yet. What would that be? I think the Fed has to turn around and say, we're either going to increase the amount, we're going to start to meet the incremental demand, because right now it's like, oh, here's, I'm licking my finger and putting it in the air.  much demand do you think is unmet right now? What are you talking about size-wise? I haven't done this analysis myself, so I don't want to put too much stock in it, but I did see a paper floating around the street. Clients push us, email people's research all the time, and they want to get our take on it. Because we have a very quantitatively oriented investment framework, and we can talk about that some other time, but they want to see how this meet what some of these key takeaways mean in the context of our quads. I did see a paper that said there's a $1.4 trillion  billion amongst friends at this point. We're talking in trillions now, brother. Yeah. Come on now. I mean, yeah, this is why, by the way, this is why Bitcoin exists. I don't know that Bitcoin is a tradable good. And we can talk about it whether it's a commodity, whether it's a currency, whether it's money, you know, I think I have my views on it. Let's just go right into Bitcoin. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Before we go back into Bitcoin, this whole game that they're trying to keep, and we're going to Bitcoin, this whole game that they're trying to keep going, this dollar based credit game,  and  $500 emergency bill. So those are people who for sure are living paycheck to paycheck. Yeah, for sure. Have no cash, have no assets. This is paycheck to paycheck. In that world, those people are one, usually also not, they don't benefit from having an inflation adjusted wage contract. Yeah, of course. They're getting paid their 15 bucks an hour, 10 bucks an hour every single year, year in and year out. They think they're getting paid the same, obviously not. Actually. Because of inflation. But also then they're leaving all of their savings in cash that cash is just getting away. If they have savings. Exactly. You can't be boss of the law a lot.  or not because the whole idea, in my opinion, around Bitcoin today, there's a lot of people who will say it's a savings technology. What that basically means is today we ask people to be experts at what they do for a living. Whether you're a researcher, whether you're a marketer, whether you're a teacher, a fireman, you're just an accountant, whatever you do, you have to go and be good at it so you can get paid to make a living. You make that money. But then we ask you, not only do you have to be good at your job, we also need you to be a good investor because we need you to understand  screw it up. And so then what they do, they go and they invest in some dumb stuff and actually lose their wealth faster. And so what ends up happening is, well, what if there was a currency that allowed the world to operate in such that when you earned your living, you could leave your wealth in that asset that you earned it in and that asset was not inflated away, was not debased away? Yeah, no, I'll push back a little on that because I agree what you're saying. Nobody ever comes in here and pushes it back. I want some pushback. No, absolutely. And again, it's coming from the perspective of  of human history.  15 or 16% in a day or in a week. Well, that's not much. That's a speculation. Yeah, it's very much. So there's two buckets here. One is where are you in the life cycle of adoption, right? When there's very low levels of adoption, it's much more volatile. As you get more and more adoption, it becomes less volatile. We know that it's becoming less volatile, but it's still volatile. It is. Right. And then the second is there's definitely various wealth levels as to how you are affected. So if you only have $1,000, you put all $1,000 into it,  I do. I probably know more about Bitcoin than you. Probably. You're being very modest. You know, you're one of the world's leading experts in blockchain. Darius is Satoshi. Anyway, so what I don't understand, and this is more just take me out of the, don't talk to me about the white papers and stuff. Take me to like the whiteboard explanation of why the price of Bitcoin changes at all. Okay. So, well, a couple of, again, relatively elementary or simplistic things, but  Right and so that that purchasing power is changing one dollar equals one dollar with Bitcoin one dot by the way That goes back to what I said on the dollar based credit system one dollar only goes one dollar because we all agreed to agree to use US dollars the basis for the entire global financial system So Bitcoin if you live in a Bitcoin world, right? I always describe like there's two financial systems. There's an inflationary fractional reserve system that's dollar based and that's how we all know and we and we Denominate everything in dollars then there is this deflationary kind of  price volatility in dollar terms of it went from $1,000 in January 2017 to 20 to three to 14 to seven. I mean, that's a lot of volatility rate in dollar terms. And so I think what ends up happening here is you get one hyper hyper retail driven markets historically, because there's not a lot of electronic trading, there's not a lot of the structures that are in place in kind of Wall Street, in terms of smoothing price, right? They can't stop markets and valuation based frameworks.  But for the most part, it's been like dead money for about 10 years. When you look at Bitcoin over 10 years, it went from $1 to $90,000 in the last decade. Right? I mean, nuts in terms of if you put $1 in and what it's worth today. Right? So you bought $1 of Bitcoin 10 years ago. Today, that $1 worth $90,000. Right? Huge in terms of price appreciation, right? Or Bitcoin appreciation in dollar terms. But it's all because people are trying to figure out what is Bitcoin worth. Totally. Right? And I don't think anyone has an answer yet. Now, the one thing that I think  Yes. Second is, well, I'll even give you a better stat. I forget the exact math. My partner Mark knows it. But there's like the Fed has been trying to guess the next quarter's GDP for like 248 times or something. They've never got it right. The land of the land of which was the the biggest sort of advent and then Federal Reserve history. This is this changes the way we think about forecasts. We're doing this now casting thing. And by the way, you know, we've some of some of our ideas in terms of developing our own now.  I don't know about profanity. Yeah, you can't. We're drinking beer. Literally, Bud Lights. Sorry. All right. So here's the thought process. If we don't know the supply of dollars, right, we can guess and get close, but we don't know for sure. And then we don't know demand either. So there's a bunch of models that let's model supply and let's model demand. But basically what we're doing is we're guesstimating on both of those things. And we come out with price, right? Or what the output of that equation is. So supply demand, we end up with a result. With Bitcoin, we get a lot of money.  a future value of something. Well, let's say that you and I are really bad. We're just as bad as the economists, the Federal Reserve, etc. And all we say is we're gonna be super simplistic about it. We're simply going to take the rate of demand that has occurred for the last 11 years, and we're going to extrapolate it out with no rate change. So no increase, no decrease. We're just going to say it stays the same. We could be wrong on that. But just saying that as you do that, what ends up happening is because you know the supply with 100% certainty, and you just extrapolate out what you get is a continued increase.  The value is pretty well documented in terms of a lot of these models and stuff because you have one input, you know, with 100% certainty, you can just extrapolate demand. The price is what's volatile. The price is what's volatile and the price is quoted in the unit of something else. Yes. And this to me is the fundamental, I don't want to use the word issue because it's not an issue. It's actually not a flaw. I'm looking for a more elegant word. I think this is the fundamental problem that Bitcoin and crypto in general still need to solve.  the  $500 billion and a trillion dollars in global derivatives. If the dollar gets replaced by anything, I don't care if it's Bitcoin, empty cans and butt light, if anything, there'll be chaos. There'll be wars. There'll be death. There'll be people scrambling to replace the system. There'll be big guns and tanks and nuclear bomb. This is the problem with, and again, I don't want to use it for problems. I think there's an elegant solution here that has well above my period.