 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off the Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  the internet named Internet from OperaNet and also that's when Unix open source to universities. So I went to the University of Illinois to study operating systems and ever since it's been 35 years. In 1984 you went to go study operating systems? Yes I did. That's pretty good foresight. Oh it's a fluke because look back at that time I thought we're just studying you know come to this country with more advanced  57 so little but they're not too far. That's the thing At that time what I overlooked was we're saying okay Everything is a given should be naturally. That's what we study instead of seeing that's a great Opportunity I didn't see that part. Yep to this day. I still regret I see And so what did you do after school? Then I went to Microsoft Research  IBM, Yorktown Heights, and AT&T, Bell Labs, or the better known ones. And no one really wanna go to Microsoft to do research at that point. But I ended up there just also by some accidents because I was from China. I couldn't be hired by IBM, AT&T, or Xerox PARC. So because it was a communist country, right?  Bill Gates, nice to the employees, but kind of mean to executives. So he was nice to the employees, but mean to the executives. And any, any funny stories that you have? Well, you know, at that time, because Microsoft was small and all new hires got a chance to eat dinner at Bill Gates house. Wow. At that time. And so I remember I went, right? Because the reason I went is because I want to see he was the richest  And also it's an old house. Yeah, that's awesome But he but like I think that's part of the beauty of him right the Warren Buffett's of the world Etc. Is that they don't care about the material things Right and also I also appreciate You know his mother did so much for United Way and we follow suits and we helped They contribute to the to the cause that's awesome All right. So at some point you moved to China and you lived there  the piracy issues, the DDoS attack issues, the piracy issues. But unfortunately, we have that dream, 99, which is literally 20 years ago. Until today, it's still not being accepted by the community. For sure. Where'd you live in China? I live in Shanghai. In Shanghai. What's that like right now? Well, for the past 20 years, it's improved so much.  has a very kind of specific perspective of China, both at the technology industry, but also kind of the political stuff that's going on. You lived there, you were on the ground. What was your general take in terms of how do the citizens interact with the government, and then how does technology companies and engineers play into all of that? Well, the Chinese employees, engineers, they worked really extremely hard because of, they have this mentality  self-employed work that hard. There's a gentleman in Silicon Valley, I'm going to forget who wrote it, but they wrote a op-ed here in America and they basically were pretty blatantly saying that China is outworking the United States. By working hours, yes. And they were talking about this idea of, one, the amount of work in terms of the hours. Two, a lot of people were actually living in  Yeah, I believe in the way that saying it's true because of For the first generation like me being the first generation immigrants. We work harder than most of the the native borns, right but Let's say even in China the second generation, especially the one child policy the kids tend to be more spoiled So I'm not sure if this kind of mentality will last but that's all the time being right. That's the case  blockchain, which is little surprise to everyone. But looking at it, it's not quite out of the blue because of, there's a saying, right? You know, China is a big government instead of a smaller government in the United States. A big government meaning it has a lot of power, resources. And absolute power implies absolute corruption, which is true everywhere. In a way,  necessarily governed per se, but let's say a state-owned enterprise, high speed rail, power grid, those companies are huge, like a million employees, two million employees. And also if the CEO cannot fire the county level, let's say a power supplier, then where's those efficiency or where there's a corruption because they can turn off your power, asking for  attention is this DCEP, right? The digital currency, which is there. Uh, digital currency and electronic payment. If you've been to China for Ali pay, uh, 10 cent pay, uh, that we check pay, right. Uh, almost everywhere. And, uh, people use their mobile phones to pay. Right. Basically, uh, when I was, uh, when, when, when, when we're in China, it's a cashless society now. Basically anywhere you don't, you don't need to  signal, you can still shake your phone and pay peer to peer with AirDrop, your virtual money. So then basically they don't promote cryptos, they promote something, you trust me, you trust the state owned banks to have consortium chains, then they're issuing those crypto currency to replace, not really replace,  If you've been to China you see someone's cameras almost It's pretty crazy pretty crazy. Yeah, but then that's really It's a different issue. It's not related to the the blockchains. Yeah, it wouldn't in part of my question is really Is that part of the conversation right like do citizens realize that or are most citizens? Just this is what I grew up in. This is all I know and so it's normal of course All citizens were all for you if you just open your eyes  group they have sense of group instead of more individualism, you know like being a One person like last blood, you know hooking one person Rambo could save the world. That's kind of a different mentality for sure as you think about this You eventually moved on and started a last dose What was the first time you ever saw blockchain or Bitcoin or crypto? Like how did you initially get interested in it?  It's a different level of abstraction. I believe computer science has to go down to the metal, go down to the CPU level. That was the reason I went back to set up my own operating system venture and trying to design a network OS. And one thing lead to another, by 2012, I got some investment from Foxconn, which is one of the biggest  So then we can make smart homes safer and protect the privacy of citizens, right, or the users. But in around the end of 2016, 2017, we run into some issues. So I have to find alternative investments. There I found  and especially a lot of those so-called smart contract-based blockchain projects that talk about the apps, they talk about ecosystems. And then, and also when I researched YouTube and what is Ethereum in one sentence and the founder of Ethereum saying that's a world computer, right? So those term jargons caught my eye because of what's a computer.  and I would study more about what is a world computer, what is a DAP, what is an ecosystem. Then I realized the blockchain world, well, they are very innovative, but on the other hand, they are lacking of some fundamentals because of they're not trained to be the designer of a computer or a ecosystem.  all over instead of physical machines. Basically you spawn, you create virtual machines on demand. Instead of, because making a hardware computer, it takes resources, it takes time. But if you make virtual computers on demand, which is setting up us in a completely different level, right? And so you last was according, because we've been working on this,  started, what was kind of the original idea in terms of what you could build? Was it one single product? Was it to go after the whole ecosystem? Like, how did you think about it? At that time, we were going after the network computer. But that but in year 2000, network meaning the local air network, let's say you have a room of 100 employees with 100 PCs, can you manage them as a as a whole? Like if you look at the autonomous driving in a  issues. Yeah, that's when we started. Got it. And so when you get started, one of the things I've heard you talk about in the past is this idea of like a smart web, right? Maybe talk us through how you define smart web and how that differs from that www web that we all know. And a lot of people in the blockchain world talk about the value internet, saying the old internet is the information internet. I think there's a guy  The community is short from saying, if you give me a token, usually for a trade, for goods. And currently the goods you trade are offline goods. Can you trade online virtual digital assets? People are talking about building a virtual economy, so then you can trade, protect user data and trade user data. But trade user data, that's where we come in.  assets. To send a digital asset, you have to send code. You cannot just send a file being played by media player. So if you send a binary code over, the binary runs and validate itself and check the blockchain, do you still own it? Let's say if I send you a binary code, which is my encrypted, my personal data, I send it to you. And if I  Smartphone meaning the phone that runs apps the internet runs dabs are The smart rap got it. And so that's smart web Talk to me about is it decentralized? Is it not decentralized? Like how how do you think about building it right? Because you describe what the functionality of it is But but how do you think about actually building something like that? We are actually I'm glad you asked We're really really close because we're working through we have pretty much got everything built  at that point. So we're really, really close from shipping the smart web browser. But before we get to the browser, there's kind of three levels, as I understand, in terms of the stack of what you guys have built. Going after this idea of the smart web allows you to send value or code rather than the information web or www. What are those three kind of layers, if you will, to what you guys have already built? Because I think that framework  in this concept, because I don't think a lot of people have heard this before, merge mining is I'm a miner, I bought some hardware from Bitmain or whoever, I plug in my equipment, I get the internet hooked up, I get it ready to go, I start mining Bitcoin. Where do you come into that? How do I? Basically configure that software because it's the feature, the latest feature is built in now. So then you turn it on, then you can get an extra some tokens.  for main chain in the world. The hash power wise. And that hash power is approximately 50% of Bitcoin miners are not only securing and validating the Bitcoin chain, but they're also doing yours as well. Yeah. When we step in into your office, we just checked that was a 52%. 52%. Wow. I didn't know that it's very big number actually. It is a big number. So the reason why we have to maintain is because everyone believe in  And so if we are able to incentivize or kind of go along with those same miners, then we'll be secure and we'll be decentralized as well. And so you're kind of rooting the decentralization and security of your blockchain in with the folks that are mining and validating the Bitcoin. Right. And also we give the Bitcoin miners a higher calling because they are helping us to secure the new internet. Right. So new internet.  So given those IDs and also giving the main chain, so we can encrypt messages. Here to share. Well, okay, so you got the merge mining with Bitcoin, right? That's kind of that foundational layer. Then a second layer on top of that is this idea of a decentralized internet, correct? And internet involves identity and a whole bunch of other things. But the idea is you've got a blockchain, that blockchain is super secure. It is decentralized because you're basically riding along with Bitcoin's blockchain.  controlling, then can we make those central website being decentralized, rooted back inversely to the blockchain, right? They used to have a governing website. Now the it's kind of put it the other way around. The blockchain is what blockchain is the website. So it's not controlled by Apple or Microsoft. Got it. And there's another notion from 92 saying the network  We hope to have billions of users, right? And also for this decentralized computer, we need administrators, right? Let's say we decentralized exchange. Who should be listed? Or when we have a new smart contracts or new governance model algorithm, should we kick that in? So it's more like the first abandonment or second abandonment, you know, those communities, should we  kick that in, right? That's the administrator of this smart web computer, of this work. And who acts as the administrator? Currently, we are going to kick off this election also by the first week, by the end of this year or by the first week of January. There are 12 seats. So anybody is welcome to run. Of course, you have to get the vote from the community, right? And two thirds of the council members  where these decentralized applications and they run around and they say, I've got a decentralized application. And I always joke that Jeff Bezos controls the entire decentralized application market because everyone's building on top of AWS. Correct. So how decentralized can it actually be if you're just building on top of AWS? Basically, in my opinion, a app, first of all, let's go back to the app. 84, when I first came to this country, at that point, Unix  today. Because in consumers minds, whatever runs on Android phone, on iPhone, that's an app. TCP IP is part of the system. But Unix or Linux doesn't really distinguish whether you are a system programmer versus application programmer. Kind of intertwined, mixed. So that's why we see a lot of viruses because application pretend to be the system and taking  If you look at a lot of blockchain projects, they're basically still using the old web, using the old Linux, because they just do the recording of the hash on a smart contract or on a blockchain. But on the other hand, it's also all the lot programming logic is running on the website. If Amazon shuts the website down or some virus attack like a D,  So basically there's failure points, right? There's this idea that the website is a centralized point of failure that if somebody's able to shut down that website you don't have the portal into Correct centralized war and therefore this problem, right? So then in that sense, it's not the dap can still be manipulated can still be shut down Right, even though the smart contracts cannot be shut down but the app the dap can be shut down. Yep, and so then that's the  you run a machine in Amazon cloud, in Alibaba cloud, Microsoft Azure clouds, you're there just for a simple reason, for rewards. And you run a virtual machine, you don't even know what's running in the virtual machine, on the Docker, right? So those are the actually waiting for tasks, waiting for jobs. The job could be hosting a web service of a website. And so then,  because of we really should separate them. And really what this does is it adds this sense of decentralization so that you don't have the same parties controlling the entire stack, kind of the vertical integration of the services. Now you get more of a fragmented approach in this decentralized internet services. Is there any loss of efficiencies or anything like that? Or you feel like everything still kind of works how it's supposed to work? It should work out as supposed to work.  or 30 frames per second, and 60 frames giving you a very smooth feeling. But after 50 frames, you don't really feel anymore, but the computers evolve. So then given the current state of art hardware, the virtual machine layer, loss of performance, let's say 10%, 20%, it's acceptable. And also the other side to put it is if the websites without a fixed IPI  what cloud or hardware I'm using on the server side. There's a lot of different levels of complexity and kind of nuance here. How are people learning about this? Because it feels like most engineers grew up in a world where everything was centralized, that's how they were taught. Where do you see that education happening and how are people kind of learning about building in this new decentralized world? Well, a lot of people, because of, as I said, Unix was from like early 80s.  operating system, they're intertwined. So if you look at today, all the internet gaming, all those applications who deal with internet, they have to, application programmers have to deal with internet themselves. To open up a socket and to send network packets, and also if a consumer lost their password, you know, they blame on the users, right? Saying, okay, why don't you pick, select a stronger password?  productions or internet timing issues, those ones are handled by the system. And so as you think through this, what's the end goal? Like, okay, everything that you're saying ends up getting built, it works. Where do we end up? What does that final stage look like? I'll sum it up in two ways, okay? Technically speaking, now, because  We're not really bragging because if you look at the windows windows 10 no more windows 11 That's according to Microsoft No more windows 11 meanings windows 10 forever when we do name when I name it the last OS in 2002 we kind of anticipated no more new operating systems because this is an operating system for the network How can I force the the peripherals? Let's say the TV screen in your room  of a machine, right? Of the network. You upgrade machine, but you don't upgrade the whole network. So that's why when we design a network OS, it has to be the network of forever, right? That's technically for the consumers. When we finally could have this kind of trading peer to peer, token for goods, and that's a new economy.  private ownership or capitalism for the first time on the internet. That's huge. For sure. How does identity play into this? Right. You, you, you've mentioned a couple of times, just like decentralized web, uh, and identity. Where does that play in? Well, decentralized app, because on this new internet, we need to have some sort of identity. Cause I know when I am chatting who I'm chatting with.  In some cases you want to anonymous sometimes you want to be real name So then a ID meaning just a cryptic hash right 256 in in length the digit then Given that you have multiple Profiles, okay, and then so you want to sign in with your real name Profile or you want to sell sign in with your your alias or you want to then it's up to you but never  Facebook company to use your credentials only when you've said use my credentials for websites that you've said it but at any point they could go in to log into the other apps which use a Facebook login correct and but for the DID just given the number given your