 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off the Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  Felt out about 50 pages of an application Meld it to the Nashville field office for the secret service and what the interview process took about a year after polygraphs and all that fun stuff and then training and that's how I got started on the uniform division side eventually transferred as an agent out to San Francisco and That's how I got into crypto was on their electronic crimes task force squad got it And so let's talk a little bit about the secret service in general because I think most people think it's you know dudes in suits and ties protecting the president which obviously  They're really good at credit card markets type stuff on the dark web. But yeah, most people think suits, earpiece, and sunglasses, and that's just part of it. That's the sexy Hollywood version. Right, right. All right, so as you're doing that, you get out of San Francisco, you're on this electronic task force, is that what you said it's called? Yes, electronic comms task force, they're all over the United States, and the mission of that is basically to network with fintech partners,  So more pain more pain so 20 2014 went back and started on the counter first counterfeit squad and then switched electronic crimes and you know What's interesting when I started researching dark web and cyber stuff? I started coming across this thing called Bitcoin had no idea what it was and then started researching it Listening to all the you know the crypto G Podcast and blogs and seeing what they had to say and then started trying to figure out a way where I could use Bitcoin in my investigation  up, right? You know, what is this thing? How are they using it? It's not like they're using regular bank accounts. So I've got to figure out how to kind of do my work and investigate on this side. Or the second is that they're actually using it as a carrot, right? And they basically are putting it into the system, sending it to somebody and then understand that person's unsophisticated and that they're going to be super trackable as I send Bitcoin around the world. At the Secret Service, was it more you guys getting pulled in because you were seeing criminals use it or was it more of, hey, let's actually start to use this in  A couple years ago, Liberty Reserve was a big thing and then you have eMoney type things and Russia and other places, but Bitcoin is king, it's most liquid. Privacy coins are out there, but at the end of the day, if you want to be a user on the dark web, Bitcoin is the way you need to transact. And so that's how we got into it, was so we could be more effective in our crimes and come into the 21st century just because that's what you got to do to be really good on the dark web, is to be able to integrate that technology.  Basically, that's illegal. You can get on the dark web and that's that's through the same browser. And so we would target specific crimes that were within the secret service scope. And then we would go after those those people wherever they were at, as long as we had some type of connection in the United States. Got it. And the thought process on the dark web is simply it is a less trackable or traceable use of the Internet. And it becomes harder for law enforcement to find the IP addresses and locations and names of the people  Wallet consolidation different clusters where they're going in and out of and with crypto You really only need to make one mistake and then it makes it a lot easier for law enforcement to track it Got it. Because really it is terrific of most law enforcement agencies They're using money trail as a key component to the investigation, right? It's just follow the money and and that usually leads you to to a lot of details that are important for the investigation Yes, exactly right if you think of old-school investigations like money laundering and stuff and it seems  and  You know small percent for crying. Yeah, I think the the numbers it was like the UK office of drug enforcement or something Did a study and it was like two trillion dollars a year's laundered through through dollars, which is a it's pretty crazy number, right? Could you imagine that going through Bitcoin two trillion right now? Because what really crypto in general, let's call it 250 billion dollar market caps or you're talking about, you know one-tenth give or take of all of the laundered money in the fiat system is the entire market cap of crypto not even Bitcoin just all crypto. Yeah, that's crazy. It's pretty nuts  came in contact with an individual that agreed to work for us full time in San Francisco. And so that person spoke some critical languages and showed us the importance of crypto on the dark web and being able to target these actors. And so had a really good boss there that was very pro. What can we do to make the team better? He's very innovative. And so that helped us out as far as, you know, we wrote a proposal, told we wanted to do, got approval. And then from there, just, it went nuts. I mean, my entire, I guess four years in San Francisco, it was just nonstop.  Yes, so individual was very smart, very talented, and you know, wanted to do the right thing and helped us on a lot of good cases. And you know, I feel like when I work with this individual, it's like I got a master's in crypto because he taught me everything he knew from his previous life. And you know, that helped us do investigations and catch a lot of really bad people. And how much of the things that you were seeing, what can we put in the category of like scams, fraud, things that are  the big buzz words, transnational organized crime groups. And those were groups of individuals that operated almost like a business. So their infrastructure would be, you have a company, they have one guy that does, maybe builds a website, you have another guy that handles the cash outs, you have another guy that's a Western Union mule, you have another guy that recruits people on the dark web to do text messaging or whatever it might be. And so they're usually very well-oiled companies on, but are they're criminal organizations.  So you may have a guy overseas in certain countries that are known for cyber activity Recruiting people in the US to take over accounts to cash out the activity or to open up an account in their own name and try to move money through it And so you'll see these criminals just open up accounts like crazy Really? Yeah, it's it's pretty it's pretty well and so the thought process is if If these bad guys come to me and say hey go open up a Bank of America account We're gonna send you some money cash it out into physical cash  I think that I would call that the old school financial network and those same crime groups have shifted to those same tactics but in cryptocurrency. So you're seeing verified accounts now being for sale, people selling their KYC on Craigslist and criminals are using it. And so it's been interesting seeing the exchanges shift their tactics on security and KYC over the last few years to where they're getting really good at catching a lot of this fraud. Yeah. That's crazy that somebody goes gets a KYC and AML account and then turns around and says,  But when we started looking at some of the data and serving legal process, we started seeing the same individuals but photoshopping their faces. So you see the same guy on his button down shirt or a hoodie and then you'd see a different face on it at seven different exchanges. And this was before they were using very technical data methods to analyze your face and do the spinning stuff. And so it was wild and that was in 2017. And so I think the attackers are generally one step ahead always. So what they're doing now is probably something we'll figure out.  it's projected, but it's really there to defeat the facial recognition software that the cameras, et cetera have. Obviously it wouldn't work if you're on Skype, et cetera. But it's funny how this technology is coming. Right? It really is. And so as you're doing these investigations, like one of the things that's really interesting to me is like, it's almost like a cyber war, right? Because the criminals are doing their stuff. You guys are sitting in San Francisco, you guys are doing your stuff and you're trying to play a cat and mouse game online.  you're doing some type of UC or up where you're trying to get to know the person. But nowadays you really can do everything online. So you can buy stolen credit cards from them. You can buy stolen Bitcoin from them. So, and if you think about your, your guests, you had a while back from the DEA and those guys are doing a lot of really cool in-person type things that, you know, I would never do on the cyber side because it's a different type of, a different type of crime. I can do it from my desk. I can be a keyboard warrior, so to speak, and, and track these guys down. And so basically your goal,  and we may not even tell the government until we know somebody's traveling. So a lot of different factors go into play because on the cyber world, typically the investigations are sensitive and they can be connected to organized crime that you just don't want to mess around with and notify you're looking at. Yeah, to me it feels like I'm personally fascinated with this idea that criminals continue to use new technology to try to stay ahead of law enforcement and then it gets matured  But at the same time, the scams get better, right? It's no longer just like, hey, here's a phishing website. Now it's something that's kind of more sophisticated. Do you see with the sophistication level of them going to what I'll call more sophisticated cryptocurrencies from a privacy standpoint, so Monero, Zcash, et cetera? Or is they still stuck on where the liquidity is, either stablecoins or Bitcoin or something like that? Yeah, that's a good question. So I mean, there are some markets where you can still use the cryptocurrency.  You felt like you guys were basically tripping over scams, etc. Like how do you determine? Where do we focus our time and effort? Is it just what's the biggest scam or is there some other kind of methodology? Yeah, so that was a challenge that we would get up we'd have a tough time with because at the federal level you typically need some type of Large loss to be able to take the case or it has to be a pretty significant crime For low state and local sometimes is different But we we tried to take cases federal as much as we could but when 2017  address, send all your money here. And then of course, you know, the FUD happened. Nobody wanted to double check the address. And so attackers are making out with millions of dollars by just inserting the wrong address because maybe they didn't take the right steps on securing their emails or their Slack channels or whatever it may be. And so criminals were really exploiting that in 2017. That's crazy, right? The idea that basically they are impersonating the either CEO or the project and then sending out addresses and people are just sending money, right? Bear asset.  fast forward to now, companies are doing a lot better in protecting their infrastructure and taking second steps to secure their companies.  do crypto recovery, risk type consulting, and then I ran into my co-founder who's now Jason Fisher. And we talked about down the road, I like to build an app and some software. And then, you know, we decided to build a, an app that anybody can use to attract crypto and determine if it's bad or if it's associated with the scam. And so we've taken the enterprise grade tech approach to where we're using machine learning, criminal pattern behavior. We're looking at addresses that we know are bad and we're combining that and giving a score for any user that puts in an ad  And it really seems to me like taking the publicly available information and using technology to better one locate it to kind of massage that data and then present it so that it's more human readable in some degree, right? Yeah, yeah, that's exactly right. So we're trying to create as much efficiency as we can inside the app because it is an app. Nobody wants to do all the research on an app, right? So we're taking the most common use websites where people use the scams, we're plugging it so an individual hits scan. We're real time searching those websites trying to see if there are results.  There's this button that says like scan the dark web, right? And what's happening on the back end is when I press that button, you're taking that wallet address and you're scanning, I'm assuming hundreds if not thousands of websites and various locations for has this wallet address been presented anywhere. So it could be on Twitter, it could be on the dark web, et cetera. And really, again, it sounds like you're just trying to present as much information as possible so people can make an evaluation as to should I send money here or should I do business with whoever owns this wallet or not? Yeah, that's right. We just went in visually.  We added the receive notifications and I thought from a business perspective if you if you have an account where you're constantly getting Donations or you run a store you don't you don't need to constantly check your account You can set up a notification through the app and when it goes in or out you're gonna get a notification Mm-hmm and is the thought process here that individuals eventually kind of get educated and trained on the fact that You know check before you send or does this eventually get kind of incorporated into the exchanges and kind of wallets  year, but our focus right now is on the users because there's no one right there, no one right now that has anything out there that's consolidating data to help them make a good decision. Yeah. And it feels like to me, as you see the kind of digitization of whether it's national currencies or the kind of proliferation of like these stablecoins, et cetera, this, all this technology becomes much more important. Right. And I always go back to this idea of Bitcoin can be private if you know what you're doing.  just don't think about that right now. How do you see that playing out in terms of the government's looking and saying, hey, there is nefarious activity happening with Bitcoin or Monero or whatever. We want to digitize our currency. Does that play in at all? Or what do you think they're thinking there? Yeah, I think it's interesting because I think before Libra had to testify, David Marcus from Facebook, the conversation was there, but it was not on a more national level.  say, okay, what's the deal with this? Is it bad? Do criminals use it? The answer to that is going to be, yeah, criminals use it, but it's a small percentage. It actually has great technology behind it, and the underlying protocols could really make things more efficient. So I think the digitized dollar is a really fascinating thing, and it could be a really timely thing. And I think if you take a step back from a geopolitical perspective, right after the Libra thing, you see China say, hey, we're pro-blockchain. We want to be innovative. We're going to create all these  the  for the everyday person. Also, law enforcement has to stay on top of this, right? Regulars have to stay on top of this, et cetera. So it's not just a do we do it or do we not, it's do we do it and then what's the impact of all this? Right. Right. As you're thinking through kind of the regulatory technology that gets built and side chain, et cetera, where are the areas in that that you think people are not yet building but are going to become important over the next couple of years? Well, I think if you look at some of the, I guess, the movements in the crypto space since Bitcoin's come  systems obviously. So I think we're going to see this decentralized finance movement really move the industry another step forward. And so I think a lot of good things are to come and we're still early I think in Bitcoin and the technology. For sure. And speaking of technology, I want to throw a couple of things out at you and get clarification having you set in that kind of law enforcement seat. So the first thing I hear is the privacy coins are trackable, right? So the Zcash, Monero, etc.  very interesting project. They're so decentralized that even when they had a, I think some malware inserted in their website, they said, well we can't fix it, we're decentralized, we're gonna get to it. And I was really shocked to hear that, but they're very decentralized, so on the same side, I wasn't. So they're very true to their thought on that. But the whole privacy of coins are gonna be very interesting because from a Bitcoin perspective, if we look at and say, okay, if we see some type of adoption down the road where it's probably gonna be a while in the United States,  have the Fourth Amendment and these things that the government shouldn't just be able to look at everything, they should have to have a reason to do so.  when you're doing investigations, et cetera, the privacy of financial transactions is still important to you, right? Like you still think it's like this core tenant of like, it should be the default. And I think that for those people who have never talked to somebody who's had your experiences or kind of worked in those organizations, they're like, oh, those guys don't care about privacy. It's like, no, actually it's the opposite, right? They usually care really, really deeply about privacy as a default because they've seen kind of the other side of the coin, if you will. Yeah, you're exactly right. And I think 10 years ago, when we  where we're looking at countries that have authoritarian type regimes that they need these type of technologies so they can evade some pretty ridiculous things. So I think we're in a very interesting challenge to see how we're gonna respond and privacy is definitely a paramount of what we were founded upon. You think back several hundred years ago and what we were founded upon and things that we're supposed to be living by. So I've got faith that we're gonna do the right thing in the long run and that it's just gonna take  because I've seen the tax cuts on how they mix funds on the dark web change as law enforcement changes their technology and catch up. So, mixers, I'm very pro at technology that's private. You shouldn't have to do all these extra steps. And so I think for me, having to use a mixer to try to hide my transactions is just too much effort. And there's a lot of risk. But it's important if you're wanting to hide your transactions, I get that for privacy. But from a criminal perspective, mixers are only gonna continue to improve  at the Boston bombings, pendulum swift again. And so I think we constantly have that in the US, but right now, the focus on privacy is just at a point where there's a lot of people, rightfully so, in the crypto space that are very nervous. Yeah. Well, and part of this, I think, is I don't think a lot of people disagree on what the intended end result of all this is, right? So we want to prevent terrorist attacks. We want to prevent criminal activity.  Edward Snowden's book, permanent record. And it was fascinating to hear how some of the systems work, how he thought about building the systems and then flipping around on the other side and basically being so anti them that he ends up with a blowing, et cetera. And the thing I took away from all of it is humans are interacting with technology that they don't understand. And therefore they don't even understand the data. Right. And the violations of the privacy because they don't realize  better target ads, blah, blah, whatever. The part to me that feels like it won't change is at some point there's that trade off between privacy and convenience, right? And like that is a very blurred line that I think most people will pick convenience over the privacy because they don't understand the privacy. And having sat in your seat, it'd be interesting to hear your thoughts on like how should people think about that, right? And maybe there's even things that you do that kind of  So often in a lot of these data breaches, the password. Bitcoin 4 is with the number 4 right now spout out. Yeah, yeah. So if that's... Joe, change your passwords, man. Yeah, so, you know, I think if we look at the password perspective, that's something you've always got to do. When you connect to public Wi-Fi, I say don't. Hot spot from your phone if you can, or if you're going to use public Wi-Fi, always use a VPN. Always use a VPN. So what goes on there when you connect to the public Wi-Fi? What are some of the big concerns? Yeah, so you never know if the Wi-Fi you're  my credit card on public Wi-Fi, right? So I'm not gonna buy something online, but that's only one piece of it, right? It's basically if you logged into your email, they see your password, right? Or get your username or credentials to a service or that type of stuff that it's worried about. Or is there even more kind of nuanced pieces of information that these people are looking for other than just username, passwords and different service credentials? Yeah, I think username and passwords are probably the biggest ones out there, you know, because typically if you catch one password,  stuck, that's not good. So you've got to think about these challenges and build a, I guess a balanced risk approach. You'll love this. So I recently got a phone switched out and I couldn't remember the password to my email, right? And it was logged in on one device and that one device, I was literally waking up every morning like, God, please don't get me locked. I can't get in. And I eventually remembered what the password was. But as I went through it, it, I spent a whole  And I think that again people they want the convenience Yeah, they do the security and privacy ends up being really important especially in crypto. Oh, yeah, definitely Well, did you guys deal with sim swapping at all? Do you guys see that a lot? Yeah, so, you know a lot of the I guess in Silicon Valley area you have a lot of big-time CEOs that are very interested in crypto and so We would see these bad actors that would just target these individuals relentlessly and they would sim swap their phones  I had a conversation last week with a carrier and I said, hey, I want to make my phone as secure as possible. What can I do? Well, you can build in a long password. You can have a question that has a different answer. I said, okay, now what happens if someone goes in the store at the fake ID? Well, they have to still get your questions answered right. And I said, well, what happens if the employee just gives them my answers? Well, I guess your system is defeated. So what am I supposed to do at that point?