 What's up, everyone? This is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  Before we talk about crypto, though, we both worked at Facebook and the Facebook ecosystem or family. Let's talk about that. What got you to Instagram? I think it's where you started, right? That's right. Yeah. So I came out of the Wharton School, went to Instagram, worked at Instagram for really a magical moment. There's no substitute for luck. I was there at $70 million in revenue and I left at a billion in revenue. And they gave me the easy projects, which turned out to be the big projects that we just knew would work.  get test checks from these giant advertisers for a year just to make sure that the money didn't evaporate. What is a test check? A test check. Yeah. A test check for depending on the size of the advertisers could be a million bucks or 20 million bucks of ad spend, but not a real allocation of their budget. Um, because again, it's, it's, it's these, these ads in an app, uh, on the phone. And this is, I'm supposed to take some of my TV budget and put in an app. I mean, my, my, my, my son, my daughter uses this, but I, you know, I just, I don't have an account. I don't have an account. Yeah, exactly. That's everything.  So it was there, it was a product manager working with, as you were, with engineers, data scientists, engineers, designers, et cetera. What was your biggest takeaway from working there? Well, one of them is there's no substitute for just a giant change in the world, right? You know, when you see something like Instagram and you see the numbers doing what they're doing and you see the conversion numbers on ads and the CPCs, you know, it takes a little while for the emotional realities  how to professionally work with a team and hit metrics and you know, just some of the bread and butter like that. It's the one thing that they're really good at that I don't think people can appreciate because it's like, oh, Facebook was successful. Of course it was going to be successful. Right. Or I saw recently like Bellagio and a bunch of folks were debating on Twitter, the Instagram acquisition. Right. People were like, oh, what are you talking about? Like how that was a contrarian view. And he was like, uh, I don't know. Newsflash. That was a pretty, pretty  We can test things like we're just gonna figure it out and that I don't think is very common in a lot of companies Yes, but these large technology companies like that is a common theme throughout them. Yeah, well said All right, so you're there you're working with we're both bias. So like we're just gonna own the bias the smartest people in the world And these massive user bases like that I always try to explain to people like when you go to work every day and you're like wow there's a  You know, so after Instagram, I worked at Facebook Facebook 2.5 at the time it was one or one and a half billion users. Most of your users are not Americans. So when I was there, 87% were not in America. Yeah. I think today it's something like 200 million of the 2.5 billion are Americans. So so it forces you, you know, in academic institutions, when you when you read the news, you know that there are different types of people, different societies, different legal jurisdictions.  that you create this standard layer across all of that cacophony. And I'll even take it a step further. It's more of like a 3D view of the world. And what I mean by that is like, a lot of people think, oh, okay, great, you've got to come up with the latest ad product or something, right? And maybe there's some language component or some cultural component that you've got to be cognizant of. But also, one of the things that I took away was, I forget what they called it, you'll probably remember, but there was a place at the Facebook  one of the big things that we had so I was running the growth team for Facebook pages and we had this huge upshot in usage but it all came from mobile web in less developed countries. So it was basically they go to not an application, not on their desktop but on their phone to Facebook.com and we had figured out that they were all using phones kind of like the T9s so rather you know where you have to click a bunch and so they would try to scroll over and to get to pages  impact, then the difference between using MetaMask and not using MetaMask. Pretty big. Pretty big. So yeah, I think that that's definitely a present part of the friction in the crypto space and friction is very real. For sure. All right. First time you came across crypto Bitcoin blockchain. Yeah. So my journey into crypto, we actually had the opportunity myself, my business partner, co-founder and starting Bitwise, a guy named Hong Kim did software security in the Korean military, worked  Can we can we talk about the the angel investor mafia that's going on there these so for those that don't know there's Each technology company in general so over generalization, but they all have a group of folks who have a bent towards angel investing towards early stage technology and They are notorious for finding usually younger talent at the company that they don't think is gonna stay and be a lifer and either one saying here's some money go figure something out or  And then we were working out of a living room, putting our heads together and prototyping different concepts. And if you're two software people in San Francisco at the beginning of 2017, before too long, someone says, hey, do you remember that Bitcoin thing? And I was like, gosh, I think I bought some on some website at some point. And of course that website was Coinbase.com. I don't know if you've heard of it. I'll look it up. It's like Gemini. But I bought some at some point in 2013.  seriously and for a more concerted amount of time. And that was what it was for us in February or April or March, that timeframe we started arbitrage trading and that gave us the opportunity to learn about different protocols, meet some people who are building blockchains, deal with the ecosystem of trying to buy different assets. If you remember at that time I think Coinbase was only brokering Bitcoin and Ethereum I think. And also to think about why would we really  Thinking that this this could be one of those trains that's hard to slow down and could be one of the most important You know breakthroughs or pieces of progress in technology over the next decade with the next two decades And we just felt like we'd love to contribute something to this We'd love to be part of this this feels like the type of thing that's going to get a chapter in the history textbook There are other things that we you know we worked on Insurance for cybersecurity incidents, which is a growing industry  Even if you mess a lot of stuff up if you bet on the right market at the right time, you're gonna be good hands. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Annie Radcliffe the the founder of benchmark capital and CEO of Wealthfront has a great quote that goes something like Bad team good market market wins good team bad market market wins So so yeah, I do think there's something to that. So to close the loop You know, so there we are feeling like how this is really exciting thing playing out right in front of us  And we heard this enough time from people like that. Again, this is not like your uncle who, and I don't know your uncle, so I hope your uncle doesn't take offense. He might fit the bill here. But these are people you would expect to be on the sort of upper tiers of ability to figure out. Yeah, they're folks who are normally in technology who understand user experiences. They can deal with some friction. Yeah. And the common thing was, I'd like to participate. I just am not going to spend, if I looked at it, it's too complicated. And so we said, wow, that's, you know, we're hearing this.  You could hold it on a ledger or a treasure. You could do research on on chain effects. So you had an emerging ecosystem for the person who was excited to spend the time. On the other end of the spectrum, for very wealthy families, some of them knew a guy who was just spinning up a hedge fund. Like one of their friends just decided to go ahead and spin up a fund. But in between, you had most of the rest of the people who were like, I'm interested enough to consider something. I'm not interested enough to  And the way I think about it is it's an access component. I've got to do some education. I've got to learn in terms of how do I think about this in my portfolio? Why would I get exposure? How do I size it? All that kind of stuff. But then once I've made that decision, that's where all the questions come in. And this is something that looks like, smells like, acts like exactly how I get exposure to other assets and therefore I'm comfortable because I'm already taking, quote unquote, risk by going into something new.  empower people to lean on the same financial professionals that they use to manage investment grade bonds, emerging markets, commodities, natural resources, high yield debt, et cetera, and to be able to go to them and say, yeah, I think that I want to do something here. And they say, okay, no problem. Yeah. So, um, I want to get into kind of like the argument for crypto in so much portfolio, but before I do that, um, give us an update, just any metrics or kind of milestones you can share from, uh, wise itself to give us a sense of kind of where you guys are. Yeah, absolutely.  phone calls, etc. We never disclose, or historically we haven't disclosed the assets in the fund, but I can tell you that we've had inflows every week for the last two years. And- PS for those listening at home, that's good. Yeah. I can tell you that additional subscriptions are well in excess of redemptions. I think that we've seen in the life of the fund something like 7% of investors redeemed from 2017 to today. And to our knowledge, it's the largest  And asset allocation, for us, we today have brought on a number of veterans of the ETF space. Matt Hagen, our head of research, 15 years, is one of the foremost experts on ETFs. Co-authored the CFA exams book on ETFs. Tavis Har, our COO, was former senior vice president, had a portfolio of management at New York Life Investments, which is a giant conservative shop before that at InXIQ, which did liquid alternatives before that direction.  and deciding how they want to play it. And also some people don't end up playing it through our vehicles. Some people talk to us to build that understanding and end up investing through venture vehicles, which is, I would say, one of the very popular approaches today. So that's a little about the firm and, yeah, focused on advisors, have those market access vehicles, spend a huge amount of time on education. Matt actually jokes that we're an education company that happens to have index funds, and then the other thing,  the education that's happening, kind of in those like, I think of this kind of like intellectual hand-to-hand combat, where you're walking into a room, whether it's a meeting with like an RIA and a team, or it could be walking into like a lunch or a dinner with their clients, et cetera. What does that look like? Yeah. So let, so let me, I want to tell you the, the sort of the three things that are motivating advisors to come into the space. And it might be fun to talk about some of the common questions that we get. I know that you get,  about the space, I just want to describe who they are. So if you sort of draw out the landscape of cohorts that are investing in crypto today, I think by and large you can map them into four buckets. The first is self-directed individual accounts. So these are people who are investing their own money, making their own decisions. They might have bought LIF's IPO through their Robinhood account because they like Lyft and they heard good things. They trust themselves with their money, their nimble. These are the first movers into crypto. Some people call them retail. But it's also  such a giant and and Morgan Creek Digital is famous for for having the first partnership with with a pension that had the courage to you know publicly undertake adding this to the portfolio that audience tends to prefer active managers is happy to take the illiquidity in many cases and today they work with a lot of venture managers like Morgan Creek Digital like in Dreeson like Paradigm Electric etc.  theme, what might be on their mind, what else this might be trading off against, and what solutions they're looking for. So we have a self-directed guy, you know, first into crypto. We have the institutional asset owner, which we talked about. And you're going to have sovereign wealth funds and insurance companies and hospital systems, et cetera, to that. In between, the financial advisor manages $22 trillion in the U.S. on behalf of individuals, wealthy families, and high net worth individuals. And that can be anything from a  on your money, which is, I think for everyone, three priorities are their family, their health, their money. And so many people choose to work with a professional on their money, and that's the financial advisor. And the financial advisor's helping you think about what are your cash needs this year? Do you have retirement goals? Is somebody going to college? You're gonna have to support aging parents. And then they're orienting the investments you make around those liquidity time horizons, et cetera. And so that is just the frame that I wanna set for describing  to handle it for them. I think it's a beautiful thing that individuals like ourselves have the enthusiasm to create accounts, to make investment decisions on our own, to interpret the volatility. But I do think that that enthusiasm has a half-life. And we even see this sometimes, people who invest in some money in 16, 17, 18, getting a little worn out and exhausted, something else in life becomes busy, and then they ask their advisor to handle it for them, the same way the advisor, again,  return on equities this year and your client is confused. So that's all swirling in the backdrop and it's a very busy time for the advisor. And then we come along and say, we'd love to be helpful and talk to you about crypto if that's something that you're interested in. So that's where they're starting. There's a huge set up to your initial question, which is what is the case for them? There's three reasons that advisors think about crypto today. The first is  think about but the first reason that advisors are thinking about crypto is because their clients are doing it and they're there to help their clients. Their clients are pulling them into it. They're pulling them into it. And also what can sometimes happen is the client gets in trouble like they get simported or they get locked out. They forget their password or they get busy and they say to the advisor, can you deal with it for me? Or they have to pay taxes and they say to the advisor, can you pay taxes? And then the advisor says, oh my gosh, what is this? When did you buy it? What was the cost basis? How did you decide this? Do you want to keep it? Do you not want to keep it? You know, all these things.  the Coinbase app to the advisor. And then the advisors in the Coinbase app trying to get the withdrawal limits pushed up so you can wire 10 million. So this sort of like news flash for those that don't have 10 million dollars in trying to get into Coinbase, Coinbase will not let you put 10 million dollars in the app. That'll be difficult. Or just one other case, another client who she had $400,000 in Bitcoin and she did get imported. So her phone got hacked and she lost control of her Coinbase app.  And so they're like, I just don't know which of these things. So they want to help. They want to be sustainable. They want to be secure. And they're dealing with a lot of complexity. It's not their expertise. And they don't have time because they're also dealing with the equities and figuring out fixed income and figuring out 2020. First reason. Second reason is what I think you read about. It's more theoretical, more academic, which is just objectively what it can do in a portfolio. You do a portfolio analysis. It does very compelling things.  People are surprised by that. And so I think some people look at that and say, wait a minute, this can help me accomplish my goals. I'm sure that this is what's going through the pension's mind. It's not that they picked a team, they're not rooting for something. They're saying, we have a funding goal. We have something we're trying to accomplish with this portfolio. And I'm looking at the math. And what I'm seeing here is that I can take minimal risk. I can even diversify some of the portfolio. And I have a reason to believe that there's upside here. So the second reason is that I'll append to that  that hasn't always been the case. That wasn't always the case in the 20th century. That was mostly the case in the last 30 years of the 20th century. They predicted over the next 10 years, a 60-40 portfolio will return 2.8%. That contrasts with historically, the historical average of the last 100 years is 8%. So what they're saying is this time it's different. Something has changed. We could discuss what might have changed, asset prices, the injection of capital through quantitative easing and other measures.  Remember, 6,000 words on LinkedIn. God bless him for publishing on LinkedIn, especially given how difficult it is traditionally to get Bridgewater research. He says something in the effect of you can't rely on cash and bonds as a safe store of value for your money. So the advisor is thinking about all these things. And what a lot of them are seeking to do in response is you can't hide in cash for a few reasons. You just heard the case that you can't  despite all of these credible sources telling me that that is not a legitimate strategy for what's coming. But what are my options? You look at alternatives and in that consideration set, crypto is this magical thing. You don't have to reallocate your entire U.S. equities portfolio. You don't have to, you know, diligent specific venture firms. You can simply take a 1% exposure. Get off zero, as some people say.  The client has done more action and the advisors done more thinking. Okay, interesting So, you know the client the client heard that XRP is the next big thing or that a theorem is the next big thing this of course I'm generalizing So this is not always the case of very sophisticated individuals directing their own portfolios and accounts But I think you know the advisors have approached this from a position of oh, whoa, whoa, you know different counterparties It's it's moving You know a lot in short periods of time and do you find that the advisors are?  that they know are like are the ones that are investing in crypto who have the right risk appetite and From there, it's it's like it's like 25 to one and a half basis points there are a few who are very either the client is very passionate about it, but We don't see I think you know One to two and a half. We don't see much outside of that The third thing I want to mention so advises for I have a million things to say about advises pump  If I go into alternatives, this is a pretty, you know, uncharted territory and I'm gonna have to deploy into things that maybe aren't liquid and you know small sizes I can do interesting portfolios. And so that's the second thing. The third thing for advisors is advisors care about attracting new clients by demonstrating particularly for the independent advisors things that they can do that the old guard can't so if you're an independent You're trying to win clients from UBS, you know  more progressive in what they could offer and not have to conform to JP Morgan wants you to distribute JP Morgan funds to JP Morgan advisory clients. And so the third is business considerations. They want to win clients. The other aspect of that is they want to retain the next generation of their aging clients. And the next generation is a millennial. And the millennial is almost more bullish on crypto than they are on T-bills. I see two groups that are pulling those advisors in. The first is I'm a young, I'll put an air quote,  Grandfather died so he's no longer around he you know he would buy Bitcoin if he was here right that type of stuff And it feels like the common thread through both those is it these clients are usually on the younger side Yes, more so than the 60 year old client who's you know retired and You know quite wealthy, but they're still pretty much asking a lot of questions. We'll get into them jumping in as much as maybe the younger people I think in general yeah at this point. You know what well well well well trodden  Here's the kind of the case for this. Ask me your questions. Right. The first one is security and custody. So I heard that somebody stole somebody else's Bitcoin. Why would I buy Bitcoin or other crypto if it can get stolen from me? Right. How do you think about that? Yeah. So I mean, so this comes up quite a bit. And oftentimes people will point to a story like Quadra. Literally today in one of our sessions, Quadra CX was brought up this some Canadian exchange getting hacked or somebody lost their  the landscape of different ways to hold this exposure from the exchanges to the brokerage apps to the venture funds to today the sort of enterprise grade institutional custodians like Fidelity, BitGo. I got to give shout outs to all my favorite custodians now, don't I? They're all in there. They're all in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, there's tons of great custodians. They're all super, you know, super shy.  apps. They're not aware that today you can hold it in an insured regulated custodian and that they'll hold it offline and they won't even put it into a trading environment. And so, so there, you know, I think the point that we make is just that for many clients, it makes sense to work with an industrial custodian like that. A lot of people will argue it's so volatile, right? It, it, it went down a bunch and recently, right? They won't exactly know the price  space. The analogy we like to give is people often compare Bitcoin to gold. We wrote about this over the summer. I think the apt comparison is Bitcoin to gold, but not gold of today, but gold of the 1970s. When the Bretton Woods system ended and the US came off, the US dollar came off of gold as a backing for international redemptions. It was unclear to the investment community if gold would stick around. Keynes called it a barbarious relic. Maybe it was time that we would shed this piece of  1500% after the 70s Those discussions as arguments were had the volatility played out, you know people you know Expressed two points of views in the market created the volatility and we landed on the understanding of gold that we have today And sensing gold returns on average, you know something between 1 and 2 percent a year So the volatility in crypto I think is is similar. It's it's that people are working through. What is this thing? What is the value of this thing? Is it here to stay and that's causing?  And as a result of that as mentioned before 1% allocation rebounds quarterly of the bitwise 10 reduced the volatility despite The volatility of crypto reduced the volatility of the book. So this is a really important point. Yes, I think a lot of people who aren't Well-versed in finance or just haven't spent the time to kind of learn about this Modern portfolio theory there's a really big importance on non correlation and on if you put a lot of assets into a basket that have the non correlation on  the world leaders are tweeting at each other, all this crazy stuff, right? There's a lot of political and geo uncertainty. The Bitcoin correlation to stocks and gold went negative. So it went negative 0.9 to the S&P, negative 0.8 to gold, and it was up 55%. And so it was this weird situation where we talk about non-correlation, but it actually went the opposite, right? It went to the negative correlation. And so when you see those moments, it goes back to the idea