 Bang bang I am here with a keen Sawyer. We'll get into the name in a second Super excited to have you so thanks so much for for coming to do this. Yeah. Thanks for having me All right, we're gonna start off real hot. We got to talk about your name a keen Sawyer We're just talking about it. You gave a gave a good laugh Sawyer spell with two hours. Yep  Yeah, yeah, I have my social security number like it should be fine and so Sawyer is a common last name in West Africa or yeah, so I think so I think it comes from like basically from safe slave tree I think there was probably like a group of Sawyer's that came back To Liberia to Freetown. Okay? Um, but a number of them decided to sort of basically trace their roots back to where they thought they were from So you have Sawyer's all through West Africa from Liberia to Ghana to Nigeria where I grew up  Maybe maybe that maybe that's worth it. I love it. All right, so let's go back to you grew up in Nigeria Yes, I did so I was born in Massachusetts actually Okay, but a few months after I was born my parents moved back to Nigeria my parents were here for college and grad school and Decided to move back afterwards and where in Nigeria did you grow up? So I grew up in Lagos. So Lagos is the I think it's probably the largest city in Africa now population wise Yeah, but it used to be the political capital as well of Nigeria, but that was moved  in Lagos near Computer Village. Okay, wow. And so we stayed in a hotel and when we pulled up they had the guards outside with the AKs and the first night I was like, hey man, why are there guards outside with AKs? And it was one of these things where when you were looking at them you were like, yeah I get that they got AKs but if someone starts shooting, I'll think those guys are gonna stick around. And so it was a really cool experience though because we would walk to Computer Village and for those that don't know, Computer Village is basically  10 years or so before I had went and visited, they had gone from very little access to now it was highly connected, there was great inner infrastructure, they had all the same devices, they had all the smart phones, all this kind of stuff, and there's a lot of people and it's growing incredibly fast. And I don't think that a lot of people here in North America understand the demographic dynamics that are at play, especially in Nigeria but in other African countries as well. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I think the African continent is part of the  Africa is the next frontier. It's the next big market and you're seeing people beginning to vote with their money, right with investments continue to increase but to go like, you know to fintech and the startup ecosystems across Africa are growing and you have more and more sources of funding just coming in. Yeah, so give us you've got a big focus on African countries and so maybe give us kind of like a lay land Africa is not one country. It's a continent that's made up of a bunch of different countries and obviously when you have those different countries, there's different parts of the  basically is probably the most successful mobile payments deployment, arguably anywhere in the world in terms of just adoption within the country. And so, you know, Kenya is large as well, but East Africa is almost like a block. I think some of it is because of just how close those countries are in terms of, you know, the union they have and with, and so in many ways it's like there's a large ecosystem going out of like, you know, East Africa with Kenya, Kampala, Rwanda now kind of coming up. Nigeria has 200 million  cities that sort of then bring, you know, lots of the region together. For sure. And help me understand, like, where's the education coming from? Right. So when I was there, what it felt like to me was there was a lot of now that there's connectivity, hey, the Internet is this portal to information and to education and access to other people and things like that. Is that true outside of Lagos? To me, kind of what you're saying, like Lagos is almost feels like  which is basically an oil city, but has now sort of begun to evolve into a knowledge city, right? And the thing about tech that's interesting, and particularly like coding and software development, is you have a lot of people who are just smart, who never really had access to higher education, who are self-taught, right? And like you said, with connectivity, it's sort of like an apprenticeship system where you have a really good developer, and he just brings up the next generation, right? So there's a lot of kind of like an apprenticeship type approach  Like you talk about computer village, like a computer village is full of hackers who are basically self-taught technologists, right? They took apart computers, they figured out how to work, they figured out how to put it back together. Right, so there's this culture of just trying to figure things out on your own and just a very strong culture of entrepreneurship. And I think you find that in Nigeria in particular, but it shows up differently in other countries. Some other countries have just better education. So you'd go to Ghana, in my view, and you'd have a lot more university-taught developers, right?  fascinating part of the entire trip to me was we went and watched a couple of in the US what we call soccer but but obviously football games there and Literally how we would watch them is we would basically walk up to what kind of looks like you're walking to somebody's like backyard Yeah, and you pay them a little bit of money, you know, basically like a dollar equivalent here in the US and You literally walk and they've set up benches in front of TVs. There's exposed wires running to one to these TVs and  That's just, hey, people want to watch this game and I've got the ability to give it to them. But I think that spirit spills over in a lot of the tech things you're talking about as well. Yeah, you're right. And I think a lot of it is out of necessity, right? It's like, look, I need to make a living one way or the other. And people look for a way to provide a service in any way they can. Right. So you're right. You have all these pop up bars that show up doing Premier League soccer games on a Saturday or a Sunday. And literally someone's like business where they have one cable, they have a good TV and they  Now, that TV and that cable box is a shared resource for the street or the neighborhood, and it now makes it accessible. I guess we're going to get into crypto, but even the way crypto is proliferated across Africa, a lot of it is actually intermediated out of necessity. You have people that are tech savvy, that have figured out ways to buy and acquire Bitcoin. That Bitcoin can be used to settle global transactions, and they essentially become  A lot of things proliferate across Africa and with crypto. It's not different. Yeah, and I think Part of what's fascinating to me about some of these markets so the African countries for sure India I've heard some similar stories where people also aren't going on to like traditional exchanges to buy Bitcoin They'll literally walk over to a computer village or some other area and they'll hand somebody physical cash and basically get Bitcoin in What's kind of like a black market type trade? Yeah, and I remember when I was there  And 80% of Africa is unbanked or underbanked. Same thing for the economies. They're majority informal. So whenever you see a country that has a banking sector, it's oftentimes a lot smaller than it should be. Banks in Nigeria primarily serve the government by buying government debt. They might serve some large conglomerates that are chummy with the government, but that's really it. There's no active lending market on a retail time.  based on, oh yeah, I know your uncle and I know your brother and they were good for the money so you're gonna be good for it. Because the one thing that a lot of African cultures have is, like the family name is very important. And so oftentimes credit is determined by what family you're from. Because they know for example, well if I lend you money and you sort of get in trouble, your family will bill you out to preserve the family name. And so there are all these kind of social ways in which credit,  savings groups. How do those work? So savings groups, they're all over Africa and they have different names. So in Kenya, they're called SACOs. Now Kenya and East Africans, they're a lot more regulated in that you can get a license to be a SACO in Kenya. And so you're effectively like a bank or a credit union is probably the best corollary. And basically, it typically rolls out of these affinity groups where, for example, you could be a group of cattle farmers. And it's in our best  You might have a market room and a dozen of them all sell oranges, and they say, look, let's get together, form a savings group, and we also can extract pricing power from our wholesalers, because we can now buy in bulk. All these systems are developed through particular groups of people that are in the same industry, basically pooling capital to grow their businesses, but also sharing knowledge. Because the after effect of that is, look, if we're all calorie-errors and we're all invested in each other,  pretty much off the books. And for a lot of people, that is the financial services they access. That's how some people borrow money to send their kids to university abroad. That's how people borrow money to buy a car so I could be an Uber driver, for example. And all those things are informal. And the real opportunity is how do you now take those informal things and systems and digitize them? It's fascinating. One of the frameworks that has  without the legacy systems in place, are they able to kind of accelerate the adoption and development? Or is that maybe just there's some edge cases where people point to and say, yeah, that happened, but that might not be the norm? So I'd say yes or no, depends on the context, right, or the country. I think there are scenarios where, so I'll kind of paint two stories, right? In Kenya, within PESA, you had sort of like certain things that aligned themselves. You had a government who backed  I'm funding I get the return as the investor right and so that ensure that impessive proliferated because you had all these points where you could spend and use it so the distribution channel was incentivized to grow you had Massive coming I had singular market share just about everyone had a safari com phone so many things and then the government really backed it right so a number of things aligned and all of a sudden now you have this core infrastructure which is mobile money that you know became basically larger than cash  MTN is the largest, it's South African. You had Airtel that had some Arab money invested. But for most cases Nigerian banks are primarily wholly owned by Nigerians. So politically the banks had more power and the banks wanted to ensure that no one encroached on the power they had in the financial system. So the way mobile money has not evolved as well in Nigeria is because regulation and banking power has stifled things and up until I think  I have a bank account, but now I have an app that I speak make USSD payments at point of sale, but it's still attached to my bank account. The guy that doesn't have a bank account is not gonna use that product. So the thing that's been happening in Nigeria in particular is a lot of induration has been basically just cannibalizing the same group of customers within the same pie. It's not really growing the pie. And I think the central bank of Nigeria is realizing one way or the other that that model is not getting the results  and you load up money onto your phone. Now what people were doing was, you know, you could actually buy a scratch card, right, get on the phone and I owe someone money across the country. So rather than like sending 50 bucks, which I can't really get to him, I'll just buy a scratch card in Lagos, right, and give him the code over the phone or text it to him. And that basically is money, right, because he can take that code and either load up his phone or he can resell it at a discount.  a better outcome, a better result. But I think it's literally just, look, the current policy isn't working and there's a lot of frustration in the system as to why we're not getting the results in terms of financial inclusion that the government is targeting. Yeah. And speaking of government, what is the general sense of like the trust in the government, right? So some countries around the world, there's fairly democratic processes. People, yeah, they know bad stuff happens, but for the most part they trust their governments or at least don't think their governments are  say like the bulk of African countries, at the very least, the citizens look at the government in very high suspicion. Because, I mean, the right for corruption, I think Nigeria is the model for that. Right for corruption, weak infrastructure, people are not seeing like physical investments. They're not seeing their lives improve, right? And you're also in a system where most things are informal, right? I was saying earlier today in another conversation that, you know, part of the problem with Nigeria as a nation is, you know, the majority of government revenue comes from oil sales, right?  things don't tip over to revolution. But what that has created to your point is very, very low trust in government, very low trust in institutions, very low trust in banks. Anything that's formal typically comes with some level of a sense that that entity's trying to take advantage of me as a citizen and not give me my due. And I think that's created a system where it's not only low trust, but people have to fend for themselves. Even just getting power  I think for most African countries the regular doesn't even have the wherewithal to know what's even going on in those countries let alone have any policy that can stop crypto in any material way. It's almost like the lack of sophistication gives them less insight. So if everything's cash-based, if everything's kind of gray or black market type transactions, you have these informal economies, these savings groups, etc. In the US the government knows what's happening because they look at the data.  then you might as well not even have the regulation to some degree. Exactly. And I think that's the nature of what's on the ground in the majority of countries. So that makes for a very, very interesting. And then you think about it too, the fact that there are many industries or many sectors that are just green fields. Like it's like there's no, no one is servicing those people. Right. I think it creates a massive opportunity because you don't have a lot of incumbents to like work to fight against. Right.  You can figure out ways to sort of provide utility to that marketplace, figure out a good UI and UX to serve them, then as a massive opportunity. Because I think inherently, the way I kind of see Africa evolving is it's the ideal place to empower like sovereign individuals. It's the ideal way to say, look, you can be your own bank, you can be your own financial service provider, and moreover, you can be networked to this global marketplace where you can acquire products from anywhere.  you have a product that can like sell like you know you know hundreds of millions of people that had access so before we get to the crypto and blockchain stuff the last question I have for you is are there examples where the the distrust in the institutions and the banks etc the banks have like done bad stuff or is it more of just hey I don't think you have my best interest at heart because you know your customer somebody else and and it's more kind of psychological or are there examples where you know like the cypress where they know they took 10% of our money  But then all these weird shenanigans that tend to happen where I might have a savings account and a checking account, and it might cost me a small fee to move money between my accounts. All of a sudden you see that I made 50 transactions between those two accounts, which I never initiated, but somehow someone in the bank, maybe due to weak controls or something, there's some affairs activity where they're now creating systems to basically tax or charge me for things I didn't authorize.  get away with it. So I as a customer has very little recourse and lots of strong reasons to distrust these institutions. So what do people do with their wealth? Like where do they store their money pre crypto and knowing about that? And then what's the culture of investing versus savings? So a lot of people, a lot of people still store, I think the biggest store of value, I'll say Nigeria is real estate. Okay. Right. So I think kind of like in the U S as this culture of, Oh, I want to have  Right, so it's sort of like inflation drives the asset price, right? Right. And so you sort of have this inflation somewhat inflation protected asset It's easy to acquire land and physical property You can see it feel it and then even for like nefarious and illegal activity. It's easy to hide money money in a house Right. I can I can I can hide it behind a corporate structure I could have it as my cousin actually is a beneficial owner when I am right? So typically like I think the primary store value  in their business, all sorts of external risks which disincentivize people from wanting to kind of grow their businesses. So it's more about cashflow. What can I get today? How can I turn that over and how can I store it? Got it. Let's talk about Bitcoin, then we'll do De-Cred and then we'll do kind of the broader ecosystem. Sure. How does Bitcoin fit into this and how do you think about awareness and adoption of Bitcoin across the various ecosystems in Africa? So, I mean, I think it's one of those things that  that extract raw materials, they create finished goods, and they come back and sell it to us. So everything from cornflakes to rice, we import everything. And because of that, lots of businesses are based out of trade. Sourcing goods, putting a margin on, selling it off, basic necessities. But you can imagine that every time you have an economic shock, like the last recession Nigeria had, obviously all of a sudden foreign exchange got scared  So like Bitcoin based payment companies that kind of came out of that. Some of them got slapped on the wrist and got into a little bit of trouble running a file of rules. But basically that I think was the first use case. This idea that I can settle global transactions and acquire goods internationally to run my business and I could use Bitcoin. Yeah. It's fascinating to me that the permissionless aspect of Bitcoin is exactly like a product market.  It's pretty special. And then you spent a bunch of time working on Decred. So talk a little bit about what Decred is, kind of where your interest there is, and then what's going on in Africa with Decred. Yeah, so Decred, at a higher level, is iterating on Bitcoin. And so is this idea that you can have a sovereign store of value, but we believe that blockchain as a protocol has and will have many, many  money protocol. Now you still have to be a strong store of value. You still have to have all the security. And I think with our hybrid proof of war proof of stake system, you know, you know, for you know, with 20 percent 20 times more secure than Bitcoin. Right. But how does that work? So so so unlike Bitcoin, you know, Decred is a hybrid proof of war proof of stake protocol. Right. We still mine blocks similar to Bitcoin. We're still going to have a 21 million dollar 21 million supply.  to basically vote to validate that block. And you have to have at least three tickets voting and a majority voting in an affirmative. So what that does is it does two things. One, it aligns incentives of stakeholders and minors. Because effectively the minors cannot operate outside of the will of ticket holders who could basically invalidate blocks if those blocks violate a rule or a tenet of decred in any way.  to be able to now be on the active or valid copy. And so if a miner, for example, is working off a different version of the software, all those blocks would be invalidated because you're not on the current version of the software. And I guess it works the same way if the miners don't validate a block, then stakers as well. You need both, right? Yes. You need the consensus. So you kind of need both, right? So it becomes this symbolic where both sides need the other. But ultimately, ticket holders effectively are like the Senate. Or if you think about Lower House and our  represented every block reward. But that becomes very integral to basically the long term goals of Decred where we believe that over time there'll be features that become critical and important. So we released a privacy implementation on Decred a couple months ago because privacy is important. The ability to opt into to have private transactions as a second layer, so it's not on our base train, but as a second layer we think is important. And we think that the constituencies within Decred that would want that as a feature.  So effectively what Decry really is, is we're saying look, we think Bitcoin solved for some really large fundamental problems, but we think that we can iterate upon those things and expand it even and project it out. So I think that there will be a future where you'll have corporations that are built on the blockchain that have a means of exchange, have governance, have voting rights, can program that in any way they want, but they're not subject to necessarily  that next iteration that basically take out a lot of the friction in markets. And we think that governance becomes really, really critical because it needs to be transparent, needs to be a fair game that anyone can participate in. And as much as possible, you want to avoid ways for it to be gained. And so personally, I think that delegated systems create problems, right? Delegated systems are systems are not quite clear, where there's some intermediary who is now  You know, those are things that we actively are designed and we actively look at to make sure and solve for. So that's how the kind of the hybrid mining and staking model works and kind of what Decred at the base chain layer is. What are some of the ecosystem things that either you're most excited about or you think are the most popular in and around Decred? So I think fundamentally the thing that I think makes Decred very interesting is so Politea is our off chain  That's what's sitting there currently. I'm not sure what the annual revenue is, but our burn rate is basically, we're burning what is coming in and we're not necessarily eroding the current base in terms of numbers. But hopefully, as the price goes up, then you should be retaining more and more dependent dollar terms. But anyone in the community, anybody can basically have a Peltier account, propose ideas. And the idea here is that that fund is to fund things that are beneficial  the goal one is to learn. So people are asking questions and pushing things saying, why do we need this? Why is this valuable? And you find that other people who are knowledgeable in the community are essentially trying to inform everyone as to why this is a good idea. So there's a process of basically, in my view, upskilling in terms of knowledge, the community, such that ultimately, hopefully, we're making the best decision. But I think that process also creates a system of trust building in many ways.  sort of heavily around like marketing. So we hired Ditto as a PR firm because we needed more awareness for D-Cred. Recently we passed a proposal that was competitive for market makers to just improve the liquidity of D-Cred on certain exchanges because we'd heard and there are lots of potential investors who are interested in investing in D-Cred but it's not liquid enough. So we're able to basically in many ways just in time rally around the community to kind of like invest wisely  I don't necessarily think that's a bad thing. So typically the more successful proposals or the things that increase your likelihood of being successful is being known. So for example, you've been part of the community, you showed up on our chat channels, you've asked questions. Typically the best proposals are ones where someone has an idea and they start basically talking to constituents. Like, I think we should do this, here's my idea. And you get feedback. It's like real time, they build consensus. Right.  or improve the proposal such that once it hits Politea, you already have a group of people who are commenting and supporting it because they've been clued into what's been going on. So I think there's a premium on people knowing who you are, you being visible, and people knowing that you are aligned with Decred, because at the end of the day, it's still about knowing the entity you're dealing with. I think we're hyper in particular, and for good reason, we're hyper-prepared