 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  series, and IOTA in the show notes.  I hope you do as well. All right, guys, bang, bang. I've got Richard here. Super excited to have this conversation. Thank you so much for taking the time to do this, sir. It's my pleasure to be here, or whatever bang, bang means. If I start every episode with bang, bang, it gets everyone focused on what we're doing. So that's what I do. Listen, you've been in and around technology for a few decades now.  of  And if you've got a mobile phone, you've got a corporate standard, you've got an OMG standard. If you use the telephone system in any other way, every telecom switch in the world uses our standards. Every banking system, every robot, every retail point of sale, et cetera, et cetera. So we've been mildly successful as well in our 30 years. I think it's important to realize that the purpose of standards is to make possible interoperability and portability. I want to build a solution and run it on multiple systems.  to knowledge capture in using service-oriented architecture, SOA. My initial reaction was, no, we don't do that. We're a standards organization. My later reaction was understanding and realization that what we did was we managed ecosystems. We helped people figure out what they wanted to deliver, and they then delivered that in an open, neutral, international fashion. We've been doing that for 20 years now, and I think we're quite successful at it. Most successfully, they consortia for information and software quality,  outside of Tokyo. And that success with two between now building those syst about 30 very large syst and we learned a huge am industrial I. It systems and p in our journal of innov more of a bit of an answer one of the things that I'm in. Um, assuming other pe  connection anywhere in the US. Unfortunately, not the same in Europe, which uses two round poles. And there are in fact three different diameters of those two round poles. So there are multiple standards within that standard. But it means a way that the end user of a solution can connect to the vendor of a solution in a way that doesn't worry about who built the product. You want that from software as well. I want my air traffic control systems to talk to each other.  especially want to be able to have to choose based on price, quality, support, et cetera. And the only way they're going to get that choice is with portability and interoperability that comes from standardization. I wish I could tell people you've got to use this standard. You must use it, but that doesn't work. It never works. It's been tried by governments for thousands of years and it's never succeeded. And certainly not going to succeed with a private not-for-profit company called the Object Management Group or  is not going to, then they should try to push us into selecting their solution as a standard. We're not controlled by anyone. We are not for profit with no shareholders, which makes it possible to have an open international neutral process for developing standards and then convincing people that they are the best solutions for the problems they have. Got it. And so as you're going through that process, right, take the electrical outlet or any of the examples you used, there's obviously multiple choices  Sometimes, in about 5% of our cases, we've done this a thousand times in 30 years. Sometimes, there's more than one solution that comes about because a vendor doesn't care as much about having an open standard and wants his or her solution the way it is. When that happens, we do something terrible, that is, we vote. And it may not come up with the best possible solution, but it comes up with a solution that people can follow, people can trust, people can expect is actually going to be the standard.  multi-step process that looks at all the technical experts in that field and then technical experts about lots of technologies. Nevertheless, you want that to happen fast. Our process takes an average of 17 months. That's not how long it should or can take. That's how long it has taken on average, 1,000 times we've done it in 30 years. The slowest by far was three years for UML 2.0. 54 companies participated though, so it was worth it. The fastest by far was nine months.  It doesn't have to be just the electrical appliances. It could be everything from blow dryers, charging packs, etc. So it kind of goes across different industries. The vertical market standard, though, seems to be much more focused on very specific use cases within industries. What's the difference there? Is it literally just that difference of protocols versus the industry standard, or is there something else? Yeah, good question. It's not really a difference of protocols. The protocols remain the same. It's mostly a difference in the vocabulary.  and  There's no margins left because we're talking about consumer markets, white goods markets that have no margins. But there's an enormous opportunity in industrial IoT, using IoT in manufacturing, smart buildings, smart cities, energy management, and precision agriculture. That's where the opportunity is. But five, six years ago, we realized there just was no expertise in that space. I pointed out to General Electric and a few others, you may have some of the world's best experts, but I've got them all because I've got two or 300 companies  an example in Ireland, in the country of Ireland, the health care information about everyone who lives in Ireland is kept by the national government. But the ambulance service is run by the state, they run by what we would call in the US the state, the province, what's called in Ireland, the county. So County Cork wanted to provide better services to their customers as a smart city solution. Their customers are the citizens of that county, of course. So now when an ambulance is on its way to your house, if they know who they're picking up,  when he or she arrives in the emergency ward. If you've ever been in an emergency ward, I apologize, I'm sorry you have, but you've seen paramedics screaming at the doctors and nurses. The nurse is trying to come up with a stabilization plan and the doctor's trying to come up with a treatment plan. That doesn't happen in County Cork anymore. If they know who they're going to pick up, the ambulance has already beamed the information back and chosen the correct hospital, whether it's an emergency situation or not, a heart attack or whatever.  useful data to the hospitals, but we're keeping track of the concerns of the drivers of the ambulances, for example. For sure. And so, where do you guys go when you create the system? Because it sounds awesome. And obviously, as it gets implemented, it's pretty obvious to see the value that can be created here. But how do you go about getting the implementation or the adoption done? So you create the standard and you say, this is the way things should be done. Earlier, you said you can't really force people to do it.  for quality choice for service, whatever. Therefore, it's valuable to have a standard. They're going to want a standard. So let's look at DLTs, for example, distributed ledger technologies. There is no standard for DLTs today. We are developing at OMG and we will deliver next year standards for interoperability between the LTs and standards for the IOTA Tangle. That's something that the market badly needs. There's no question they're going to adopt it because there's nothing else to adopt. That's what we're  standards are adopted because they know that our standards are going to be adopted. It becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. So I'm not too worried about it. I can't think of too many cases where there's where there have been multiple standards. Well, the JavaScript case is a case where we walked away because the ECMA, the European Computer Manufacturers Association, had developed its own JavaScript standard and there was no need to create one or for ourselves. So we stopped adopting a standard in that space. It would have been  and some of the internet consortium, et cetera, all being related.  We developed the test beds today. In fact, we have a paper out about a month ago on trustworthiness in IoT systems. And DLTs are the best way to provide it. But I spent an enormous amount of time about two years ago looking at specific DLT technologies and said these are all garbage. They just don't understand the real world. For example, I looked at one, not to be mentioned, that it has a transaction rate of seven transactions a second.  wasn't  disagree that that's possible or don't think that's going to happen, but it just feels like it's not possible to have true automation and machine-to-machine transactions if the asset of value, whether it's a stock above the currency or commodity, if that's not truly digital, if it's still an electronic Q-SIP and then obviously if it's physical paper or something, it just isn't compatible. I can't get over the fact that people don't see that. Do you agree with that?  100 years ago, you used to see people walking down Wall Street carrying sheaths of paper. That doesn't happen anymore. It all happens electronically. But everything should happen electronically. There's no reason we can't trade properties as we trade money today. And that's going to require a trustworthy way to do so. Our trustworthiness paper is worth looking at. It's better to understand that trustworthiness becomes the centerpiece of IoT systems. And you've got to deliver that in a way that you obviously  both in the public and private sector. And so you can understand the complexities are going to take time and significant dollar investments. But it sounds like you see this not only in those larger integrations of technology and sensors and endpoints, but also on a much, much smaller scale and in a shorter time period as well. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, so I do pay tolls electronically every day, unfortunately. And I do go through  I'll give you some examples.  manufacturing people are never surprised by that number, but I was shocked. In that factory now, the system which knows where the tools are says, your next job is so and so, you have to do it in so and so time. And the tool to do that job is 10 meters behind you on the left side, because it knows where the tools are. Imagine the productivity that makes a difference when the people in the factory are spending 46% of their time looking for the next tool. Imagine it. But that means I've got to trust the system,  back to here is the best technologies in the world are, and companies, are market expanding. So if you think of Uber as one example where if you had looked at Uber early on and said, oh, it's a black car, okay, one market it could disrupt is limousines and black cars. A little bit bigger market, probably the extent of where most people thought was, oh, what if they could actually do something as crazy as disrupt the taxi business?  market cap that exists, but it feels like it is a technology that can drastically expand over time. And there's probably things that get created that we can't even imagine today or it would be very hard to imagine what could potentially come out from this. Yeah. Well, I'm going to try to imagine for you what I can. First of all, I should mention that Uber didn't just change the car business. Uber changed the dispatch business. It did away with dispatch business. Taxis are not dispatched by human beings anymore.  of a replacement part in the mail one day without asking for it because it knows and it's connected to the internet and the internet connects all these things. People don't realize how important that is. So I think smart devices are a major source of IoT, new product opportunities, new business models. But we're going to see others because that's one of the things we're trying to learn with our test bed program. What are the new business models? Can we discover what those business models are and how do we address  vehicles. Alexander soli extensively on the subject requires that the vehicle knows what it is and that you hav data that is reporting. Th a d l t because there's no w on the planet is going to authority ever. There's no can deal with that much, what do you think is the or a potential reason why Yeah, you know, that's a  we're collecting by building the actual systems is collecting expertise and we're proud of that. Yeah, it's really really interesting to start thinking about what's possible here. You're also one of the other things you're doing is you're on the supervisory board as a member for IOTA and they're sponsoring the automation series that we're doing. Maybe talk a little bit as to what the attraction was there and what you're doing in the role as a supervisory board member. Sure.  understands the technology, understands why to make the technology better. When Dom asked me to join the Stiffman's RAT, the Supervisory Board, I asked him what for. He said he basically was looking for gray hair, looking for somebody with some experience running startup companies that can help them put together a useful company that would build that system, build it intelligently. And they are doing that today. I've been to SumSum now this past summer. That's the summer summit of the Iota Foundation.  and therefore has two boards like all companies in Germany. And I'm a member of the upper board that makes sure that the lower board actually understands what they're doing and has members on that lower board that can manage the company on a day-to-day basis. So I'm not involved in the day-to-day management of the company. I'm brought in sort of as an advisor to make sure that we have a strong board and a strong team to deliver Iota and Iota Tangle intelligent form.  Compete with each other do you think they can be complementary? Maybe you think they can be the same thing like how like how do you think about that trade-off? Yeah, so some of the protocols already exists. It's not just protocols or standards look like either protocols or or languages or or API's Programming interfaces in this case is a set of programming interfaces some protocols and and and some and the data model of the tangle itself There's not in those are not in contradiction you can hear those  of the world. Is there some area that hasn't been conquered yet or standard hasn't been issued that you're saying, hey, this is a place that I think somebody should go look at?  any names. I just talked to a friend who's got a blockchain startup in New York that specializes in digitizing any resource at all. It could be anything that says you want to trade. I think that's the right sort of thing you should do with whatever blockchain happens to win. Maybe one more than one blockchain technology. I don't care if it's Bitcoin or Ethereum or whatever. What is the one regulation that you would change in technology if you could wave a magic wand and change it?  that he had in mind. All except there were no secur there's an obvious solut your product and I. O. T. That regulation was kill it was killed before it sta that most regulations in t that they come from peop truly understanding the technology affects society. Got it. W book you've ever read? Y of important books. Um, and  so they can understand thinking outside the box.  a Bitcoin believer?  It's not just infrastructure. Those banks actually defend their currencies. The US Federal Reserve defends the dollar. Nobody defends Bitcoin. And I think we're seeing an incredibly high price for Bitcoin simply because the demand is quite large and the supply is quite small, which the economists tell us causes prices to go up. But when demand falls, I don't think supply is going to change. But when demand falls, we might see a tremendous change in value. So I will agree with you that Federal Reserve  Absolutely. But that's it. Whereas the Federal Reserve has I think it's four different controls over monetary control. In the case of Bitcoin, you have only the difficulty and it makes a difference to have fiscal control and monetary control. To say that it doesn't make a difference is just missing the fact of how fiat currency works. Yeah. And I guess the argument that people would have, right, there's a lot of people and I'm not even playing. There's a lot of people who I think would agree with you.  So an example would be as you print more of the currency to defend it, you're really just debasing it at a faster rate and therefore, continuously lose purchasing power over time. I guess it's the framework that some would use. In other words, the argument you're making is physical versus monetary control, which every central bank has to deal with all the time. That simply doesn't exist in the cryptocurrency world. I'm not saying all cryptocurrency is bad.