 All right guys, I'm super excited Will's here You guys have built probably one of the most popular applications on the Lightning Network And have a whole bunch of cool backstories and kind of views on the world So thanks so much for coming in and talking about all this pump. It's good to be here. Happy to talk about full lightning. I think we're gonna have a good coffee  kind of before you got into crypto, Bitcoin, what were you doing kind of pre-all of that? So I'm based out of California. I've spent a lot of time down in Silicon Valley. My main focus has been building companies and payments, retail, consumer space. Started a company, building payment processing, kind of subscription stuff. And then moved quickly into building out systems for Google Store  party  living in Argentina?  And we had one guy come in and present on Bitcoin as a remittance tool, which again was one of those things, okay, borderless payments, unstoppable, censorship resistant use case. And it was another one of those. It was like, okay, it's coming up again. This is rearing its head. And so it took about three or four major moments of experiencing it before I started to not only basically started to put skin in the game,  a car, exchange a home. So essentially, how do you have a big bag of cash and a very expensive asset and bring two people who don't know each other together and somehow come out with a happy transaction on the other side. And of course there's issues of trust, safety, and when you look at just even the payment tools that we have at our disposal, most of them aren't necessarily built for that. They're built for an intermediary to be there. And so there were  solutions that would open up new opportunities, new industries. And so I started to really focus on that. Got it. And then maybe talk through a little bit kind of the idea for fold and how you guys got started and what that original vision was like. Yeah. I mean, so, you know, fold really started off as Bitcoin is growing. There are more and more people with it. And, you know, when they have this, the idea is to show its use cases in the real world.  moment for Bitcoiners to show people around them in a real environment, hey, look, I'm using this in the real world. It's a real thing. It's tangible. And for a lot of people trying to wrap their heads around a new asset, a new type of money, a transactable currency is something that's important to them, even though, you know, what we've come to learn is that the narrative has gone much farther with what Bitcoin can do and be. And so, um, you know, besides the ability to show, Hey friends, I just bought my Starbucks.  Layer two is where the really where this use case was going to grow if it was going to grow anywhere and so I guess the Key piece to all of this was like in the early days of Bitcoin like how did people actually you know drive adoption? It was literally hey pull out your phone or get your computer Let me get you a wallet and I'll give you some Bitcoin. Yeah, right It was this kind of virality of money if you will was how a lot of early Bitcoiners came into the ecosystems They heard it from somebody then that  Hurdles to get over just give people some Bitcoin give them some ability to watch the price action watch number go up watch it go down and Start to harden them in that way and just build their curiosity about that The other part is early days Bitcoin. It was it was a friend showing another friend So there's this other element of a this net viral network of trusted You know friends family that were just kind of spreading this gospel spreading this word  and  than if I earned the Bitcoin or somebody gave it to me and I under with the understanding that it's money and I'm to spend this at some other point, right? And so I think a lot about like if you bifurcated the Bitcoin adopters today, let's call it 70 million people or at 1% of the world's population, give or take what percentage is the speculators right in here is hey, this is a trading asset versus the people who are here to use it as a currency and purchasing  Essentially, the way I think about it is that once the first Genesis block was mined, the rudimentary technology to support hodling and the accumulation use case of Bitcoin was, the technology was pretty much there. Send, receive, and just wait it out. For us, it's really about looking at the new use cases to expand what we understand Bitcoin to be. For the most part, the idea of earning and spending, the infrastructure just has  when you're using your USD, your fiat. And the idea is that we get to start, get that curiosity, the people that aren't there to speculate, that honestly get turned off by exchange environments where there's red numbers flaring green, it's stressful, it's confusing, it's expensive at times, and the utility is not necessarily immediately available to them. And so for us, it's about building the infrastructure to help people learn about the same thing  people who haven't had experience with the asset don't necessarily know what it is but are there to learn about it. And so with Fold what we're trying to do is create all these moments of education. What is a wallet? What's the best wallet for you? How do you think about spending it? You know, we are totally here for the use case of accumulation, hodling, and everyone on the Fold team fits that bill. But we also know that there are very real use cases for around the world of spending it, using it in their daily lives. And we also are  and you go about spending like you do. Every day you're ordering coffee, you're ordering a car, you're making your Amazon shipments, and instead you do that with FOLD, and what you do is you buy essentially prepaid credit into these stores. So you go into Amazon, buy $100 of credit, which is automatically loaded into your Amazon account, and from there you're gonna earn 2 to 4% back in Satoshi's instantly. Now on your next purchase, you can decide, hey, I'm gonna increase my spending power and use that Bitcoin to supplement  financial app in the App Store and in front of all of these mainstream consumers who may have never heard about Bitcoin, there is an entire tab about Bitcoin, teaching them about it, exposing them to that. And so the idea is that we're not beating over the head about what to use Bitcoin or what, you know, how you should be using it, but we're giving you an on-ramp to start to start to learn more about it and to take the next steps of actually starting to actually use it and get onboarded into wallets, into the infrastructure because  I got to have Bitcoin. Second is I got to understand how to actually transact that Bitcoin. The third is that the merchant has to be able to accept the Bitcoin. Right. And then the fourth is the merchants got to figure out what the hell do I do with this? Do I leave it on my balance sheet? Do I convert it? Right. Kind of like more like FX type stuff. You guys, my understanding is you've taken a very kind of nuanced approach to solving those problems. Maybe just walk us through like a transaction. What's technically happening when I have the full app right now say, Hey, I want to buy this cup of coffee from  And so you send us $10 and you want to spend it. Amazon will pull $10 of credit from Amazon down to you. And so what this essentially allows it allows you to do is you can spend in whatever asset you want USD or Fiat or USD, Fiat or Bitcoin. And the merchant can settle in the store in their internal store credit. And so the merchant doesn't actually have to think about onboarding and all of these more complicated things about what it means to take custody of Bitcoin, what it means to  That fold user going through your store, from the merchant's perspective, is the only user that's not subjecting you to processing fees from Visa and MasterCard network and has no ability for a chargeback moment. So for retailers, that's a huge benefit. Chargebacks processing is a multi-billion dollar headache for these merchants every year. And so what fold allows them to do is essentially experience the possibility of what this  volatility. They don't have to have a strategy for kind of managing the Bitcoin hedging it, transacting it and exchanging it back to dollars, et cetera. But is the thought process like that's the end game where, Hey, let's let the consumers spend Bitcoin and then the retailers don't accept it. Cause a lot of people who would say like, Oh, that's not really using Bitcoin as money. Right? Like that's just like, you know, any other thing. Why don't we just use seashells and then the retailer just ends up with dollars or do you look at it as, no, this is the first step. Let's get one side.  it, spend it, we actually get to see these behaviors change. About 50% of people are spending their Bitcoin rewards, 50% are saving it right now. So when we think about where we go on the merchant side, we're going to go what makes the most sense for the merchants and build for them. And so right now, settling in fiat is the only way that we're going to start to make this case to those merchants and start to have them involved in this asset. Now, where it goes in the future, we already have merchants that have approached us and there are merchants currently today  you can walk into a target, use something like Fold with your credit card, the transaction is actually turned into a lightning Bitcoin payment, the merchant gets to then settle in the currency of their choice, Bitcoin or whatever it is, but it's giving efficiencies to both sides. So what happens is because the merchant no longer has processing fees and charge back risk, they're able to push all of those rewards directly back to users to incentivize them.  you can use Bitcoin, but you can also use your regular credit card, debit card, et cetera, through the application. And so it's a little bit more consumer friendly, right? It's not this big like, oh, I have to learn Bitcoin to use this. Fold can serve just traditional fiat payments. And so the hope then is you kind of siphon some of those people off into Bitcoin over time. Yeah, it's, it's, you know, about creating, lowering the barrier to entry for both consumers and merchants to start and getting exposure to Bitcoin and especially those that have been on  It's crazy.  merchant and the consumer side.  fees. Really it's two to four percent is really what a retailer could expect from any given transaction. Wow. And those are showing no signs of slowing down. So much so that you have retailers like Walmart who are creating their own POS systems to try to get around this because right now the credit card rewards are in such a competition that credit cards are giving more and more cash back. And what's happening is that's going more and more on the retailers to actually pick up the bill. And so what's happening is you  controlling the payment, that's who controls the reward. And so at this point, Walmart is deeply incentivized both to eliminate chargeback, which is a huge multi-billion dollar issue for them. But when you're a low margin business, processing fees quickly eat up. And so you start to think about, okay, if we can start instead of maybe paying two to 3% to processing companies, and maybe we just give that exact two to 3% as rewards back to our own customers, suddenly we have our deep  works and why you guys chose to pursue that. Yeah. So, Fold came out of thesis, which is a venture production studio. The idea is that it builds at the application layer and protocol layer on top of Bitcoins specifically, but works on some other protocols as well. And the idea is there's a lot of knowledge that can be shared across projects, especially at such an early stage of the industry where the idea of being able to harvest  Okay, let's go test that and so we launch product into the market we get immediate feedback and we see where that idea is going is there immediate traction because The idea is not we're not building for the next, you know A product that will work in 20 years 10 years we're building for products that are businesses today and so the benefit of a venture model like this is that we actually get the freedom to test this in a market that right now is super nascent and That we get to kind of battle battle-hardened before  who have either been entrepreneurs previously and have a direct use case they want to test or they have brought products to market. Or it works when you actually have an idea that you know already has traction and that you can just kind of add a little bit more fuel on the fire and see where you can go for next year. It is one of the things that doesn't work in all contexts.  seed. It's something that's much smaller amounts so that you can have a place in kind of a laboratory to test this and you do it in much smaller time frames. We're talking under six months. And then from there, once that's validated, then you can spin out, go look at seed. And that's, that's what folds us out. We just, uh, announced our seed funding, um, with, with some incredible partners in the space, uh, uh, back in October, uh, tell us a little bit more about that. Right. So you guys had used the venture studio model, kind of tested a bunch, figured out, Hey, there, there's some traction here. We think that  and execute on our larger vision for tomorrow and the years after. So for us, it was really important to make sure we came in with proof points that just were able to be blatantly obvious for any of these partners to bring on. Okay, you say that you can change behaviors and create a new way for people to earn Bitcoin. Okay, let us know what the numbers are. How many people are doing this? How many have done that? How much are they earning? What are they doing? What are they spending it on? Okay, you say,  Domino's Pizza that allowed lightning payments, so essentially Domino's built on lightning. So anybody could use the Lightning Network to have Domino's Pizza delivered to them, order it in store, and essentially it gave you all the ability to interact with the real world service nationwide, see, hey, are these users just in a pocket of New York or San Francisco? Well, we launched it and found that nearly every state in the country had activity in ordering Domino's Pizza.  for  network itself though, right? Like there's a lot of different things that you could overlay on, you know, the Domino's APIs and their website and say, Hey, you know, use XYZ different payment method. Like why the lightning network? And kind of give me an understanding of like how you guys see the state of where we are. Yeah. It was, it was interesting. I just went to the light first lightning conference in Berlin about a month ago. Um, and it was one of those great moments for kind of state of the union, say to a  towards it. And it was plainly obvious how many people are there building on various use cases for what lightning can be, messaging on top of lightning, payments, instant settlement for trading, decentralized exchanges, all of these various things. And so for us, we've chosen to explore lightning from our perspective of retail and adoption. And so the best part about the Berlin conference was that it was both a celebration of all these different use cases and how far  and  or any other payment system we had. So we really are looking at lightning for those competitive advantages and how we can leverage those to take advantage of existing problems. Like we just mentioned the rising processing fees, chargebacks. How do we take the things that lightning can bring and no other payment system can do? And how do we start to introduce those to the people that need it most? And the lightning network itself, I think one of the big kind of knocks on it right now from the  from like a safety of the network versus technically it's not possible. Yeah. Um, you know, this is absolutely a hard cap that's been imposed by on, by the protocol development and for good reason, you know, this is a fledgling network and it relies on robust participants in there that can route payments, you know, hop to, um, to pump to me, to someone else. A pump can, can figure out a settlement that requires a network that has enough, um, uh,  with Bitcoin and Lightning, so provide some problems when people want to buy airline tickets to fold. But it's for good reason. It's number one, keeping expectations real, not over promising, which is a hallmark of other crypto projects in this space, and just about being a way that we can both take users on now, introduce them to Lightning without putting them at risk. And so all of the issues with channel capacity, transaction size,  any major loss of funds, which to me is incredibly surprising given how much activity and commerce is actually going on on the lightning network right now. And so a lot of these are self-imposed and they are because we know the solutions. We know generally when they'll come and when they will, we'll start to see that those, those self-imposed limits start to relax. Cause what the lightning network is 18, maybe 24 months old. In terms of, yeah, I mean, you know, when does, when does it start from a paper or.  and there's been applications built like Lightning Pizza. And so again, is it Visa today? No, of course not, right? But in two years or less, it's pretty incredible the progress, especially given that it is done by kind of a loosely coordinated group of individuals on the internet that have built this global product that's going after some of the largest settlement networks in the world.  structure  There's nothing, there's nothing like it. And the only way is to, you know, actually shoot actual gold to someone at the speed of light and then have it settled as you know, and that way there's just really no support in any of this infrastructure yet. And so the things that I'm most interested are really exposing and going right after these competitive advantages that just are not offered that provide huge savings efficiencies and other benefits for both consumers and merchants, traders, all, you know, speculators. And the cool thing is,