 Whoa, before we get started, I want to go over the four sponsors for this episode who make all this possible. They're fantastic. So go show them some love. The first is the best URL in the industry, crypto.com. They're a crypto platform with one goal, driving mass adoption. That's why we're all here, right? To get every human on earth a digital wallet and to get them using digital currencies. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending, and a new card payment. Everything you could want is at crypto.com.  It'll arrive at your door and you simply take out of the box plug it in and connect to your Wi-Fi You'll be mining your favorite crypto in five minutes or less. It is honestly magical I have one running right now here in the office and it's super quiet It's got no heat and every person that comes in the office asks. What is that? Every single person asks It's a coin mine the best part to me is that the coin mine comes with a mobile app That's super slick and the company continues to push over-the-air updates to the device that add functionality add tokens that can be mined or increase the efficiency of the device  BlockFi is one of my favorite companies in crypto because they allow users to deposit their assets in a deposit account and immediately start earning interest. Think about it. If you keep your digital assets on an exchange or in cold storage, you aren't benefiting from any yield on the asset. With BlockFi, they allow you to deposit crypto and then get paid interest on a monthly basis in crypto. Deposit Bitcoin and want to get your interest payment in ETH? You can do it. Deposit Bitcoin and want to get your interest payment in Bitcoin? You can do it. The rates at BlockFi are currently some of the best in the industry.  people buy, sell, and trade cryptocurrencies. But he added a few twists, social trading, copy trading, and virtual trading accounts. Social trading is a feature where every asset available on the platform has its own separate social feed where people talk about the asset, share trading ideas and analysis, and even include various charts or graphs. Virtual trading accounts is targeted at beginners. If you're just starting out and want to try trading with play money, eToro will give you a virtual account with $100,000 in it to test, learn, and get comfortable. And so then that brings us to copy trading.  Get started by going to eToro.com. Again, that is eToro.com, where the entire team's ready to get you started in just a few clicks. And don't forget, go subscribe to the Off The Chain daily newsletter. You can go to offthechain.substack.com. I write a letter of news, analysis, and opinion every morning that goes out to more than 40,000 investors. See you there.  Anthony Pompliano is a partner at Morgan Creek Digital. All opinions expressed by Pomp or his guests on this podcast are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of Morgan Creek Digital or Morgan Creek Capital Management. You should not treat any opinion expressed by Pomp as a specific inducement to make a particular investment or follow a particular strategy, but only as an expression of his opinion. This podcast is for informational purposes only.  lets you appreciate all that you can enjoy right now in the free world. But I'm just a company builder. I've been building companies my entire life. This is Crypto.com, it's my fourth startup. Got it. And as you started thinking more about Bitcoin and crypto, what was the first moment that you saw digital currencies and kind of got excited? What kind of grabbed your attention?  that brought it back for me was the Dow hack in mid 2016. So I read an article in the wire about it and I was like $150 million on something like this. I mean, isn't this thing supposed to be dead? I mean, that's what I left off, right? Right after the Mt. Gox, it seemed that crypto would never be able to recover after that. And here we are. So I looked at it and at that time I was just  I think came together quite nicely.  wonderful competitors. I mean, they're just so bad at it. Universally hate it. I'm yet to find a person who will say, I just love my bank. You know, it just doesn't happen in the real world. Right. So you're right that they have advantages. They have the balance sheets. They have, you know, all the licensing and all this stuff. Right. But startups are very good at starting with something simple.  just operate differently. And other furniture banks that came mostly out of Europe like Revolut and Monzo, and we were starting, they were all like, you know, serious A-stage. Now they are like multi-billion dollar unicorns, but they follow the same principles. Give the customer a fair deal, make sure that you've got great UX, low fees. I mean, this is the ultimate combination, the financial incentive to join and get the new product and the user experience just doesn't suck. And that's enough.  it's actually a technology problem. And if they had better technology, they could be solved. I think it starts with the culture. So there is lack of customer centricity. There's no risk taking. There's no innovating for customers. And everything just flows from that. Large banking institutions are just full of people who are busy playing the Game of Thrones rather than focusing on what to do for the customers.  since 2009. Right. So even that thing is not done well. So I think it's just a wonderful if you were to pick a competitor in competing against banks, I think it's great. Got it. And how much of kind of that that culture, that's a really interesting way to look at it. It's just like, hey, the culture sucks, and they're focused on the wrong things. And so everything kind of top down from there is messed up. When you think through that culture,  being focused on the customer, being really humbled, the basic stuff, being a clear thinker that's just missing in the entire banking environment. So I would just separate this completely. And in terms of crypto, we view this as kind of building blocks that we can use to come up with new value propositions for customers and give them more reasons to do that.  What kind of value does this bring to me today? What kind of problem does it solve? I mean, things like you just look at our offering, our cards, three, four, 5% cash back, interbank rates, no ATM withdrawal fees. In terms of the interest rate, we offer much better than any bank would offer. So this is the stuff that people understand. It just addresses their direct needs today and it makes their life better today.  about crypto.com and where you guys originally started and what the vision for the business was. Again, so we started as a company that wants to challenge the banks. And our vision today is cryptocurrency in every wallet. So we think that in terms of the impact, you will be hard pressed to find anything else in the technology field that you can work on that can  get back to control their money, data and identity. And blockchain has the potential to deliver on this promise. Of course, you know, it's there's a long way from from where we are today to when it's actually going to happen. But Bitcoin has shown us that it is possible. For sure. And so walk us through kind of the products that you guys offer today, right? So as you think about building out a challenge or  and  7, 365. It's very powerful. And to complete the ecosystem, we're building our own public chain, which essentially works as a replacement of payment networks like Visa or MasterCard. And we just announced a cryptocurrency exchange, where we will have full institutional offering starting with spots then next year, margin trading, lending and derivatives. So it's an entire ecosystem like essentially  So I don't believe that in today's world you can roll out these type of services to millions of users globally without doing things like compliance, security, privacy. So we're building, we're investing heavily in this infrastructure that allows us to be innovative, but at the same time compliant. And we were like the first company in crypto space  level of decentralization, which would allow them to just say, okay, I don't need to get this license with a license, it just doesn't work like this, at least not today. Got it. And one of the things that I keep thinking about is crypto, decentralized finance, etc, stands to be fairly disruptive to the legacy banking system and the financial system. But it feels like those competitors, right, the people that the challengers are trying to disrupt,  because that gives us more time to build the technology and the infrastructure that you need to support a large scale business before bigger players going. That's great, I think, for us. The other aspect of it is that I think there's way too much tribalism within crypto space. I mean, everybody should realize how small we are comparing to the broad finance from  grow the adoption of crypto rather than trying to just compete against players from within the industry. Got it. And as you think about that kind of collaboration, there's obviously a lot of things that you guys are doing. But one of the pieces that I want to spend some time talking through is the card and kind of the user experience that almost most people in the world are used to of pulling out a piece of plastic or metal and swiping it.  And having a Visa brand on top of it brings instant credibility and trust and brings instant utility of the product because you now can use it in 50 million locations. And the perks are great, so it's better than what you're using today for your payments. It basically kills any bank card, just purely on how favorable the terms are.  live in Asia pack. We are live in 49 states in the US. We'll start shipping to 30 countries in Europe in January. So this like the only crypto card is available pretty much globally. And it's a really high quality product. So what we get out of it as a company is basically a very strong word of mouth. It's a conversation starter. It's just, we see it clear that people who have the card in their  regulatory challenges that crypto companies, especially ones that are trying to provide true financial services face versus the kind of legacy banking or maybe the advantages that they have there. So we try to do it in stages. So the first thing you do is you partner with people who already have licenses. So, for example, for a card issuing with partner of Metropolitan Commercial Bank in New York,  Once you have distribution, and we are getting there because we already have more than a million customers on the platform, you can start getting your own licenses. On one hand, you've got things like MTO licenses in the States or EMI license in Europe, but also you can become a direct partner with a company like Visa for principal membership. As a startup, you need to think about what is achievable and how do you get to the market  Got it. And so let's talk a little bit more about kind of where we end up, right? So you've got these challenger banks that are going after the legacy banking system. There's this regulatory framework that exists. There's some people who will argue that the rules need to change. There's some people that argue the challengers need to play by the rules that exist because they're not going to change. But how do you see kind of these two different forces, right? The legacy world and  that are not banking but look similar to banking are going to be fully regulated. So we are already working on this to be ready. Whether there's going to be M&A activity, it really depends on what kind of scale we can reach or other players in this industry can reach. So if you look at the typical challenger banks, a clearly successful example is  have robust revenue generating engines. Like look at Binance, two years and a billion dollars in revenue, right? That's much more robust than the typical challenger banks. So there's absolutely no need for capital, right? They can just grow organically. So I think these types of companies are going to be very expensive acquisition target down the road as they mature.  something that is by definition not for sale. Yep. And as you think through that, like how do crypto corporations, right? Or companies in this kind of global decentralized ethos based world, how do they think about alignment with investors, value creation, value accrual? Like do some of the core tenets of building a company change or do you as a  And you need to be profitable if you want to have staying power. So I also, you know, I am all for building solutions that are censorship resistant, right? But applying this type of philosophy, like, okay, let's have a decentralized team and decentralized decision making, decentralized governance, right? This is not how you build stuff at scale in the real world. So, you know, people should go back to the basics, I feel. For sure.  human being, things like their sense of justice, right? And when you go there, things just, they will never be reasonable, right? I've been here for now 16 years. Hong Kong is home for me. So obviously, that's, it's very sad to watch this happen. It's arguably one of the greatest cities on earth.  average person, their life hasn't actually seen a material change. It used to be that it didn't have that much of an impact in our day-to-day life. But in the last two weeks, things have deteriorated quite substantially, right? And it's at the point where nobody can ignore it. Hopefully, things will get better soon. Although, one could argue that probably they'll get worse before they get better.  We've seen that the investments and time and effort to build a very strong company culture where Where people take ownership of what they do and they take pride in what they do Regardless of you know, I'm not being able to sit in the office for a few days. I mean people didn't drop their any balls So it was pretty good Scott's good Want to know who has the best URL crypto calm that's right crypto calm They're a crypto platform with one goal  CoinMine.com, you buy a coin mine, it's like an Xbox or a PlayStation that helps you turn your electricity into Bitcoin. That's right. You purchase it, it shows up at your doorstep, you pull it out of the box, you plug it in, connect to your Wi-Fi, five minutes or less, you're mining Bitcoin. All you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide, and then you receive over-the-air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over-the-air updates and updates the car software.  You can deposit it with BlockFi and get paid an interest rate of 6% in return. Go check out blockfi.com slash Pomp, again blockfi.com slash Pomp to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today.  unhappiness. But what I don't hear a lot about is kind of the conclusion and kind of where realistically, the social unrest can conclude. Any thoughts there in terms of how you think this plays out?  Hong Kong via crypto, do you see more people signing up? Or maybe you see the exact opposite effect that there's more concern either on a regulatory basis or due to the social unrest? What's the impact that you're seeing?  Right. And that's to a certain extent the cost of letting the situation spiral out of control. But not much crypto impact today. Makes sense. And then in terms of kind of the future outlook for crypto.com, maybe help us understand where you see yourself going in the next kind of six to 12 months or the other things that are kind of on the horizon that you're thinking about. Or is it more of just execution on the things you already have on your plate?  In terms of payments, we've got continued expansion globally for our Cog program. So we've got a Latin America plan for next year, Canada and a few other places to have really broad coverage of the Cog product and a global distribution network for that. On the payments front also, our public chain, which is now in testnet mode, we've got the second vision on testnet  the funds you have in crypto in the wallet, in the crypto.com wallet. So that's like in line with our ethos, which is if you just stood down to, we want people to be long crypto and short fiat. So that's, it sounds like an easy concept, but if you want to roll it out globally, and again, there are implications on regulatory fraud, licensing and whatnot. So the trading activities with  So if you want to spend on the card, we'll just front all your spending for you. And you can pay interest on whatever you use from this credit line. And we're going to go for a super seamless user experience and friendly interest rates. So actually, you keep the upside from the digital assets that you have, and you only pay the interest on whatever you spend. So access to the cash,  product.