 Thanks for having me again!  to help develop certificate authorities even in different countries when we were trying to do 1.0 e-commerce. And they really got the payments bug in about 15 years ago and spent a lot of time in developing markets trying to build money transfer products and the ability to use cell phones and feature phones even to do money transfer. Got the crypto bug about, I don't know, probably about a year after the white paper was released. I read it probably a couple of months, three months later. Oh really?  Bitcoin was not created by an academic. We can save that for another time. I think it's just too much practicality in what was done. Anyway, another time. But yeah, so like the last kind of eight years or so, I've really been super hardcore in Bitcoin, was mining on a laptop, I think in the very early days. I managed to get a bunch of Bitcoin that way. And then obviously it was on all of the early exchanges and gave the first TED Talk in Bitcoin in 2012.  is that because it's decentralized you can't shut it down and try to explain it. There's a mix of Ted in those days between the young and the old and the old in particular, I think it was way, way out there for them. But hey look, the talk is out there and still gets a lot of views and there are way better introductions now. Seven years later, you look pretty smart now. Yeah, well, I get a lot of people come back to me now and say I can't believe that you had the foresight to actually even want to give that talk seven years ago.  We had a relationship with DigiCash and obviously the downside of DigiCash was you had to trust DigiCash. But the idea of using cryptographic techniques to create money was very compelling. But why bother if you have to trust someone to actually create the money? Now we're at a point where we can separate the creation of the money and the banking and have basically two different kind of crypto-based solutions. One for the issuance of money, which is where Bitcoin is going, and another for the solution of banking, which I'm guessing  That went somewhat viral on Twitter and it's of the ECB governing council. I don't know if you saw this I didn't see it describe it There are 24 people sitting at a dinner table in a very plush Room that you would expect the elites to be in right, you know really nice art on the wall the floor looks like you know the carpet it kind of reminded me of like you ever see the pictures like Donald Trump's apartment with the gold every go So they're all sitting there and there are 23  to be archaic 10, 15, 20 years from now that we literally were like, wait a minute, 24 people decided what happened to the money. It's pretty crazy.  economies Right. So that's why I say I made this point online I've made the point 15 times over the last 10 years is that the value of Bitcoin is very stable The value of the dollar is plummeting and that has been true forever And that is because these people manage economies. They don't manage the value of your money Actually, they do manage the value of their money, but they're willing to forego that Yeah, well, they're willing to create a managed economy. Yeah, there's almost in their eyes. There's a sliding scale  government created assets erode probably 90%. That's the person who it's most acute to. Most people don't appreciate how much government backed or government created money depreciates in value because either they don't live long enough to appreciate it, they don't have enough in the early days of their life to actually understand what's happening. But what happens when people start living to be 120 in the West? It's gonna happen. Which is gonna happen.  is  with.  true when you're dead.  book pre-Bitcoin that I was really considering writing about the future of money. And chapter one was something about competing federal reserves, meaning have lots of feds and let them all compete with each other. Which is basically what we had when we had just states all had their own money. Absolutely. Right. Before there was a federal dollar. Absolutely. And Jefferson talked about the dangers of centralized federal money even before we had a central bank. And you know, that was the Jefferson Hamilton conversation.  try to do it one of two ways. Either they want to create kind of a groundswell movement that says, hey, the government is too big or too onerous or not effective, not efficient, all this kind of stuff. So let's apply pressure on the government and the government change itself. Maybe, but probably unlikely. Two is people have tried to get into the government, right? So whether they're a representative, the president, whoever, and they want to quote, quote, change something. You can agree or disagree with what they want to change, but that's their strategy is, you know, if you're an  One can't stop it, but two is you have a whole network of people who buy into the idea that in order to change a whole bunch of things in society and the economy, you actually have to change the system, right? And people basically opt out of one system into the alternative system, but it's an individual choice to do that rather than it be a government led type of initiative. Now, I'm also a big believer that history leaves clues. There's a path that's likely to happen. And if you travel the world like I do, I go to the Philippines, Mexico, Argentina, Venezuela, I go  can because it's just going to take longer to fail. Like they don't think that the dollar is a great currency. They think that the U.S. dollar is a better, like let's call it shit coin, government backed shit coin than all of the others. Yep. Right. And may take longer so that in their lifetime it's less likely to fail. Yeah. But in someone's lifetime it is going to fail. And that's the difference. And I think that history has shown us that you can print your way out of short term problems, but long term  for people to pay taxes in dollars and to reconcile the tax bill that you have in dollars because we could actually create an economy based purely on cheap if we wanted to, but eventually we'd have to convert some of that cheap back to dollars in order to pay our tax bill. Now I've talked about this with many, many economists and they think I'm full of crap when I talk about this because of the power. Sorry, a lot of people who think the economists are full of crap. Yeah, well, luckily more people are coming around to our perspective. I think there's less people kind of moving in that direction and more people moving in our direction, even if they have a larger  So everybody's seen lately the announcement of the Apple card. I've been testing that. It's a really cool product. I love how it's integrated with mobile. There was an announcement this week when we were recording this with City partnering with Google for them to get into banking. Now, what's interesting about that is that two things, in my opinion. One is crypto specific, but one is every major tech company is going to get into banking in some way. I agree with that. And they'll do it for, specific to their audience.  So that should all tell you about who they're catering to with that product. Google's announcement focused more on the DDA, the actual savings account, which really I think should tell you that their user base in the U.S. is a little bit more kind of straight up middle class and they want to tie that Android phone to that account. Now, when I look at both of those announcements, the company that I think should be most worried on the planet about those announcements, in my opinion, is Samsung. Because Samsung,  margin on their experience and that they don't budge from that target. Whereas in the case of Samsung, there's like, hey, our market globally is wildly fragmented, meaning we have a massive customer base in every country. We can't do easily what Google just did and have it actually solve a problem for us because we have to deal with 75 countries. Am I going to put 75 banking partners in place in 75 countries to create savings accounts? I could, but if I had a single solution that actually did that  and then we can talk about kind of the future. Describe kind of what was the original idea for the company. So so the original idea came when I was looking at the money transfer space where I was spending a lot of time and created a nonprofit in Haiti after the earthquake. They were literally helicoptering money. It's crazy. Have you seen the pictures of it? I was there dude. It is fucking wild. It was wild. Right. And so it's like pallets of cash just coming in through helicopters. Picture a helicopter like in Vietnam. Vietnam videos that would  destroyed. Plus the money couldn't come in because we couldn't pay it out. Yep. The infrastructure wasn't there. Anyway, so I spent a lot of time in the money transfer space in Haiti, Mexico. So is that considered money transferring when they helicopter the money? It certainly is. I remember that's how I actually met a lot of friends that I have today from the State Department who were working with the army to help solve this problem. And you want to talk about centralized. It's the money. I mean, my God, it was the one other story that I have that's similar to this is after Hurricane Katrina,  to guard the cash because all the systems were down the infrastructure etc and I just remember sitting there thinking like We can think we're the most connected, you know technology advanced civilization in the world the power goes out game over Right. We go right back to the archaic world That was that TV show revolutions from let's a digress, but I remember that show was super cool What happens when the power goes out pretty much for good? I haven't seen it. Oh, it's so good back to the the first season was awesome Then it went downhill but like it was basically your back to the to the stone ages or like within a few weeks  dollars a week in deposits. You can use your Amex card, your credit card, to all to buy Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency. We support all the major stablecoins now, everything from Tether to PAX to TrueUSD. We're launching Dye once they finish their upgrade in a few weeks, all within the Abra app. And you can easily with one button click exchange between those currencies. And we had a mandate in the company. We wanted to create an experience which was more like  and hey, I gotta hit that exact type order and all that kind of stuff, your user base is, hey, I wanna buy some Bitcoin. I wanna buy some Stellar. I wanna do something that is fairly straightforward and I don't need the advanced trading functionality. And we also have a lot of people who wanna use this stuff to send money. So we have some users who use Abra to buy their Bitcoin, their Ether, their Ripple, their Lumix,  have been since ported to because of all the stable coins that are out there we don't we didn't need that but it really helped Abra out of the gate to be able to offer services quickly the way it worked was we had these multi-sig contracts multi-sig is a technology in Bitcoin that allows multiple parties to sign a transaction as opposed to just one party so you can create a wallet where I can only move money if two different parties sign the transaction there's three of us that all have rights to it but two out of the three of us had to agree to do it right you have any combination of that you can have  to the tune of like over a billion dollars in volume. So we, I think ran the first truly successful global test of a synthetic asset based on Bitcoin. And it was all based on Bitcoin. We did a little bit of Litecoin testing when the system had issues when the mining fees skyrocketed because all of those transactions were on chain, which was also crazy. And Litecoin helped us with that because when the mining fees for multi-stake transactions hit $40, they were only a couple of dollars with Litecoin. And Litecoin is more or less the same.  We're actually going to become a broker dealer now in the US. So next year you'll be able to do that in the US. You'll be able to buy stocks and you can basically load your money in the Philippines in pesos, for example, and convert that to crypto. You can convert it to Apple shares. You can convert it to Google shares or you can convert it to Monero. And you can take your Monero and convert that back to pesos or you can take your Monero and convert it to Apple shares. So we want to bring those capabilities to the US and have a global app that does all of that.  back to the point about Google versus Samsung. Google is going to have to repeat that partnership in a hundred countries in order to match their user base globally. We can do that out of the gate with crypto and not have to put those partnerships in place except the rails to get money out of the existing system. Yeah. And what you're really talking about here is all of the regulation, right? This is probably one of the most misunderstood things by people who are just coming into the ecosystem is there are two separate systems, right? There's the Fiat banking world and kind of the Fiat  from Bitcoin to back to the legacy world, it's actually not that onerous. Right. It's pretty easy. Over 50 percent of our deposits right now are crypto. The rest are people coming in through the banking system and we're committed to both. Now at scale, more people will probably come in up front through the banking system, but we're giving people crypto rails now because we have a lot of awareness for what we're doing in the crypto space. But we need to grow Apera. Right. And so the way to do that is to go to every country in the world and actually say, all right, I'm going to make it easy for you to get money out  into whatever you want to hold on the phone using the process I described before. And we've done that with- And that's a process and user experience that they're used to doing. They're used to doing it because they do it for remittances, they do it for bill payments. It's just very common in the country to deal with cash. And so because all of these stores have Abra signs in them, the awareness for Abra in the Philippines is very, very high. And so what we've realized is from a marketing perspective, there's actually an advantage to being able to provide  So we literally have three different ways in that country. People are coming in. People are coming in. Now in the US it's like 80% bank and 20% Bitcoin. But they could come in via cash if they have a friend who they want to hand cash to who owns Bitcoin. And we have people who tell me that they do that as well. I use local Bitcoins to get money into Abra for example. Now we're not integrated, they just do it on their own. And so once people get money in, where do you think this goes? So you've kind of built some functionality now that it's very obvious in terms of the value.  Yeah, but all these banking plays are basically doing the same thing as the banks themselves. They're partnering with banks, they're using the same core banking systems. They just operate faster because they're startups, they're more nimble, they have streamlined compliance systems. It's all basically about, in my opinion at least, better user experience, slicker design, some kind of marketing gimmick on the front end to incentivize you to come in, and things that are used to incentivize growth but in the steady state are unsustainable.  in the US to pounds in the UK or making a pound based card payment or using those pounds to buy crypto. It's all basically using a single global system that is perfectly legal in every country, provides the rails to get in and out of that system. So this is where Abra is laying the foundations to build that global bank now. And we want people who, we want to make it useful as we go. So everybody uses Abra to buy crypto today, it doesn't necessarily do it  advantage but since I've left has become very apparent to me is a company like Facebook has Now they're probably over 80 million small medium-sized businesses these SMBs And so if you think of them as kind of like retailers, right if you were to roll out a point of sale system or some sort of payments type product It's really a marketplace where you've got users who are the payers or the purchasers in that transaction and they've got people who can receive it I think a lot of the technology companies focus on  Talk about the existing systems, talk about Facebook, and then I think where I think it's really going. Today, the existing solutions assume that the banking rails are in place. Card networks basically assume, by and large, that the network, the social network of connecting consumers to each other, connecting consumers to merchants, is facilitated by the banks, and they act as a network that connects the dots. Like the internet is a network of networks. That's what the internet is. Card networks are a network of networks where the networks are the banks.  where the banks have less power within the big four networks globally. So expect that to happen internationally in the next 24 months. I would bet any amount of money you start to see stable coin-based settlement for card products which completely bypass the banks. Now let's relate that to the networks themselves. Well, the networks are the ones most threatened by social networks getting into payments because they're the ones that actually have created via brute force the social network fabric  And then they recently have started touting more and more the Facebook pay which is send fiat money in the regular world You know kind of legacy world across all of our apps and products. That's the short-term practical Way to make money using the it's like a long long-term strategy in a short-term strategy, right? No, they could have easily built Libra by the way using that model, right? But I actually think it's interesting that they chose to take a much more complex approach which long-term separates again that noun from the verb to say okay Let's separate the money from the actual banking services. We want to  people to use it and people think all people aren't going to trust Facebook and that's a bunch of crap right the average user isn't paying attention to this discussion of Cambridge Analytica and this trust that trust they just don't care not only in the US is that true but it's definitely true globally globally they're growing like crazy when I when I was there I won't show the exact use of the country and kind of what we were doing such but but basically from a structural standpoint Facebook had grown  let them do it.  you think that those people care about Cambridge Analytica or the meddling in the election? They're not one not even aware of it, let alone two, even if they did it. All they're saying is that happens in every country. That's right. What do you mean? Exactly. Most countries, it's legal to be a politician and a lobbyist. So, you know, it's only like in the US and Europe where or maybe Australia or Canada where we basically have this kind of, you know, unique vision on how the rest of the world should work vis-a-vis our own.  But we can say that for a second. And it's more of a, I don't think regulators will allow people to transact securities back and forth without them being able to step in and say, time out. Not now, for sure. But for sure, money and information, you would have to spend a lot of time to convince me otherwise that shouldn't be open and free. Well, Facebook solved the information one, right? And it basically said, look, now is it truly open and permissionless? No, but it's probably the best thing we have so far in terms of staying connected to people around the world,