 Guys bang bang I'm sitting here with the man the myth the legend Alan is here and just first of all thank you so much for coming to do this I know for those that don't know silver gate recently went public and he has been on the road for two plus weeks telling story after story and and fundraising so he's he's pretty  1990s in both retail and manufacturing. And so actually ran companies that needed banking services and then in the late 90s got back into banking. And it was a business bank. And so really liked being back on the other side of the table, helping businesses. And as we were just talking about, one thing I know being having run a business and then being back in banking, businesses just want their bank to work. They just don't want to think about it. Right. And so our whole goal is if we can just  that I was joining Silvergate, there was also this white paper being written about Bitcoin. I didn't know anything about it. I'm not a cypherpunk. And so we just went about building the bank. And because we were clean during the financial crisis coming out of that, we could lend when a lot of other banks were struggling. And so for the first few years, we were growing like crazy on the asset side, making loans. And ironically,  if you were a business and you had a banking relationship, you didn't want to lose it because there was so much turmoil coming out of the financial crisis. And so it was really difficult to kind of shift people's mindset to leave their bank and join a new one. And that's certainly understandable. So we just kept on lending and we were finding creative ways to fund the loans, opening CDs and doing a little internet banking.  that were being formed to provide infrastructure to this new thing called Bitcoin. It wasn't called crypto. It was Bitcoin only at the time. And so I learned that there were companies that were raising venture money. So they had deposits. They wanted to put them in a bank, Silver Gates Bank, and they were getting kicked out of their banks. And so obviously there was a reason they were getting kicked out.  And what was that risk that they perceived? Sure. So there were there were two things from a regulatory perspective. One was just a general sense in the United States where banks were kind of de-risking money service businesses, check cashing companies, payday lenders. You know, there was this whole kind of movement in the larger banks away from providing banking services to those money service businesses. And if you think about  you know bad actors and You know it was right around that time that Silk Road happened right and and so Big concern that the primary use case for Bitcoin at the time was for her, you know nefarious activity, right and and What people didn't really understand at the time was that well, you know if you're using Bitcoin for you know That kind of stuff you've got a higher probability getting caught right and and so  and still do. And so the first thing I did was called our compliance officer and I said, hey, have you heard about Bitcoin? And the great thing was she had. Oh, really? Yes. So she's now our chief operating officer. Her name is Kate Frere. And Kate immediately sent me articles. And so it's so cool because at Silvergate we've got this culture and just a whole bunch of folks who are curious, who were reading about stuff in their spare time. And so we started dialing.  that business, the first customer is somebody that you guys had actually known for a while. Let me tell the story a little bit about who that first customer was and how that all came together. Yeah, so it's funny how things in life work. So probably two or three years previous to that, I had met this company by the name of Second Market. And Second Market was founded by Barry Silver and his claim to fame or the way I heard of him in  that won liquidity. And there's all these privately owned independent banks across the country. And so that's how we met. Silver Gate up until a week ago was a privately owned company. And so we met, we talked about maybe doing something together, and that never really took off. Little did I know that I think Barry was already kind of starting to pay attention to Bitcoin.  risk is really here, then all of this is opportunity. We're talking about mispricers all the time. Absolutely. And so that's the way we looked at Bitcoin. And so in 2013, all of a sudden we start getting referrals from second market for companies in the Bitcoin space. And it just coincided with us looking at it.  They've made a lot of investments in companies over the years and a lot of those companies are now clients of Silvergate as well. It's amazing and it's so funny how Barry and Digital Currency Group have become a very important part of the ecosystem but in the very early days obviously, being that first customer, I think probably gave you some confidence that hey look, at least we've got one person to do this. Well yeah, and the other thing that was important is because we are regulated, we have to make sure that  But the cool thing was that we also went to school right away on understanding what it was they were doing. So in order for us to get comfortable that, so let's say that second market was facilitating the buying or selling of Bitcoin between two parties and the US dollars were going to go across Silvergate Bank's wire system, right? So what we were doing in January 2014 is we were asking for  a little bit about just like where you guys are from the size. I know in the perspective, you guys have shared a bunch of this, but more than 800 customers today and kind of just talk about where you got into it with the business. I mean, then we can go into kind of what those products are. Sure. So, yeah, today we have close to 800 customers. It started small, obviously, and I think by the end of 2000 and maybe 16, we still only had a couple dozen customers.  But we ended up banking some of the best, most well-respected companies in this little ecosystem. And then in 2016, we hired the other really important person in this story for just, you know, I mean, there are, first, let me say, there are over 200 employees at Silvergate who every day come to work figuring out how to just kind of kill it for our customers, you know? I mean, it's just, it's a huge thing.  didn't even represent 10% of the assets at the time. But we had great customers. And so Ben, what he did was he just went out to our customers and said, hey, I'm new, explain to me what you do, and how can we be more helpful? And it was out of that dialogue that the SEND was born. We would call it the Silvergate Exchange Network. Most of our customers call it the SEND. SEND for S-E-N, Silvergate Exchange Network.  API. And there are a lot of companies, a lot of banks in the country that have APIs for doing things like pulling an account balance or transaction history. There's probably less than two dozen banks in the US that actually have a transactional API that will allow you to transfer value. And so that was the really kind of aha moment for us is that we've got a lot of customers who are actually transacting with each other. But  and  because the reputation spread and the business took off. Yeah, I appreciate that. Yeah, so I still, I just feel very blessed that the timing worked out in such a way that we were working on this and that we were in the right place at the right time. And then obviously doing the right things, but that gets back to the team, back at the world headquarters of Silvergate in La Jolla. But they're living in Southern California.  days a week, 365 days a year, and you're transmitting fiat currency, primarily US dollars, although we have opened this up for other fiat currencies as well, and your money is there instantly. So, it's like Venmo for corporations. We joke about this, one of the guys back at the office jokes that his primary role in life is to connect 1970s legacy  we have an institutional focus. So when we talked earlier about the almost 800 customers, that's broken down into three categories. The first category would be exchanges, OTC desks, et cetera. And then we connect them with institutional investors. These are family offices, hedge funds, folks that are approaching digital currencies as an asset class. And so they're employing different investment strategies. And what they want to do  And you see that something's going on the crypto market in Asia and you want to put some money to work and You can do it log into your account at Silvergate push some money over onto whatever exchange You know you're working with or call your OTC desk. You know and say hey, you know I want to buy or sell And you can do it just like that and and so it's it's really been a game changer for our customers and then that has just Really just kind of helped grow the business because  But you're not a crypto company, right? You're still a legacy regulated financial institution that You look like a bank you smell like a bank right, you know, you walk like a bank so you're a bank and you provide necessary infrastructure to crypto companies, right? And I think there's two components that are important one is that connection or that support is a point of failure for the crypto industry, right? You know we've seen in countries like India where the regulator stepped in and said to the regulated financial institutions you are  for statements, etc. It's like how do you see this evolving over time as you continue to support these 700, 800 customers? So first to touch on bank specific regulation, we would not be able to do this were it not for the support of our regulators. And so the way that looked from the very beginning was in 2014, as soon as we started banking,  But we looked at it the same way then as we look at it today, which is we said, look, there's the different verticals. Some folks are approaching Bitcoin as an asset class, as a new asset. Some people are thinking about it as a payment rail. You can think about the BitPays of the world that are trying to disrupt the payment side of things. And we said, we're going to focus on this institutional market. And then the other thing we're going to do is focus on  These are the controls that we're putting in place. This is how we're monitoring, you know, the KYC, AML, et cetera. And by doing that, having that dialogue with the regulators early, prior to their next exam, it allowed them the opportunity to prepare for when they came in to do their annual exam. Okay. Fast forward now, for 2014, that was first year, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19. We just finished our sixth annual regulatory exam.  We've obviously now incorporated into our systems, right? And so our process has matured as the ecosystem has matured. So as we move forward, we continue to build our program and then we're essentially, we're customer driven. Everything that we do is in response to our customers. The SEND was born out of customer demand, our customer requests saying,  the Singapore dollar, et cetera. So we're enabling foreign currency exchange, which is something that Silvergate never did in the past, right? And so, but we also recognize our customers want to do it at scale, right? They're all thinking about scale. Yeah, there's scale and they're global, right? It's the two big components that this industry probably more than most has when a business starts on day one to global business. Exactly. So we stood up a foreign currency desk earlier this year and we're in the  So one of the things we're working on right now is the ability to provide leverage to customers who are long Bitcoin. And because of the 24-7 nature of the market and the 24-7 nature of SIN, again, I think we're probably one of the only banks in the world that has the capacity, the capability to actually do something like this. You can think of it as kind of in traditional kind of margin lending  of launching a pilot this quarter. And so we're gonna do it small to start with the same way we got into this initiative. Let's get some of the very, our best customers on both sides of the sand. And they're already trading with each other, they're already customers. They're customers of the exchange, they're customers of us. And then let's figure out how we can offer them credit. And so we're working on that right now.  and  recognizing that we're a bank. And believe me, when you catch the bug, and I've heard people say, go down the rabbit hole, whatever metaphor you want to use here, and then you happen to be in this position where you have access to all these OGs, there is a temptation to want to run off and do all of this  That lane can be pretty broad, but we don't need to go out and do some of these other kind of esoteric blockchain things. We just need to solve problems for our customers. And as long as we're being responsive to what our customers are asking us for, and it's legal and permissible for us to do it, then we've got just an incredible amount of opportunity. And we don't need to go out and look for the next thing. So we don't have skunkworks at the bank trying to figure out, gosh,  are pushing into the banking industry. What's kind of your take running a bank that's been very successful in a specific vertical right now, so you're growing very quickly. How do you look at the balance between these large technology companies that for all intents and purposes probably have better technologists, right, just resource-wise than most of the financial industry. But the financial industry understands finance, banking, regulations much better than the tech companies. Like how do you see this playing out over time? Yeah, so it's interesting. The announcement  Facebook have distribution. And we recognize at Silvergate, we don't have distribution right now. We're certainly... You're building it. We're building it. And in the institutional market, I would say we're building that distribution. But the distribution of having millions, hundreds of millions and billions of retail consumer customers,  And so if and when there's an opportunity to work with some of those folks, I think we're well positioned. But in the meantime, we're gonna focus on solving the needs of our existing customers. And I'm pretty confident that there will be an intersection there at some point, but we're not gonna try to compete with the behemoths that have all the  I trust them with my computer, etc. Why would I not trust them with banking? And there's plenty of people who say there's data issues, there's privacy, there's all of these potential concerns. But for the most part, I think people feel pretty positive about Google, Apple, Facebook, etc. Is this a world where the finance industry is going to need them to continue to build trust? Or do you think that there's folks like Silvergate who they start to specialize?  have happened to understand the problems better and you can really build a moat around certain industries and then go try to replicate in other niche industries as well. Yeah, so I certainly think that the bigger guys can do the fast follow strategy, right? And so, when you think about competitive moats, the whole reason in 2016 we hired Ben and said, hey, we've got something here, we need to figure out what we do next is because our  And we really do have this two-sided network now, right, where we've got the exchanges and the OTC desks, we've got the institutional investors, and every time we add a new institutional investor, it creates value for the exchanges. Every time we add another exchange or OTC desk, it creates value for all the other institutional investors. So it's this virtuous loop. And so do I think that someone else can come in and replicate  And so, network effects are just incredibly difficult. Now, you also talked about trust, right? You can lose a network effect if you lose trust, right? And so, now, having said that, we've seen the example with Libra, but why has Libra come under such a tack? Because of some of the issues with Facebook, right? And the- So, Facebook issue, not a Libra issue, in most cases. Yeah, I think that's spot on. But even with that, so with all the issues, people have  Facebook sucks and they're stealing our data and all stuff. My general take is probably people outside the United States, they're like, man, Facebook's pretty powerful. It connects me to my friends and family. Many people in the world, they don't, that's how they access the internet. They're accessing, they're doing it with Facebook on their phone. I do think the West and particularly the US,  How cool is it? So you got Jack Dorsey who founds Twitter, right? And then Square, and then with the Cash app, comes full circle with Square Crypto, and people are fighting about that on Twitter. So I mean it's- So it's funny you bring him up. I still think he is highly underrated in the industry in terms of how important he will become. So he's important today for sure.  Is this hey, I want to understand my users on Twitter and swear or is what I immediately think through is you know? There's a world where actually Westerners are last to understanding the importance of Bitcoin in crypto because we do have banking We do have the dollar we have a credit card right you know that there's all these infrastructure in place Yeah African countries Asian countries South American countries like there's a lot of people who actually don't have that stuff available to them right and if you think about the difference between if I have to sign up for a US bank account  Yeah, it's I think a lot about just you know our Westerners almost too spoiled to see the opportunity Yeah, no and and I mean sir certainly in crypto. That's that's that's the case I think where you know there there are so many folks in non-western you know the non-western world that that that kind of get what you know kind of the Some of the core underlying values and opportunity is with Bitcoin, you know the stuff that you were just articulating  But but but but if you think about it, you know, I mean in a digital world You know, what other asset is there that has the digital scarcity of Bitcoin now folks don't understand it It's still early, you know, but give it another you know a couple of decades and it still will have nothing compared to the 5,000 years of you know of gold but But things are moving a lot faster now, too Yeah, for sure what um, what's been the one thing that you kind of sit back and say in 2013 when I jumped into this  Everyone was going to be able to be their own bank and as I shared earlier I've been banking my entire career and I was like, oh, what am I gonna do? Yeah And so I thought I'm gonna try this and you know and and Even though I'm not you know, I'm not a super techie guy deep in the weeds. I try everything, you know, I just want to see how it works and and so So I bought some Bitcoin and then the price ran up to a thousand bucks, you know  would have been