 Whoa! Before we get started, I want to go over the four sponsors for this episode who make all this possible. They're fantastic, so go show them some love. The first is the best URL in the industry, crypto.com. They're a crypto platform with one goal, driving mass adoption. That's why we're all here, right? To get every human on earth a digital wallet and to get them using digital currencies. Crypto.com's helping people do that through buying, earning, lending, and a new  you can go to coinmind.com slash pump order a coin mine It'll arrive at your door and you simply take out of the box plug it in and connect to your Wi-Fi You'll be mining your favorite crypto in five minutes or less. It is honestly magical I have one running right now here in the office and it's super quiet Scott No heat and every person that comes in the office asked what is that? Every single person asked it's a coin mine The best part to me is that the coin mine comes with a mobile app that's super slick and the company continues to push over-the-air updates to the device that add functionality  with our third sponsor for this episode, BlockFi. BlockFi is one of my favorite companies in crypto because they allow users to deposit their assets in a deposit account and immediately start earning interest. Think about it. If you keep your digital assets on an exchange or in cold storage, you aren't benefiting from any yield on the asset. With BlockFi, they allow you to deposit crypto and then get paid interest on a monthly basis in crypto. Deposit Bitcoin and want to get your interest payment in ETH? You can do it. Deposit Bitcoin and want to get your interest payment in Bitcoin?  been ahead of almost every trend in crypto. He built eToro to help people buy, sell, and trade cryptocurrencies, but he added a few twists, social trading, copy trading, and virtual trading accounts. Social trading is a feature where every asset available on the platform has its own separate social feed where people talk about the asset, share trading ideas and analysis, and even include various charts or graphs. Virtual trading accounts is targeted at beginners. If you're just starting out and want to try trading with play money, eToro will give you a virtual account with $100,000 in it to test,  What's up everyone? This is Anthony Pompliano.  Yeah, I'm excited to make my debut Jesus Alright, let's start with the first question. Okay. This one comes from at crypto Nero How many years did you ignore this space before being convinced you saying you started with ETH mining was surprising? Yeah, actually what I made you were not into Bitcoin Yeah, so I think that I couldn't say that I ignored The industry it was more of I just was ignorant to it. I didn't I didn't know it I didn't know  started with with eth mining with GPUs. What's the next one? At JTV 95 wants to know the justice system hasn't been built for the internet. Lots of online crimes don't even get looked into. Do you think there will be a justice system built for the internet? If so, how do you think it could work? Yeah, it's a great question. I think that there's two ways to think about quote unquote justice. Some of it is preventative. Some of it is reaction  at age, especially in financial services, is more of a proactive approach to justice or law enforcement, where basically the software has the rules coded into it and it prevents you from being able to do things. Again, especially in financial services where there's heavy regulation, I think that that is a trend that's becoming more popular. Now, with that said, there's a flip side to it, which is people should still have free choice and freedom and individual liberties.  I can't believe we did that.  is the idea that the meat that we eat today is natural. I think that you see things with impossible foods beyond meat, et cetera. It would not surprise me at all if there's an ethical argument that ends up getting made around the inhumane treatment of animals and therefore the lab grown meat becomes more popular and eventually becomes dominant. Now, there's a lot of questions around how is that scientifically healthy and what those impacts are  And so I think that's again, that's something that people will just look back and say, wow, I can't believe they just sit in the car. And so that'll be something to pay attention to. This is a good one from Elja Boom. What is your next goal? Be clear, be as clear as possible. Ooh, my next goal. That's a really good question. I think I've got a whole bunch of different goals. Most of my goals end up being pretty long term stuff. You know, for me,  the big goals for me is to figure out YouTube. And what that really looks like is can I go from the six, seven thousand subscribers that we have today to a hundred thousand subscribers by the end of 2020. I think would kind of show that we've gotten the mastery of that platform, how the algorithms work, the type of content people want, kind of the distribution, but then also the systems in place on the content creation side. And so if you think about it from why is that important, now we basically  What are their reasons for saying no and how has this changed over the years? Yep So there's every I think conversations different the largest conversations or I'm sorry the largest family offices those conversations What I've taken away from it is like the easy answer is we're gonna do nothing So when you're presented with a new idea, it takes some forward thinking some courage and takes action to follow even if you buy into You know kind of the picture  If you can convince people, they'll take action. But then there's another group, and I think the group you're hinting at here, which is the group that hears the pitch and then decides not to do something. And that group is really doing it because they don't believe in it, or they don't think it's a good investment opportunity. And usually those come down to, one, there's regulatory uncertainty in their opinion, so they're not interested. Two, they're worried about custody or volatility. A third thing is they just are kind of like fiat maximalists.  non-correlated asset with an asymmetric upside and the impact it can have on our portfolio given the modern portfolio theory. And so I think that's really where we try to focus more is just using math and data to show them what an asset like this can do for their portfolio. And obviously we've been we've been pretty fortunate to find some like minded individuals there and we'll continue to do that.  One, have some sort of electricity generation, so you can think of just having a generator, you know, solar or something like that. Two is that you got to be able to get an internet connection established. And some people, I think, in Venezuela were showing that they could literally get it via satellite and kind of get out. And so the beauty of kind of the grid going down for something like Bitcoin is that as long as you yourself can get internet and electricity, then you can connect to that network because it's always running.  and pretty much spent most of my day working out. And then obviously the weapons proficiency was important given what we were doing on a day-to-day basis. So I spent a lot of time on that. And then as I talked about a ton, I specifically read a lot of books, but there were three specific ones that were quite foundational to my life. I read Rich Dad, Port Ad by Robert Kiyosaki, The Richest Man in Babylon,  solely on necessities and save the rest to increase their wealth. This would obviously crush economic growth and therefore is my biggest concern about BTC.  very similar structures to what Bitcoin is today. And so I think that what we have to remember here is that the fiat experiment is actually quite short. It's only been around since about 1971. And so we've got, you know, give or take 50 years of this experiment. And yes, there has been incredible economic growth, but also there's been incredible economic issues as well. And so there's a strong belief, I think, among a lot of people that that inflationary experiment, what we're starting to see  of  use  a  start accepting Bitcoin and crypto more regularly?  people who are working hard to do this. There's a lot of companies that have built technology to kind of help facilitate this. So I think we're on our way. But it takes time and the more people we have out there, the better. At Canadian HODL, what if first world governments choose to ban Bitcoin to retain financial control? Similar to the gold ban, is this plausible? Look, anything's possible. It's definitely a world where I think more and more people are paying  It's plausible, but I don't think that we're near that happening anytime soon. And so, you know, I think it's Matt Odell who's one of these guys who puts it well. He goes, look, prepare for the worst and kind of plan accordingly, but also understand that, you know, we're still very early in the stages of this and you see the central banks trying to wrap their heads around, you know, what is this stuff? Should we be participating in it? And so I don't think that's something to worry about kind of in the short term.  directionally correct. And so as you know, we get more information, I'm sure people will kind of reevaluate and morph their opinions. But I think that's a generally held belief right now. At Chaka 321, what's the most important movie you have ever seen? The most important movie I've ever seen? It's a really good question. I don't know if I've got the most important movie. But there's a there's a bunch of movies that I really like for those that don't know.  Musical, but I like that story and kind of the family components to it, etc. I like Cinderella man I think that's a good one Four Brothers is another one And then I am notorious for probably having watched every war movie known to mankind But but all of those I think are up there and then one other one that I think people probably wouldn't expect And I I'm gonna get the name incorrect. So I should figure it out and put in like the show notes is  But I think that that's a pretty powerful movie for those that feel like they're locked into a little monkey cage in the cubicle. Tell them how you make me watch movie trailers. And I hate it. So I'm regretting already having Paulina come help me with this. But there's a joke that we saw online which perfectly emulated this, which was if you ever want to go watch an movie and you don't know what you want to watch, well, the best way to figure out what the movie to watch is to watch all the movie trailers.  the first to break tradition and embrace Bitcoin deposits, transfers, and transactions?  Maraud and I I don't think I'll ever top the episode we recorded He he he came in and it was the right time. It was the perfect message he articulated. It's so kind of eloquently That it just you know, it got a lot of attention for all the right reasons And so I think that's probably the number one episode. I remember recording Other ones that stick out in my mind. I remember the one I did with Caitlin long. She was one of the first  I would also say that some of the conversations I've had that weren't so Bitcoin native also are quite interesting. And so anytime that I can talk to somebody who's really smart and has a lot of ideas and can articulate them well, I love to sit down with them and talk.  All you gotta do is go to coinmine.com. You buy a coin mine. It's like an Xbox or a PlayStation that helps you turn your electricity into Bitcoin. That's right. You purchase it. It shows up at your doorstep. You pull it out of the box. You plug it in, connect to your Wi-Fi, five minutes or less, you're mining Bitcoin. All you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide. And then you receive over-the-air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over-the-air updates  Take your Bitcoin, you can deposit it with BlockFi and get paid an interest rate of 6% in return. Go check out blockfi.com slash pump again blockfi.com slash pump to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today.  transactions. Like I think that Bitcoin is a really quiet beast when you look at the hash rate and the transactions and all the things that are happening there. I think people are drastically underestimating what it can do. And so paying attention to that's going to be important as well. Great. Okay. This is Abhinav Agarwal, 94. Give us three reasons why the government should adopt Bitcoin slash cryptocurrency. Yeah.  Is not manipulating their currency they can trust that you're not manipulating yours because you guys are using something that is outside of the control of both of you And it's fully transparent and you can and verifiable So I think that's kind of one two is the fiat experiment probably doesn't work over a really long period of time And so I think that's gonna end up being something that's important to pay attention to and so just like individuals should have kind of that chaos hedge or Smuck insurance, I think that government's doing that as well makes sense  world and the most secure computer in the world. So I think that that's a third reason and an economic argument as to what they should be doing with it. At irritated wasp, in your opinion, what gives billionaires reason to be pessimistic about BTC? What would or could produce optimism for them? And does this matter? What got them here is not what we're talking about. If you're a billionaire, and especially if you're, you know, quote unquote self made, or you didn't inherit the money, the dollar denominated inflationary  I think billionaires are wealthy folks who realize just because what got me here doesn't mean it's going to get me there. Right? And so there's the world's changing. And when the world changes, I need to reevaluate from a first principle standpoint what the future looks like. And so those folks are hard at work trying to understand that. At Clint Beastwood 1, what are the most important three books you have ever read and what's on your reading list currently? Yeah, so the three most important books, Rich,  effect which is all about kind of our DNA and how it relates to aging. Basically the DNA strand at the end of your DNA has something that is over generalized in a simple or simplistic way similar to like the plastic caps on the end of your shoelaces that kind of close off the DNA strand and as you have a more stressful life you sleep less you eat worse you don't exercise etc those plastic caps or those  to support you for the rest of your life?  start to get into a world where that's your advantage. I think you'll be in a good position. And then in terms of should the machine actually support you, fuck no. I think that the idea is most people are monetizing their physical labor or their intellectual labor, right? And that's how they're getting paid. But one of the things that we all do is we create a lot of data. I've talked pretty extensively about the idea that all of that data eventually you're gonna own, you'll hold it in a wallet,  have to permission them in to do that and in exchange for you giving up your data to be included in the data set, then you'll get paid something. And so I think that we can get to a world where kind of the basic needs of a human are met by simply allowing them to monetize that data. It's not going to happen overnight. It's going to take some while to get there, but I definitely think that that's going to be a much kind of more capitalistic approach to solving the problem rather than kind of a more socialist, hey, either the machine or the government should take care of you.  not as many people as we would think it is. But at the same time, one of the things I've started to talk a lot about with institutional investors is, you know, the last question is like, well, you can't buy coffee with it. Or people don't buy coffee with it. And what I explained to them is you probably don't buy coffee with dollars, right? What you're likely doing is when you go into that coffee shop, you're swiping, using credit, and then you're paying off the credit card at the end of the month. And so when that happens,  And we're 11 years into this thing, and so I think we've just got to be patient and understand that time's on the side of Bitcoin.  To get the support of people and so I don't think that a Bitcoin will end up changing it It's all I got for you. That's it. All right guys. Thanks so much. I appreciate it Go go follow Polina on the internet. She she loves when everyone from the crypto world tweets at her I'm joking because she has a in the notification