 Whoa, before we get started, I want to go over the four sponsors for this episode who make all this possible. They're fantastic. So go show them some love. The first is the best URL in the industry, crypto.com. They're a crypto platform with one goal, driving mass adoption. That's why we're all here, right? To get every human on earth a digital wallet and to get them using digital currencies. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending, and a new card payment. Everything you could want is at crypto.com.  It'll arrive at your door and you simply take out of the box plug it in and connect to your Wi-Fi You'll be mining your favorite crypto in five minutes or less. It is honestly magical I have one running right now here in the office and it's super quiet It's got no heat and every person that comes in the office asks. What is that? Every single person asks It's a coin mine the best part to me is that the coin mine comes with a mobile app That's super slick and the company continues to push over-the-air updates to the device that add functionality add tokens that can be mined or increase the efficiency of the device  BlockFi is one of my favorite companies in crypto because they allow users to deposit their assets in a deposit account and immediately start earning interest. Think about it. If you keep your digital assets on an exchange or in cold storage, you aren't benefiting from any yield on the asset. With BlockFi, they allow you to deposit crypto and then get paid interest on a monthly basis in crypto. Deposit Bitcoin and want to get your interest payment in ETH? You can do it. Deposit Bitcoin and want to get your interest payment in Bitcoin? You can do it. The rates at BlockFi are currently some of the best in the industry.  people buy, sell, and trade cryptocurrencies. But he added a few twists, social trading, copy trading, and virtual trading accounts. Social trading is a feature where every asset available on the platform has its own separate social feed where people talk about the asset, share trading ideas and analysis, and even include various charts or graphs. Virtual trading accounts is targeted at beginners. If you're just starting out and want to try trading with play money, eToro will give you a virtual account with $100,000 in it to test, learn, and get comfortable. And so then that brings us to copy trading.  Get started by going to eToro.com. Again, that is eToro.com, where the entire team's ready to get you started in just a few clicks. And don't forget, go subscribe to the Off The Chain daily newsletter. You can go to offthechain.substack.com. I write a letter of news, analysis, and opinion every morning that goes out to more than 40,000 investors. See you there.  I really enjoyed this conversation and I hope you do as well.  college and realized no one's gonna trust a 20-something year old kid with all their money so I figured I need to go leverage the big brand names that were out there see if I couldn't use them to get my foot in the door speak with wealthy clients talk about their financial planning went to a five trillion dollar asset manager used their brand name to open a bunch of doors was working on retirement plans and financial investment portfolios for companies like Oracle, TimeWear Cable,  Tiger Woods, when he will go into the golf course, he'll actually start at the 18th hole and walk backwards. So we can try to help clients identify everything that they're going to need in retirement, how much money they're going to spend doing the income planning first. We can walk that back to a realistic number on, hey, you can save XYZ or you can get your investment portfolio to this number. You shouldn't have any worry about being able to retire successfully. Yeah. And so like what is the average number? Would you say  year of top line income. Couple that with Social Security which we can of course get into see if that's gonna work out long term. I do is the short answer. But couple that with any pension Social Security should be all right. Got it. And so as you're sitting down with these folks maybe let's go through kind of somebody walks in the door as a new client. You basically say all right let's start at the end with the income planning on the retirement side. And then as you walk backwards  behavioral focused. We want to understand your relationship with risk. There's two ways to think about it. Clients will call us or coming off the street and the first thing they want to talk about is what's this hot stock tip? What are they talking about on the radio that's going to give me double my investment portfolio in six weeks? Generally, that's because they've done a poor job planning, they didn't save enough money, now they feel like they need to take a lot of risk to get to their number to be able to retire. The flip side of that is we  a lot of people their mentality growing up, you think about our parents, our grandparents, who they were waiting in line for gas and bread and they weren't able to get the things that they needed to go to work and live their lives. They have a really different relationship with money where it's more of a scarcity mindset. Oftentimes people were able to get jobs when they were younger, they have all these advantages from their parents saving all this money, they were able to take a little more risk. So now the relationship with money is, hey, I have enough money in my bank account  So obviously inflation's eating away at it. But two is that's a strategy of saving. But if you took that same million dollars of cash flow and you had some way to reinvest those profits and you could turn that million dollars into two million three million four million dollars it would pay quite literally to continue to reinvest your profits into your business. But in order to do that and have the confidence to do that you really got to have a pretty good handle on your business and understand the machine that you're building in  and the bank is gonna lend you $800,000 at 3.5, 4% right now. I mean, it's unheard of the level of interest rate. If you leave that money, your savings account, you're making two. Now, if you're comfortable investing that money and not putting 100% down on your home, what's the delta that you can make? If you're borrowing money just the same way you put it before at 3.5% from the bank and your investments are kicking off a 8% return, you're making 5.5%, 4%,  Yeah, it is exactly true what you're saying and it's not always for good reason. You know, we grew up in this Instagram culture where people see all this wealth and all this wealth is flaunted. Everyone drives a nice car, but what you don't realize is that they're leasing it. Thinking about some of our wealthiest clients, they drive cars that they bought 11 years ago and they've never made a car payment in their entire life. But also, they're taking a plane that they own whenever they're going on vacation with their families. They're not posting that online. No one's seeing that. Versus the 25-year-old client  From an individual's perspective, how do you guys think about portfolio construction and really talking about traditional assets outside of crypto? What is that conversation like with the various types of clients you guys have? We're putting together any investment recommendations. We have the ability to go out and look at every investment vehicle under the sun. We want to screen it through our own process to identify now, is this, we'll just use public equities for an example, is this stock set to  Is this going to be backed by some tailwinds? Is there a momentum that's on our side for this asset to rise and to rise quickly? What's the weirdest investment you guys have ever evaluated? The strangest story we had was I think it was 2017. We invested in Weight Watchers and it was over the last 20 years that Fortress has been around the largest single stock holding in any portfolio. And what happened?  So not stocks and bonds and kind of your traditional assets, but the whole private equity venture capital, even some people put real estate in there, etc. Like how do you guys deal with that? So I hate that I'm going to tee you up perfectly. This is exactly what you want to hear, but it is the truth and you guys worded a little differently. I do want to call you out about that. We're looking at ALTS as an asset class, which I don't think they should be described as that, but regardless, we want non-correlated market assets.  at risk. We're doing our job. How does Bitcoin play into that? Really the compliance nightmare question of the century is how do you answer clients questions when they are online listening to you listening to CNBC talk about this day in day out and they're looking at it more often than not unfortunately as a hey I saw this thing go from $100 a few years ago to $15,000 and if I put in  people come in asking about it, price goes down a lot in 2018 and everyone kind of goes away. As price recovers in 19 people come back and start asking again or was it a pretty persistent kind of interest level throughout all those price movements? No way. People are short term bias. They're generally pessimistic and really one of the huge investment risks that's our job to help people avoid is people get anchored in their own history bias. So they heard about Bitcoin for the first time, what was it, two years ago now when it was at the absolute  And so those people today, where do you think their interest lies? Are they, hey, I bought the top and I sold it somewhere on the way down. I lost money. I don't ever want to talk about that thing again. Are they interested in it from a pure speculation standpoint? Do they maybe have done more work and now they look at it from as a technology in an alternative form of currency? Like where do they kind of fall on that spectrum in general?  opinion and kind of a conversation around philosophy but not investment advice. How do you think about Bitcoin as a non-correlated asset or asymmetric asset or is it more of, yeah maybe that stuff's true but it's just a speculative thing for right now and so it's okay for people that want to get some exposure but keep it really small and capped. I think people that are a lot smarter than us understand history and are able to identify  Admittedly and full disclosure I do own some of it. It's not enough That's going to you know make a huge difference in my portfolio in the near term But hey if you and these other loud guys on Twitter are right. I'll be cheering all the way How's the macro economy playing to this what do you think's going on there? This is probably what really plays to client conversations So our average client, let's say is 45 years old. They are a doctor executive  think on your retirement plan 40 years from now when you retire or when you're thinking you could potentially run out of money. On the flip side, when you see these countries like Venezuela who have hyperinflation, who are completely corrupt, you see them going into the banks and just taking the money out. This is something to actually be concerned about. And I'm not saying that will ever happen in the United States, but we do want to have international exposure to stocks and client portfolios. And this geopolitical risk does exist. There's no way to hedge it out completely.  in the beginning or do you think that it doesn't really matter what happens, you guys try to be prepared throughout any sort of macro environment?  We talk too much about what's going to happen and not enough about how we are going to react to it. That's where people make mistakes. We see people that were invested up and through the financial crisis in 2008-2009. They got out of the market. They saw just enough to where they felt comfortable. They never got back in. And again, they feel like geniuses. But when you go back, you see that you miss an incredible unheard of rally. And they are the ones that are cheering for the next crash. Our clients that are younger, that 24-year-old,  a lot of financial advisors roles, banks roles, other kind of financial service organizations, et cetera. How do you guys see, probably especially with the younger generation of clients, the role for those FinTech platforms versus what people would consider more traditional advice and kind of help that you guys can provide? Yeah, we're very bullish on how technology can help us serve as clients.  I wonder if there's clients who literally just have cash positions because they're so scared of what's going on in all the products. You're absolutely right. We love cash. Viewed as an asset class. It is an investment. I remember a story Mark told about what was like a nine-figure client had all his money in one bank that I couldn't even pick out on a map. You know, these are insured up to $250,000. That's not really helpful when you have $100 million. Yeah.  United States. True. Right. I saw a stat from a coin metrics Nick Carter and those guys that last year in 2018 bitcoins adjusted on chain transaction volume. So this is not exchange traded volume. And this is adjusted for things like mixers or exchanges, etc. Right. So it's doing its best job to figure out what is actual economic activity that's on chain.  could I be moving it between two of my own accounts? It's really hard to tell what the purpose is, but just the fact that $750 billion of transaction volume on chain in some adjusted manner, you know, $750 billion is a pretty big number. You know, it's really interesting. I got an email last week. What was that huge exchange that closed down? So this is back to your point about there are so many of these robo advisors that are going to disrupt the industry of financial services.  and the less creative aspects of jobs, it actually makes advice and the creative components more valuable. Right. So it's a thing where the machines are really good at doing kind of work that is repetitive or somewhat mundane and they're really good at like computations, etc. But in terms of the actual creativity, human ingenuity, right. And the advice component machines are still pretty bad at that compared to the best humans.  every bill pay. I don't want to think about any of that. Yeah. I mean, look, if you go on the black market, I can definitely buy your stuff. You can have it for free, right? Then we made 10 bucks. For sure. And so what about like custody and other aspects of Bitcoin? So not just the asset itself, but like, let's say a client walks in and says, Hey, I want Bitcoin in my portfolio. How do you guys think about the options to get exposure for that client? And what are some of the risks or obstacles there?  it's hey, you're real worried about the fees now you're paying a 30% premium on this asset. Okay, well, like where exactly do you think it's going? How are you? You know, everything else you're talking about you sound like a value investor, but now you're paying a 30% premium really going against the grand your investment policy here. Yeah. And so is it custody is the big obstacle once somebody decides they want it or there are other things? Custody and compliance are generally the big obstacles with all of this. And this is why I don't think the adoption is  to us to say, hey, we want to put, what are you trying to do? 1%, that's still a lot of dollars. And there's a lot of risk to congressmen and senators everywhere. Maybe, but if you look, I think, at the fiat system, there's more money laundering that goes on in the fiat system. There's way more risk, I think, in the fractional reserve system, as you see with things like the global financial crisis, et cetera, versus a bear asset that is not participating  The early medieval times of the Middle East is where most people think it happened probably somewhere in like 70 to 100 AD and then eventually made its way to Europe and was popularized by two separate folks. One was a merchant who started using it, I think it's around like 1300 AD and then eventually one of the Medici family members started using it at the Medici bank and that's really kind of where it became super popular and now obviously the entire  because it's being built on the back of the internet. Yeah, you can innovate and you can, you know, we certainly believe that innovation is happening more rapidly than ever. This is hyperbolic innovation that you're describing. If you're not on the front end of that, you're gonna miss out. Yeah. What's the biggest mistakes you see, especially younger clients make? So let's call it sub 40 years old.  just 50% of Americans can't come up with $400 for an emergency bill. Yeah, it's terrifying. And when you look at it from us about younger people, but let me jump to the older people right now. $1.2 million to retire is a pipe dream to most people. I think the average 401k balance is under $40,000. If you were going to spend that in a year or two. Yeah. So what do those people do? Just keep working. Sad, sad reality. There's a  but it is just a thing of starting early gives you a massive advantage. Oh my goodness. Humans are not that smart. And this is the easiest example on how to figure that out. Under appreciating the power of compounding is the biggest mistake that anyone can make. And the easiest way to put it read this Bill Gates quote a while back. You know, you can ask anyone like two times two is four, you know, 10 times 10 is 100, but I asked him what 17 times 21 is.  most of them making less money than our average clients now, and they still had successful retirements, but you can't overspend. You can't live beyond your means. It's not rocket science. It's just not what people want to hear. Yeah. It's basically, look, whatever you make, you got to spend less, right? You've got to be disciplined in kind of executing an intelligent plan, and then you need to leverage compounding in time. Right. Yeah. No, it's like, if I can figure it out, anybody can figure it out. It's based on percentages.  which is easier said than done. There's going to be some drawdowns. You're going to need to stay invested. You're going to be big dollar amounts later on in life, but that's going to be able to kick off the annualized salary that you're used to receiving in retirement because things do slow down. Generally, people spend about 80% of their take or their current spending in retirement. Think things naturally go down here. You're spending, you're not traveling to work, you're not buying,  lower their tax burden or tax payments. Is that one actually helpful to those rich people? And then two kind of everyday people, you know, is it helpful to folks like us who want to, you know, they read about this stuff, but they don't actually know, like, should I be worried about taxes? Or is it just, you know, kind of the MTV version of the world? If you want to see someone lose their mind, or if you want to fill a room with people, tell them that you're going to save the money on taxes. It's the best, you know,  but no one wants to pay any taxes. It's like, hey, let's just level set a little bit. What does everyone think is fair? It's probably roughly what you're paying. So what do you think about like the wealth tax?  that  to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today.  is you're transferring capital from the best capital allocators in the world, which tend to be successful business owners, large wealthy families or individuals. And the reason why they're the best capital allocators is that's how they've built those big businesses or wealth, et cetera. And you're transferring that from the best capital allocators to notoriously the worst, which is governments. Yeah, I can agree with that. It would be crazy if that  years to a council of the most successful business owners in America. I love it. Well who was it? What was the was like the Roman Empire where you didn't run for office. They forced you to do it. That's how I think it should happen. If you're running to be for office or for president