 Whoa, before we get started, I want to go over the four sponsors for this episode who make all this possible. They're fantastic. So go show them some love. The first is the best URL in the industry, crypto.com. They're a crypto platform with one goal, driving mass adoption. That's why we're all here, right? To get every human on earth a digital wallet and to get them using digital currencies. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending, and a new card payment. Everything you could want is at crypto.com.  It'll arrive at your door and you simply take out of the box plug it in and connect to your Wi-Fi You'll be mining your favorite crypto in five minutes or less. It is honestly magical I have one running right now here in the office and it's super quiet It's got no heat and every person that comes in the office asks. What is that? Every single person asks It's a coin mine the best part to me is that the coin mine comes with a mobile app That's super slick and the company continues to push over-the-air updates to the device that add functionality add tokens that can be mined or increase the efficiency of the device  BlockFi is one of my favorite companies in crypto because they allow users to deposit their assets in a deposit account and immediately start earning interest. Think about it. If you keep your digital assets on an exchange or in cold storage, you aren't benefiting from any yield on the asset. With BlockFi, they allow you to deposit crypto and then get paid interest on a monthly basis in crypto. Deposit Bitcoin and want to get your interest payment in ETH? You can do it. Deposit Bitcoin and want to get your interest payment in Bitcoin? You can do it. The rates at BlockFi are currently some of the best in the industry.  people buy, sell, and trade cryptocurrencies. But he added a few twists, social trading, copy trading, and virtual trading accounts. Social trading is a feature where every asset available on the platform has its own separate social feed where people talk about the asset, share trading ideas and analysis, and even include various charts or graphs. Virtual trading accounts is targeted at beginners. If you're just starting out and want to try trading with play money, eToro will give you a virtual account with $100,000 in it to test, learn, and get comfortable. And so then that brings us to copy trading.  Get started by going to eToro.com. Again, that is eToro.com, where the entire team's ready to get you started in just a few clicks. And don't forget, go subscribe to the Off The Chain daily newsletter. You can go to offthechain.substack.com. I write a letter of news, analysis, and opinion every morning that goes out to more than 40,000 investors. See you there.  we discuss graduating from Harvard, what it is like producing music with Jay-Z and Kanye, how Ryan discovered entrepreneurship, what his big idea behind Superphone is, and then Ryan tells us a bunch of awesome behind the scenes stories that you don't want to miss. I really enjoyed this conversation and I hope you do as well.  All right, let's get first of all. Let's just start with the music stuff I think most people know you as a musician for all of your music walk us through how do you Frankly just kill it in music for so long. Yeah, I moved to New York City on an unpaid internship in 2003 and this is Five six years after I got out of college told my well I went to Harvard right of all places to Have a start in music Harvard University right told my dad I wanted to do  And then be actually having two of probably the most polarizing and at the same time most exciting executives and just personalities in the music business as mentors and I was Sean Diddy Combs and Tommy Matola man and so that first year or those first two years I worked with everybody my first record was a Was a record for Beyonce on the bad boys to movie soundtrack called keep giving your love to  to the MySpace music charts at the time. And he didn't just introduce me to the charts, he also came with a game plan and that game plan was that he actually was like, yo, I can control the MySpace keyword. And I said, well, what does that even mean? He said, well, look, MySpace isn't bidding on their own keyword because they're already the number one organic Google search result for the keyword MySpace. But we can own two through eight organic based on some SEO, SEM. And so, man, I took my girlfriend at the time  650,000 units sold. 650,000 friends on MySpace, 650,000 units sold. And that's when I really knew that I had a real passion for disruption. And being able to sort of turn the entire model for the music business upside down was really kind of that first foray for me into just technology and the marriage of technology  Watch the throne did a bunch of sessions with them. Yeah, you know I just I got a bunch of questions. Let's go Let's start with what was the job that you were coming unpaid internship? What were you supposed to be doing when you first came? Yeah, so what was happening is that you know puffy had a team of producers that was called a hitman and Puffy's got a favorite line that says take hits from the 80s and make it sound so crazy The issue with taking hits from the 80s making it sound so crazy is that when the song blows up  that he could place on top of them so that when a record hit we could actually legitimately split the earnings instead of having to pay a third party and so that's what I did. That's what I came in again. What's Puffy like? Oh, he's amazing, man. He's amazing. What's the first thing you remember about him? Man, to be honest, the first thing I really remember about Puffy is that he had so much of a presence and influence on Harvard  He had every element that I expected him to have, an incredible tenacity, an incredible work ethic, an incredible sort of discernment for the kinds of people that he wanted to have around him, and a real love for music and a real love for entrepreneurship. And he really exemplified, I think, what my homie Asaph Ferg is continuing to bear the torch for, and that is just like that Harlem hustler mentality, man. And so when I moved to New York,  So inspirational, man. So, you know, when you see everything that's been happening for listeners, if you're unfamiliar, go back and check out those videos and then for more modern day, just look at what the ASAP Mob is doing, ASAP Rocky, ASAP Ferb, and you know, those kind of party-starring records, you know, Dress and Fly, you know, Nice and Smooth with the ladies, all of that, you know, that's everything that, you know, Cameron, Jim Jones, all those guys, Harlem guys. Yeah, it just goes back to this idea, like music sets culture, right? And I think a lot of people  could serve you really well when you break out of just music and do the other things. Absolutely, absolutely. What's the one artist that you worked with that you got a great story for us that people probably haven't heard before? Man. What's your favorite memory working with all these artists? Listen, I would have to say working with Kanye and Hove on the Watch the Throne sessions was legendary. Legendary. Life changing for me. Just because, I mean we started in Bath, England.  in Australia, because we ended up doing, we did Bath, England, we did Paris, we did the Mercer, we did Sydney, Australia, and so there was this big mansion in Australia. I went out to check them, and at the time, Oprah was broadcasting her show from, I think, the Sydney Opera House, and Jay-Z was a guest on the show, and I stay up really late. I taught myself sort of Dymaxian sleep when I was in college, just so I could add more hours to the day, and so one night, it really was just me, Jay-Z,  studio and everyone else is asleep except for you and I am already where I am so who's gonna be able to catch up to me? And man that was just such a impactful moment for me because that's the kind of work ethic to which I aspire and you know I think there definitely is in everyone's pathway to success there's always a sprinkle of luck but I also believe that you can reduce dependency on luck by having a great work ethic and having a  for  who's gonna catch me? We shouldn't be surprised at what he's doing now. And where he's gotten to because you had a front row seat to some of that hard work and kinda seeing that path. No surprise, no surprise. And proud, proud, proud of it, man. I feel like especially for folks who really get it out the mud, as they say, right? So you really come from nothing. And when I say come from nothing, we're not even talking about starting with nothing, but we talk about generationally prior to when you arrived  What I've observed just being around Kanye is just a voracious appetite for knowledge. And also, once he's formulated his perspective and point of view, he's very, very true to it as an artist. And I think that authenticity has served him extremely well across all the different platforms where he's been creative. And I think he's bred that in his camp. So when you look at what Virgil's been able to do at Louis Vuitton and Nike and everywhere else that he's actually been able to touch creatively,  on that, the dude sold over a billion dollars worth of gear. Right? Yeah, you could say Adidas helped them, whatever. You don't do that by accident. Yeah, exactly. No, it's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. So yeah, I mean, listen, to be in the company of those greats, to work alongside, to be respected as a peer, to be respected as a co-creator, to be respected as someone who was valuable in the creative and business process is an accolade that I don't take lightly. I take that  and it was literally you were making a song. What's the video called? The video's called Ryan Leslie, I Gets Money. If you wanna take a look at it, it's on YouTube, it's due to search, you'll find it. You're a Grammy nominated artist, all stuff, and I know you because of this viral YouTube video. Yes, yes, yes. And I think that's really just a testament to the fact that you have to be an early mover on social channels in order to actually win in that arbitrage.  really fathered a lot of Folks today who are doing that so that they can get some exposure for what they're doing for sure So you got a whole nother part of your life, but before we get to that I've always wondered somebody who's got the musical talent that you have Do you just walk down the street with beats in your head? Like are you sitting there? Just like like man, I heard that know it You know I heard that bus door closed that could be part of you know this beat or whatever or is it more of you've got to have a really Concentrated focus. Let me go into a studio and that's where kind of all the magic happens listen my dad told me a story that  the machine's right in the hallway, right down the hall, where'd he go? He comes to the soda machine and I'm like, hey dad, the soda machine is making a beat because it had a rhythm to the whirring. So I'm sitting next to the machine just bobbing my head. Instead of getting the soda, I'm hearing music and he said, look, this kid is gonna have music in him. And so to that end, fast forward to today, my crew, we ride around New York and I think one of the  in the studio is really racing against my mind to actually bring to fruition the fully formed compositions that I hear in my head. That's crazy that you basically you come up with the music in your mind and then the challenge is actually trying to get it from your mind to the audio file right before you forget it or you mess something up or whatever. Yeah. And I think there are a lot of parallels between that and product designers. Right. So just the idea or app developers or startup founders, right, is that they  13 years old, right? And so I always look at that. I always have an eye towards sort of the timelessness and being timeless means you have to have some sensibility of what you believe the future will be. For sure. So the music career is pretty well documented, right? If you're a Grammy nominated artist, you can't hide. But you got this whole other side of your life, which is as a tech entrepreneur, right? An investor. Maybe tell us a little bit about what you've been doing on that side for  we send a bulletin and there's crickets. And so I thought to myself, man, it would have been so much more prudent for me to collect phone numbers because even though that's a retro social handle, it can be retrofitted with modern technology. And so that's an experiment that I embarked on in 2013. I gave my phone number out to 550,000 people on Twitter. And man, it really was the birth of the platform, which is Superphone today. And so what I really wanted to do was, anyone who sent me  and then also trigger at the time of purchase trigger a thank you. And so that was a simple automation chain. Step one, two, three. Number one, put your info in my phone. Number two, once I have your info, check and see if you've bought, recommend that you buy. And then third, thank folks. And man, the results of that sort of experiment were staggering. 35,000 of my 550,000 people actually texted me. Every single one of them because of the automation chain.  So I knew at that juncture that I was on to some future way of engaging an audience and that led to an audience of one, Ben Horowitz, who went on to be the first investor in Superphone. And that really was because Tristan Walker was an entrepreneur in residence at Andreessen at the time and set up the meeting. And man. Tristan's from Atlanta too? Tristan is actually from out here. Oh really? He's in Atlanta now. He's in Atlanta now. Yeah, he sold his company.  is you're building a CRM tool, right? Which essentially allows you to put people in, they can kind of self-qualify themselves, right? They can give you whatever information they want. And then what it allows you to do is know who they are, when you're communicating with them, and really break down the friction to communicating with these people. And over time, it's really evolved into the ability to set reminders, do kind of all these more, what I consider like 200 level or 300 level type actions, but at the end of the day,  my phone number out to 550,000 people just this summer, Miley Cyrus gave her super phone number out to 95 million Instagram followers. And listen, the fun of building a platform that you could watch to sit back and scale and watching all those phone calls come in and all those texts go out and zero down time and high-fiving with the developers that we could have done 10 of these concurrently was just an exhilarating feeling. And so I think Ben really was the first, I mean, I had never started a business or,  put my phone on the table and said, look, send me a text and I'll sell you my album, I won't touch my phone. And it was pay what you want, the album was only $12 and he paid $50 for it. So I was like, oh, I'm already up in this meeting, right? And then he went on to say, look, I love founders that solve their own problem and you should really, really consider productizing this because you have a deep knowledge and sort of unique and the moat around this business will be that you are  and really might have just been just an article I've seen in passing. I maybe read some article about some engineers buying pizza or something like that. I thought, yeah, that's funny. And really didn't pay much attention to it. Ben actually was the one that introduced me to Brian Armstrong and Fred, who were the founders of Coinbase. And I was sitting at one of Ben's barbecues and Brian says, look, you should take this seriously and just to get you on your way, I'll send you some Bitcoin. So he sent me some Bitcoin.  I was practicing six, seven hours a day to the point where my little sister was complaining to my parents, hey, Ryan's hogging the piano. Not only is he hogging the piano, he's terrible at it, right? And he's playing that thing for six, seven hours a day. So when I really decided like, okay, look, I believe that maybe it's the universe or maybe some cosmic, whatever it is that's saying like, I should really pay attention to this. I said, look, let me, let me be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be the one that's going to be  hustle the late great and MC hustle talk to them about cryptocurrency. So what's their reactions? Right. I mean, these guys are Titans of the music industry. Yeah. Even today. Right. And you come to them, you're like, Hey man, there's this new currency, right? This thing called Bitcoin. Are they like, Hey, Ryan, whatever. Or is it like, tell me more about it? No, I think, I think the, the real marker of any great entrepreneur is, uh, the tolerance for risk, you know? And so for me, uh, and you know, it's actually a little crazy.  of any great entrepreneur is the fact that they have that kind of risk tolerance and when they feel that gut, they bet on it. And so for me, when I talk to those folks about it, they never really gave me the kind of pushback of like, I'm not interested, let's try this, right? And maybe they just dip their toe in the water right before jumping in. I'm the kind of person that really jumps in so that my story can have some real credence and gravitas and validation so that I can't  crypto platform with one goal, motherf****** mass adoption. That's why we're all here. We're trying to get crypto in every wallet. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending and card payment. Everything you could want at crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  One more word from our sponsor BlockFi. Their new interest account allows you to securely deposit your Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. This rate actually compounds, so you receive a 6.2% APY, which is very attractive given the alternatives.  it  where, you know, whether I was doing hostings or doing concerts, et cetera, I wanted all my advances to be paid in Bitcoin. And you just go to them and just say, hey, I don't want dollars, I want Bitcoin? Yeah. What do they say? Man, I got screenshots on WhatsApp where people are like, what are you even talking about? Like, what is this? Like, you know, you don't want dollars? And so, yeah, man, it's so much easier to just make it a wire. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I mean, I was very, very clear. I said, look, this is how I want to get paid.  of  and value exchange that's trustless. And I believe that beyond just the concept of Bitcoin itself, just the fact that you can assign value based on