 Whoa, before we get started, I want to go over the four sponsors for this episode who make all this possible. They're fantastic. So go show them some love. The first is the best URL in the industry, crypto.com. They're a crypto platform with one goal, driving mass adoption. That's why we're all here, right? To get every human on earth a digital wallet and to get them using digital currencies. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending, and a new card payment. Everything you could want is at crypto.com.  It'll arrive at your door and you simply take out of the box plug it in and connect to your Wi-Fi You'll be mining your favorite crypto in five minutes or less. It is honestly magical I have one running right now here in the office and it's super quiet It's got no heat and every person that comes in the office asks. What is that? Every single person asks It's a coin mine the best part to me is that the coin mine comes with a mobile app That's super slick and the company continues to push over-the-air updates to the device that add functionality add tokens that can be mined or increase the efficiency of the device  BlockFi is one of my favorite companies in crypto because they allow users to deposit their assets in a deposit account and immediately start earning interest. Think about it. If you keep your digital assets on an exchange or in cold storage, you aren't benefiting from any yield on the asset. With BlockFi, they allow you to deposit crypto and then get paid interest on a monthly basis in crypto. Deposit Bitcoin and want to get your interest payment in ETH? You can do it. Deposit Bitcoin and want to get your interest payment in Bitcoin? You can do it. The rates at BlockFi are currently some of the best in the industry.  people buy, sell, and trade cryptocurrencies. But he added a few twists, social trading, copy trading, and virtual trading accounts. Social trading is a feature where every asset available on the platform has its own separate social feed where people talk about the asset, share trading ideas and analysis, and even include various charts or graphs. Virtual trading accounts is targeted at beginners. If you're just starting out and want to try trading with play money, eToro will give you a virtual account with $100,000 in it to test, learn, and get comfortable. And so then that brings us to copy trading.  Get started by going to eToro.com. Again, that is eToro.com, where the entire team's ready to get you started in just a few clicks. And don't forget, go subscribe to the Off The Chain daily newsletter. You can go to offthechain.substack.com. I write a letter of news, analysis, and opinion every morning that goes out to more than 40,000 investors. See you there.  Neshaal has been a friend for a number of years and I couldn't be happier for him and his team with the recent acquisition. I really enjoyed this conversation and I hope you do as well.  the show, I think we've been trying to get this done for a while, both of us, to finally glad to be here on the show. For sure. Let's just start with with your background. I met you on a trip to India, kind of pre crypto. So maybe just kind of fill everyone in on what you did before you discovered Bitcoin and crypto. Sure. I think, yeah, we met because of my first startup. I started this back in  made it a social media management tool. And Crowdfire has had over 20 million users until now. It was during its time when I had launched it, it was one of the most vital apps around in 2012, 2013, and 2014. So, yeah, I started with that. Before I started my startup, I was working at another startup in India, which got acquired. And then, you know, a few of us, we started our own site projects. And that's how my  or having an expectation as to a startup in India could go a lot of different ways from the perspective of somebody from the United States. And what struck me was not only, I think, kind of the size of the team and the quality of the people that you had hired, but even just the office itself, right? You had built a fairly palatial and kind of office environment that reminded me a lot of Silicon Valley startups, right? And so it was pretty cool to see  that it's important to imbibe all of the stuff, not just your product, but the way you work with your people around you, the way you, you know, the workplace, even the information you consume, if you want to build something global, you need to be global right from your core. And I think that was the principle that led me to ensure that, you know, we are not just, just product-wise, we are not global, but we are global in terms of our thought process. So I think it all boils down to that, you know, the core  used to read a lot online, try everything new. So I specifically remember trying to mine Bitcoin. I don't know what happened after that, but I had sold off that computer after a year or two because I bought a new laptop. So I don't even remember whether I mined any or how much I mined because it all went in that computer that I sold. But that was just a trial and error that I was trying back then because it was so new and I left it. I never thought that  I tried it again, but then again, I think after a couple of months of just playing around with that, I left it. The third interaction was when I was pulled down to the rabbit hole, I would say, of crypto. That was 2017, probably the middle of the year when Bitcoin was about to break out. And since then, I've been in it forever, I think now. For sure. And so when that was going on,  to buy bitcoins in India in 2012 or 2013.  that I had on some global platforms versus Indian, it was a large disparity. And that was the biggest motivation because me and a couple of my other colleagues also felt the same disparity. So we said that the Indian audiences, and when we see the potential of crypto, India can play a significant part, which means you cannot have a substandard product in the country if you want to onboard everyone to crypto. So that was the motivation which we took and said, can we, since  because price was not the factor for us to get in. It never really was a concern for us. We still launched and kept growing. For sure. And then maybe let's talk a little bit about kind of the environment around cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology in India. I think there's a lot of kind of rumors that are spreading, especially outside of India. So people who don't live there, there's people who believe that  regulatory point of view in India. The only problem that India faces in terms of crypto today is the Central Bank of India, which is the Reserve Bank of India, not allowing crypto businesses to have bank accounts, which means they do not want crypto businesses to accept money from individuals. And in terms of our government, none of them has given any negative or positive statements.  you're free to use it because the government has not come up with any laws against it. But recently, what happened a few months back is there was a draft bill that was proposed, and the draft bill was created by a committee that was set up by our government in late 2017. And that committee recommends a ban on crypto. Now, what has to be seen is that this committee is not  different ways. Before crypto, I never thought of news being distorted or changed. But the moment this draft was announced, I saw reports in various media which said India bans crypto, people will be jailed and sent to 10 years in prison. But honestly, this is just one of the many drafts that can come out. This might be a draft which might never be even discussed. We do not know, but this was just a recommendation by a committee that was set up by the government. It's not the government's views.  What do you do if that is the position of the central bank? Yeah, I think the biggest problem is how do you run your company in the country then? But the good news is if you do not deal directly with users money, the banks are pretty much okay with you having a bank account. So the whole thing is if you have a bank account and do not deal with your customers directly through that bank account, there are banks which are okay.  easy way and in whatever foreign countries they register, that becomes their primary place of business. So that's the second way. But yeah, I think these are the two popular ways. Either you have a bank account in the country, but do not do any activities related to crypto, just salaries and vendor payments, then you're good to go. Got it. And then in terms of paying employees and things like that, are most of the employees  anything apart from INR. And as a company, if you were to convert that, like I said, if you use your company bank account for any crypto transactions, like even converting your own company's crypto into fiat, you will have trouble with the banks. So, fiat payments as salaries is the safest way today. I won't be surprised if employees want it in crypto, because it's so much more convenient, they don't want to probably liquidate right away and just hold it. But I think  kind of an everyday person in India in relationship to cryptocurrency. If you think about India, you have to divide it by age groups. And if you look at the whole 18 to 24, 25 year olds, I think a lot of them know about crypto. And that's because this age group is really active on social media.  million. They understand crypto and they're in the 18 to 25. The rest of the people around us, when we look at 30, 35, 40, 45, a lot of them have heard about crypto because of the whole 2017 bull run that happened. The crypto was all over the media, in the mainstream media in India, be it news channels, be it newspapers, everyone knows about Bitcoin, everyone knows there is something called as crypto currency.  we can. So we're doing that. But yeah, I think the niche 18 to 25 year olds deep into technology and stuff, about 5 million people, they completely understand crypto, what it is, the good, the bad, the ugly. But the rest, I think they've heard of it, but they do not really know what it is. For sure. And I mean, India is such a large country, right, and growing so quickly that it feels like with things like demonetization, and other  one time event, I guess, in at least in the last 20, 30 years, I don't think there's been an event like that. And I don't think it's going to happen anytime soon again. But in terms of India being ripe for crypto adoption, I think I totally agree on that. And I'll tell you why. If you look at the demographic of India, a large population of India, probably, I don't know, 40 percent or so lives in all the top tier one cities, tier one  villages and stuff and cities also which don't have access to these banking infrastructure. People still have to travel like a long distance to just be able to open a bank account. But most of these people have access to a mobile phone today and the internet. So if you come to think about it, if there is a way for these people to just enter, you know, the banking system or the financial system through the internet and through a mobile phone,  mainstream adoption in India, I think a ton of people will enter the online financial system in India. So I completely I'm a proponent of there being a huge opportunity for people to in India to get on to crypto. That's a need. That's a real need because crypto can penetrate where banks cannot simply because India is too big, too vast. And, you know, there's a lot of people around for sure. So, yeah, but I think only time  that now you can give them the full suite of financial services. And as we know, by giving financial services to people, you can create significant inflection points in their societies and economies, right? So it's pretty empowering. Absolutely. And, you know, one is the reach of crypto, which, you know, crypto can reach where the internet can reach. It's that simple. But I think that's the other important piece that, you know, a lot of people do not see, and it's probably real for India, is the access  low rate of interest on capital when you want to take a loan for whatever reason. In India, we have to pay about 10% to 15% rate of interest for the same capital that you get access to. I think that if this becomes a one global financial system, capital costs will come down considerably for a lot of countries, including India, where probably someday we can dream of getting it at maybe  But it's the increase of accessibility to the global markets as well. A lot of what you're talking about is kind of the individual, whether they're in a major city or one of the towns or villages, just getting them access to banking in general is positive. But if you then can open up the global access to financial assets and investment opportunities, you can really start to see wealth generation among billion plus people that have previously just  What else is working in India today around crypto and what are the products or services that people are using? You want me to say it's specific to India or the global markets in general? Let's do India. Yeah, see, I think India, we are probably again at the ground zero level, I guess, where it's a nascent ecosystem being built out. So the only way where people are understanding today, I think it's  your crypto. So lending is turning out to be a good use case right now financially in the Indian ecosystem. But it's still very early days for real, like, you know, I would say the next level of use case is probably the step to crypto, which will only happen when we have the piping, which is like the infrastructure level built out completely. I think we're still too early to get into everyday use cases of crypto. Right now, it's  mechanisms that the crypto world opens up to me where I can actually drive cash flow or yield and generate this income without having to go to a 9 to 5 desk job. And so those types of opportunities previously were just unavailable. If one, you didn't have access to banking or two, you didn't have access to these income generating or revenue generating type mechanisms. Absolutely. Income generation is a big  receiving foreign capital directly into your bank accounts in India is very hard. So this seems to be like a good way for the freelancers to just accept crypto. Like, you know, you're settled within a few minutes and your venture work is done. So I think that's the other use case, accepting international payments. It's becoming easier for Indians right now. For sure. Now, let's talk about WazirX and kind of what you guys built there and then we can get into a Binance. But what exactly  fiat related businesses for cryptocurrency. So we were like, what are you doing three months? And we started figuring out because we knew that we do not want to keep our people stranded, our users, and they don't have an opportunity to get in. And that's when we came across this whole concept of peer to peer. And it was not a new concept. There have been other products that do a peer to peer way of  We said that we wanted to build a peer-to-peer way, which will give the same experience as trading on a crypto to crypto product, which is you just have an order form by yourself form. You put it, you have an order book and you see the buy and sell bids. You do not have to see any listings. The top bids come at the best bids come at the top. So what we did is we replicated the crypto to crypto order book. But behind the scenes, we had a peer-to-peer system and we launched  of people selling you bitcoins and going through the prizes, mentally making notes on which prizes are the best. You don't have to do any of that. You just come here on WazirX, you put your buy or sell order, we show you the bank account where you need to transfer the money. It was that simple. And that really went crazy. Everyone in the country started signing up. That gave us the massive boost. So in a way, if you look at it, the adversity turned into an opportunity for us.  to get into mining and didn't know how? Don't worry, your boy Pumps gotcha. Everybody got some electricity and wifi. All you gotta do is go to coinmine.com. You buy a coin mine. It's like an Xbox or a PlayStation that helps you turn your electricity into Bitcoin. That's right. You purchase it. It shows up at your doorstep. You pull it out of the box. You plug it in, connect to your wifi, five minutes or less, you're mining Bitcoin. All you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide and then you receive over the area  receive a 6.2% APY, which is very attractive given the alternatives. So you can actually take your Bitcoin, you can deposit it with BlockFi and get paid an interest rate of 6% in return. Go check out blockfi.com slash pump again blockfi.com slash pump to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today.  on Twitter. But I think word of mouth was turned out to be the biggest for us where the moment I started asking people how did you discover was he like this friend of mine just told me about it. Because during this time when the banking ban was happening, another significant thing was happening in India, which was a lot of the older exchanges, the bigger ones were shutting down because some did not build out this system.  and I started paying attention as you started using this hashtag India wants crypto, right? And I thought that it was a way to, it seemed like you were really kind of rallying people around that idea, but also you continued to tag, was it Prime Minister Modi and others and really try to drive the conversation, which I thought was pretty clever.  news, journalists, bloggers, anyone. And at the same time, there's also hope that our Prime Minister and our Finance Minister, who I tag every day, they look at it and probably get in touch with me or the ecosystem in general, so that we can put a point across and tell them about crypto, not just being a speculative instrument, but also a great technology that India can employ in the country.  crypto. I mean, imagine if these barriers did not exist, like today, it's just baziraks and a few others. But if this barrier did not exist, I'm pretty sure a lot more Indian minds would be at work on crypto, on solving problems that will actually make the lives of a billion people better. So, yeah, I think that was a frustration that led me to start this campaign. And I'm going to continue till we get some positive outcome from this, from the government's end. For sure.  lawmakers, probably also the ecosystem players, a bunch of other people together, where you say, let's start the conversation. I think even if that happens, I think that's massive success, because then you have a group of people who can think in the right direction and take India in the right path to blockchain and crypto. What is happening today, like I said, you know, at the beginning of this podcast,