 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  series, and IOTA in the show notes.  So for the last 27 years, studied companies and markets. For the first half of that, I was a technology analyst. I covered the wireless industry. People take for granted today that wireless is everywhere, but in 1993, there were 34 million cell phones. Today, there's four and a half billion. And in the early 90s, everybody thought cell phones were going to be yuppie toys. And I think that I was very,  would be used in wireless because to me it was a quantum leap in utility. I think a lot of people thought wireless was going to be a way to protect traditional long distance and local telephony. And so I think that perspective really helped. And then in the early 2000s, I switched from wireless to doing bankruptcy research. And I wrote a report called the chapter after chapter 11. I talked about how companies that were in bankruptcy were actually  just focus on institutional investors and we give them a really detailed, highly researched research on markets and views and that's what we do.  We were a little more free to kind of just revisit topics. And a few years ago, we just said, let's revisit this whole idea of Bitcoin, because at the time it looks like it survived. And we wrote a piece. And it's just the idea that, look, even if you were just to make the assumption that this was just going to be digital gold, it's probably a huge risk reward. And so that was our first sort of thought and work into Bitcoin. And when was that? That was mid 2017, right? Yeah. 2017.  Top down important, which it is important, but bottoms up really helps to confirm or identify variance. So we do fund strap. Makes sense. And then just kind of from a researcher standpoint today, how do you view Bitcoin and crypto in the broader macro strategy? What are you seeing there? What's kind of the research led you to? You know, I think that if we looked at how funds institutionalized  Crypto really fits well into that. Bitcoin is really the ultimate network value asset. It's exactly how the dollar is. The dollar is as strong and as well-funded as even people argue it's because the military. I think it's just because it's really widely used. I think over time, as Bitcoin's adoption grows, I think it's still a very small number of active users. As its volatility improves, I think it becomes a true asset class.  And so maybe share a little bit about what you're seeing from public markets and outside of the crypto world, just on the automation front, you can talk about that a little bit, and then we'll get into the intersection with digital assets. Yeah, I think automation is really a mega trend. Like, I think it's a trend that's bigger than a lot of industrial revolutions. And I think that there's two things, two really unique things happening in the world today, that like at this moment, is  communication so it was too early. Today with 5G machines can now speak and handshake and authenticate information that gets lost today. But I think the second really important thing and I don't think people fully appreciate this but for the first time in 50 years the world is running out of labor. So from 1974 to 2018 the Prime Age workforce globally grew faster  workers. So automation and IoT is going to be born out of necessity. So it's not the terminator scenario, it's more that we're just going to have a shortage of workers. Yeah, when I think of automation, you know, there's definitely the doomsday of, hey, we're going to displace a bunch of workers, like, life's over, you know, humans are going to be replaced by all these machines. And for me, it's like, haven't we heard this before, right? Where there's been so many other disruptive technologies that it was going to put all the humans out of work. And actually, what it did was it got us out of  5% of the population would be farmers. Some economists would say, oh, you're going to have a massive collapse of the US economy because you're going to put 29% of the workforce out of work. Well, the disruption was because of flash frozen. Flash frozen reduced spoilage. 40% of fresh food spoiled. It transformed the grocery store. The grocery stores used to almost always be fresh. Now it became frozen. And it caused a massive deflation in food wallet. Food used to be 20%.  of work today, where do the humans go next? Do you know what some of those more frontier markets look like or do we still need some more time to figure that out? It's a great question. I think, you know, McKinsey had a great study a few years ago where they said, you know, which jobs are the least likely to be automated? And it's things where there's judgment required. So making research decisions, discoveries, managing people and robots  do art, I think it could be quite beneficial to society. So I, you know, it's a good question. I don't know. For sure. And, you know, the other piece of it, and I thought of a joke when you said that is like, you know, the machines are going to replace us. No, I'm just going to manage the machines. Yeah. That's kind of what we've seen in factories, right? You know, before we had any sort of machinery, it was just humans doing the tasks. Then we got machines in place. And now we have people who manage those machines and the people who got freed up and did other things.  useful society. I mean, if you think about, you know, who we really respected in prep past centuries, it was always artists, writers, you know, people making discoveries. In the last 50 years, the only people that really get respected are people who make money. So I think the focus on money is, you know, I think by nature in a world of automation and productivity, money will be less important. Well, and so it brings me to make people listen to podcasts, or I have two core  piece of that. The second thesis is every stock bond currency and commodity will get digitized at some point in the future. And really that thesis is built on the idea of that this theme of automation where machines are actually able to work with each other, talk to each other, get things done when you coordinate them together. Once you have the units of value that literally stocks, bonds, currencies or commodities and the machines can now transact with each other, right? And so that is a huge kind of inflection point  changed it for hard money for gold. Today, of course, fiat currency is now just exchanged for nothing. It's just backed by nothing. It was a belief system. Yeah, a belief system. But when we think about digital money like Bitcoin, and it's a really brilliant execution because as you mentioned, it's really putting trust onto the blockchain instead of saying, hey, look, trust me, this is a real dollar bill. But over time, other things are quite valuable that we don't call money.  do they have that they could exchange for other goods and services? And yes, and even powering robots, you do wanna make sure we can sort of authentically cut off and shut down a robot, especially if they get smart. Absolutely. And so when I think of this whole idea of intersecting digital tokens, money, value, et cetera, with the automated machines, the examples that I think through are there's like a scale of automation, right? Or spectrum. So you have full automation or you have semi-autonomous  slow down, they just drive, right? We kind of have this with like an easy pass, right? So you know, if you kind of drive through, it's just got a little bit more friction than this fully digital system. Are there other examples where you guys have thought about or come across in your research where you think that there's like very obvious intersections or things that you get excited about in that? Well, you so autos, I think, interestingly, is probably one of the most important and obvious and and really  You know, it's like 10 minutes. So if you can cut out two minutes out of someone's commute, right out of a 40 minute commute, that is a productivity miracle and automation, whether it's like you said, passing easy pass or you're charging on the road instead of, you know, at, at a charging station or traffic is optimized, that's a productivity miracle. And that would show up as like, Oh my gosh, you, this is having a productivity boom. In fact, you know, commute times,  share of GDP. So what they call value capture according to the OECD is 6% of GDP. So that means 6. That means the average person spends three and a half weeks a year paying for the right to use the financial system. So you're spending a month a year salary just to say, oh, I want to use this monetary system. So I think automation and IOT really take away that friction and it should be, you know, people should spend one day of their salary a year to use the financial system. That's a huge  is how often they let their phone battery die. So they found that the irresponsible credits are the people that let their phone battery die. So it turns out social media and all these companies can make better lending decisions and through their ability to enter the banking system can really reduce the value capture of the financial industry. It's interesting you say that because I've seen a couple of companies that want to use phone data to actually underwrite loans, right? So very similar stuff.  We see different energy. Yeah, we just, there's non-human machines and there's human machines, right? But our face is now starting to act like a wallet. What I mean by that is you think of the Amazon ghost stores, right? Where you literally walk in, the facial recognition knows who you are, they're able to link that to an account, you walk off of the store, you pick up items and you walk out and it charges you, right? So your face acted as the equivalent of a wallet in that case. In all of this,  Could be a wallet in the future or could be a participant in transaction, right? Yeah sender or a receiver and so to me it just it changes the way we think about value and transactions and I don't know where the line is like like where is the line of? reasonable expectations of the future versus you know 20 years ago because we're gonna have flying call Yeah, you know, yeah, there is some line of like what is possible and what's not let's say the next 10 or 20 years Where do you kind of feel?  really is the place where we're going to see true network effects take place. And, you know, from what's practical, I think we know it's a dream for advertisers to know for you to exchange more information about yourself. So I think as a practical matter, you know, one of the implications for this is that a lot of things that we do today could actually become free, you know, or, or companies don't even pay us for just walking around. You know, Facebook might pay  How crazy is it to be if you don't have to drive yourself somewhere? You literally could just get into a vehicle in your driveway and be productive, whether you want to use it to actually be productive or just entertain yourself for time. That's a pretty serious inflection point in humanity's productivity, that we can do without wake hours. That's an incredible percentage of time.  out into where some of this stuff is going. How much of this is sequential, right? So, meaning we need X to happen first, then Y, then Z, versus it's all going to happen kind of simultaneously. And you just kind of push innovation forward. You push progress all at the same time on these different things. Yeah. And wireless, you know, because wireless used to be where a lot of R&D money was spent on, you know, new technologies. We used to joke, you know,  computers and I think about it as the mobility of computing power has gone from literally mainframes, which had no mobility and you went to it, to then you got to bring it a little bit closer, a little bit closer, then you had a PC, then you got a phone, and it's just getting closer and closer to us where it goes everywhere we go. But the ultimate end point is it's literally embedded somewhere in your body. Right now we're not talking about the brain, but it could be anywhere. Pipe dream.  on their wife or something, you know, and they send it to the wrong channel. So I don't know, it's interesting. It's gonna be an interesting world, because you know, the younger generations are really comfortable sharing their information. You know, there's many surveys that I've seen, and these are global surveys that show young people trust technology companies way more than they trust banks or governments. So they might be very comfortable sharing this information. And, you know, maybe it'll just be the old guard that sort of, you know,  one I remember basically your entire day is recorded. So your eyes are recording like a video and then you can't go home and there's a woman yelling at a guy like, show me the video. And it's literally every single thing he saw out of his own two eyes. And he's got rewinded. That's a little weird. And then the other is I kind of even go as far as to say, if you're going to start to implant a machine into your body and we go back to the idea that the car could be a wallet,  It ties into a very generalized demographic observation I'd have, which is, you know, like when people think about retirement, Social Security is really a proxy for how you measure that, right? You know, you get a Social Security payment. And at the time they established Social Security, and they actually began to measure this with long-term disability. So in the 1960s, they estimated the average period of time someone received Social Security would only be seven years. So you'd be, work all your life, and then you get this check for like seven years.  work for 10 years and by the time they're age 30 they're retired. So one of the things that is very controversial I believe is this whole answer to the UBI conversation. So universal basic income is the idea that the government will pay people some amount of money, whatever it is. And I've always said that I think you can keep a lot of the same capitalistic principles that we know today but where people will get  There's a lot of data that you create every day. We don't think of that as valuable, right? In terms of I can go sell it somewhere, because there's no physical marketplace to show up and be like, hey, download my phone to give me money. But I do think that there's going to be these virtual marketplaces that companies will build where you will get paid for that data. And actually, you'll probably get paid a lot of money. Yeah, that's right. And by implication, it's creating two classes of people who are sort of providing information and the other  in crypto, any kind of big guesses as to things that are coming that maybe people aren't thinking about?  a huge, huge use case for blockchains and sort of digital network effects. And we're looking at projects like Iota's one and there's many others, but look, I think it's a lot of opportunity in crypto, but Bitcoin is Bitcoin. Absolutely. Before I let you go, ask every guest about aliens, believer, non-believer? I'm a believer. Why? Well, one, I think that this is a huge universe.  tell you guys. I just be training it for a fortune. All right. So we are not going to see you go in a storm area 51 with all these, no, no, listen, I really appreciate it. I'm a huge fan of, uh, of the research that you guys are doing. So thanks so much. Thanks to come on and talk about this stuff. Yeah. Well, it's fun. Let's do it again. Hey everyone. Pop here. If you liked this episode of off the chain and want to help us take crypto to the top of the Apple, Spotify, and other podcast charts,