 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcast in crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  everything you could want at crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  their digital assets on exchanges or in cold storage for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash POMP. Again, that's blockfi.com slash POMP to sign  the waters with their $100,000 virtual trading feature. But if you're more experienced, you can create custom technical charts and use eToro's social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees and so you never miss out. They also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to Bitcoin and crypto markets today.  I get tons and tons of questions about tax treatment around Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies. So I wanted him to come in and really just kind of talk through what's going on in the tax world and the product that they've built and how it can be helpful to people. So thanks so much for coming to do this. Yeah. Yeah. No, thanks so much for having me, Tom. It's good to be here. All right. Let's start with your background. Obviously, there's not that many technologists who are excited about tax. So kind of what did you do pre Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies? Yeah.  getting it out the door, so I wanted to really specialize in distribution, sales, business development. And so, got going with a big software company, worked at Oracle doing sales for them for a while, and then ultimately made the jump into entrepreneurship, launched a card game company that ultimately kind of took off, but it was like Cards Against Humanity for colleges and universities. So ultimately, gotten into some like legal troubles with their IP attorneys kind of coming after me,  I saw a Kickstarter campaign for like a Cards Against Humanity version, but for like Harry Potter and it like had destroyed its Kickstarter goals. I was like, okay, that's like genius. And it just got all these wheels in my head going on like how Cards Against Humanity gets way more fun, the more hyper local it becomes. So right, the more and more people can like immediately relate to the content of the card game, right? And so kind of wheels are going and I thought the ultimate  which is what I love and what I'm really good at is marketing, et cetera. And with that, everyone who buys that card game, it was called college cards, they bring other people to the game. So they buy it and then they have to go play it with eight other people. And so naturally you get this viral effect with this game and it starts to snowball. And we were selling tens of thousands of dollars of this card game at the University of Wisconsin. And so ultimately the university takes notice to that and I got some cease and desist from the law firm  It was obviously very explicit content and that was the point, get people like talking, but it'd be like, you know, getting your fake ID taken at the KK, which is, you know, a popular bar on campus or like, you know, certain professors, right? Econ 101 with Elizabeth Kelly. So it was very, very specific, like these inside jokes, right? That everyone who went to Wisconsin would know Greek life played a big role, right? Making fun of certain stories and fraternities. And so again, whenever it's this, this hyper  that  Wasn't as easy as I thought it might be but essentially what you're trying to do is provide liquidity to these you know exchanges which back then very early on And you can just trade the volatility of these assets and make the spread right and you're it's a high volume strategy So we started doing that we weren't like crazy so we were making some money This is really when everything's starting to run up so like we were doing well, but not well enough anyway So so the market making side that's kind of how we got into it. It was ultimately just  of  and so just flipping the switch, we're like, this could be a really important piece. So we essentially build software to automate the tax reporting process. And you've got no background in tax? Well, so I studied finance and accounting at school. I was going to go into investment banking and consulting, decided not to, but so in that sense, I have some, but no, I'm not like a tax accountant or anything. But like, to be fair, this stuff is pretty simple, right? All right, so let's just start with kind of crypto-determined  when you're selling or disposing of your cryptocurrency, right? When you're trading it, whatever it may be, you're incurring capital gains and capital losses, right? And that's the same as the world of stock trading, right? So let's run through a quick example, right? Let's say I buy $100 of Apple stock, right? People are very familiar with this type of thing. And let's say two months later, that investment has appreciated now that same Apple stock that I bought is worth $150 and I cash out. Let's say I sell that Apple stock.  challenges arise when it comes to tax reporting. I was kind of getting into them right when I was talking about the finance example. But so let's look at a cryptocurrency example. Let's say I again buy $100 of Bitcoin with Coinbase. Okay. And you know, again, two months later, let's say now that Bitcoin is worth $500, right? I've made some money and let's say I cash out on Coinbase, make that $500. Well, I have a $400 capital gain and I'll owe a tax on that. And so the trick  the challenges arise, because let's say I bought that Bitcoin for $100, it appreciated $500, but let's say I didn't cash out and I instead exchanged it all for Ethereum. So that triggers a taxable event. Like I realized my $400 gain in that Bitcoin and I also need to pay a tax on it. And as I'm sure you can kind of imagine that, right? Crypto to crypto triggering taxable events makes the situation more sticky and challenging from a reporting  asset that is still a taxable event because in kind of the minutia you've sold Bitcoin, you've bought Ethereum, right? Is how the tax treatment is. On top of that, even when you go to sell that Bitcoin, it may not execute in one single transaction, right? It could get broken up into six separate transactions in order to sell it. And my understanding is that's also a taxable event. Yeah, exactly. So that's all correct. Other taxable events, right? And this stuff is annoying, right? Because obviously  Today they treated all his properties. Is there something that you see coming down the pipe or some kind of inflection point that would make that evolve into some other guidance? Yeah, honestly, not really. So the one thing that I think would be cool, honestly, I don't think it's going to happen. My team has a lot of conversations with a lot of people very close to the IRS. One thing that I think would be cool would be to implement like a de minimis tax exemption where the first $1,500 of  future  I call it for the individuals who are transacting in this stuff, right? But they rely on experts in accounting and tax, right? So whether it's lawyers, accountants, et cetera, I can't imagine that those folks are experts at cryptocurrency, tax treatment, et cetera, because they're just doing so much other stuff. What are you seeing in kind of the expert help vertical, right? Where I'm some individual, I'm a business, I need help with my taxes, I go to my accountant, I go to my lawyer, how up the curve are they and educated on this stuff?  can charge a very large premium on servicing this lack of supply and this high demand in the market. So we're seeing that start to change. But yeah, like you said, the vast majority of tax professionals of accounts have no idea how Bitcoin, how Ethereum, how whatever it is, is treated from a tax perspective. And when their client comes to them, right, when they have a collateralized debt position with MakerDAO and they're getting interest payments and they say, how do I treat this?  of professionals out there have no idea how this is treated from a tax perspective. Got it. And so what did you guys build to solve this problem? Yeah, so great question. So we built crypto trader dot tax is the application that my team. That's a great name, first of all. Thank you. All right. And so what does it do? Yeah, the name is very much an SEO play just trying to game Google. So yeah, so the high level pitches we built the software automates the entire cryptocurrency tax reporting  the year with the click of a button. So it really automates the entire capital gains, capital losses reporting so that you as a cryptocurrency investor or user or enthusiast can then just go plug this report into your TurboTax account, into tax act, or just give it to your tax professional so they don't have to know anything about how crypto is taxed, how to do it, how to do these calculations. They can just file that form like they're used to with stock trading. And how easy is it for you guys to interface with the exchanges?  changes. And so from my team standpoint, we have to dive into every single API, every specific exchange and build out that integration from scratch. So to answer the question, no, there's no uniformity, but we take that onus from the user, right? And we make it easy then once you're actually in our platform.  is  You can deposit it with block fight and get paid an interest rate of 6% in return Go check out block fight comm slash pump again block fight comm slash pump to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today Got it. And so after I Come to your website. I sign up. I owe off you into my accounts you suck in my data You kind of do all your analysis. What do I get? That's kind of the the end product of this. Yeah, so you get an entire  from a US dollar perspective. But in terms of what the output you'll actually get, you'll get IRS form 8949, which is your capital gains and losses statement that you need from a tax reporting perspective. You will also get a complete income report, we call it, which details, let's say, your cryptocurrency minor. Let's say you're getting staking rewards or you're running a masternode, right? That's treated as ordinary income, right? Not necessarily capital gains, losses. And so we'll break all that down automatically in US dollar  of other things, but those are the main things. So that's the output, right? You're getting an actual report that then you can go file yourself. You could easily give it to your tax account or you can easily plug it right into TurboTax or TaxAct. Got it. And then how do you guys make money? Yeah, so we, it's completely free to get started with our software. So you can jump in, import all of your trading history, get in all of your income, make sure everything looks good, right? We don't want to put a pay gate right in front of just getting, so getting started is completely free, but we make money.  you guys are super focused on crypto taxes. Are there other areas that you're eyeing in terms of where you could potentially expand in the future or will you just kind of go deeper in the tax vertical? Yeah, so right now the immediate areas of expansion is actually international expansion. And then a number of other things going deeper in the current market we operate in. But so for example, capital gains, capital losses are treated very universally, right? Now there's some nuance, but for example, in Australia,  So that is a form of taxable income. So that's the immediate. And two is to go deeper in the current market. So I'm sure you know, there's so many different use cases of crypto, you know, margin trading, you know, staking, staking, all this stuff, you know, it's all income, right? It really is. People are using this to generate income, whether that's, you know, these new DeFi services where your interest from loans, right? The BlockFi guys, I know all this stuff is taxable and it's all challenging because again, nothing is typically  Is Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies treated as property in all these other countries? Or do you see kind of a wide variety of treatments? Yeah. So in the vast majority, it's treated very similarly. And that means it's treated as property, it's treated as disinvestment. Now there's some one-off countries where they've said, hey, we're not even going to tax capital gains and losses. Portugal, for example. There's some other ones that are, but the majority are treating it very similarly to the US.  There's some other countries that we don't service at this point, but treat a little differently. Got it. And then how about businesses, right? So we talked a lot about kind of crypto traders themselves, but how do you guys see the corporate customers or potential customers and how they're kind of interacting with this tax guidance, especially when, like, let's say, for example, they're just receiving Bitcoin because their customers are paying with it. What's going on there? Yeah. So in that example you just gave, that's pretty straightforward, right?  rules, regulations that they need to comply with, right? And we don't, so like, for example, if you're considered a money transmitter, you have to comply with FinCEN, you have to do all these things, right? And that's why you see a lot of exchanges leaving the US because the cost of doing business and complying is tough. Now again, we don't service that, but from a business standpoint, that's challenging. Now where we do work with exchanges and we have a bunch  because a lot of cryptocurrency users, right, perhaps they're used to, you know, going to a typical stock broker, a brokerage house, like an E-Trade or a Charles Schwab or, you know, a Betterment, right, all these kind of FinTech type things where that's where they're doing their investing, their stock trading, you know, whatever it might be. And at the end of the year, right, that Charles Schwab or E-Trade gives them a 1099B, right,  transferable nature of crypto. So let's run through example, because it's really interesting to wrap your head around and it's this huge problem in this space. So I love to compare to stocks and that's just because they're treated very similarly from a tax perspective. So again, let's go back to the Apple stock. Let's say I buy Apple stock in Charles Schwab and I do some investing buying selling over the year. Right at the end of the year, Charles Schwab can give me that form that shows  in  So the onus falls completely on the consumer and they're kind of left high and dry. And again, that's just because of the nature of cryptocurrency because this stuff can be transacted and sold and sent from wallet to wallet that the exchanges themselves cannot provide this form. And so that's the solution, right? That's the problem that we solve with crypto trader dot tax. Got it. And so as you see, and I'm talking about these forms, the IRS is now asking every American whether they've actually traded cryptocurrency  Two years from now. And two days after they released that guidance, they also released a draft of the future 1040, which is the standard income tax form that every single taxpayer in America fills out. And on this draft that they sent out to all the tax software companies and the big accounting organization to kind of prepare for it, they sent these out. On that form, there is a checkbox that, you know, under penalty of perjury now,  It's just really crazy. And so yeah, to answer that, it's newly on this new 1040 that everyone have to fill out all turbo taxes and tax act will have to ask their customers now, Hey, did you ever transact in virtual currency this year? And so we're just seeing, you know, compliance from that perspective, just go through the roof. I'm actually more shocked, not so much about the IRS has that question, but then only 150 of the 325 million Americans pay taxes. Yeah. Well, I mean, if you think about it's like,  accountants, like I said, majority of them really have no idea what's going on in this world. So, you know, that's a big focus for us is educating those folks, you know, bringing them software tools to help make their world easier as they serve a bunch of clients and as they now go and ask their clients if they've ever transacted with this type of thing. So we're excited about that. And then I think we're also just excited about making  in