 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  series, and Iota in the show notes.  I've always been though interested in, I like to say if it's fuzzy, I'm on it. Any kind of forward looking stuff. And I just started kind of driving my teams to do more R&D. So that kind of led me into R&D roles, eventually into CTO roles. There was a stint where I was in the startup world for a while and that kind of got me to the experience wearing a lot of different hats. And then when I came back to Dell in 2006, just always in kind of was able to get into the forward  as CTO for IoT and Edge at Dell Technologies. So it's been a good ride, but it's always about finding gaps, surrounding yourself with really good people and being inquisitive and just go make stuff happen. For sure. That is a great outlook on life in general. Talk about the patents. You've got a ton of patents that you guys have written and are in your name. Maybe just talk a little bit about what some of those are and how they came about. Well, yeah, and they actually kind of track the progression. A lot of the earlier ones that I've done with  big kind of theme with different ecosystems today. Most recently we've been getting into a lot of stuff around, of course, IoT, more broadly speaking, and Edge, but then also lots of work around how do you impart intrinsic trust across networks? Because if we can't get to this notion of trust at scale, it's going to be very difficult to realize the true potential over time. So it's a whole slew of stuff, but  And they'd be like, oh man, I've been meaning to ask you for like three weeks. Like, that's one thing. You work at home like remotely and you don't talk to anybody. You've got all these people sitting statically in your IM window and you might just get consumed with your work. And then you go back to work and immediately starts, oh, hey, I'm into sitting, whatever. So we did one patent where literally as people would walk by, people would kind of like dynamically walk by based on an algorithm, your screen. So it's kind of like walking by somebody in your hallway. And so it would be,  working remotely. So, you had a bunch of things kind of like that. That's pretty cool. I like that one. Yeah. Another one was around white whiteboarding. When you whiteboard on a screen and say you watch a video of some people that whiteboard and it's like this squiggly mess of stuff in the end. And, you know, you go back as maybe you missed the meeting and you're like looking at this, the people's camera pictures of the smartphone pictures of the whiteboard. And you're like, I have no clue what that drawing is because it was  IoT and edge computing is a broader term, big trend. The way I like to do things with the teams is let's focus on outcomes and then let's back into technologies. So IoT with more devices coming online at scale represents a big new workload, a big new opportunity. But ultimately it's really about focus on the outcome, focus on the use case and then back into it all these technologies. And then you get into things like AI and AR, VR,  We joke all the time. People are like, hey, I'd like to buy some IOT. It's like, oh, really, what color would you like? I mean, it's, IOT is a collection of things, but really it's about this notion of more devices not associated with a particular user, so autonomous in that sense, placed out in the physical world, collecting data about the physical world and feeding that into compute systems.  in cities or building automation. Obviously we have a lot of smart home stuff, so the things with your lights and your Lexus and all that kind of stuff that would be considered IoT in general. So just more devices online, driving more data that drive more analytics that help make things better is kind of IoT. But with more of these things coming online, we just have so much data coming from the edge, the device edge, laptops, tablets,  care how many nines your reliability has on the tail end for your network, a wide area network like a cell network, you will not deploy your airbag from the cloud. That can happen. And so there's a need for edge computing. So this is about moving more compute closer to the edge. For reasons of latency, I need immediate response. Bandwidth, I've just got so much data that I'm getting from these devices that I can't send  They're moving more and more of the content close to the cloud edge, where the telcos can then bridge that to your homes. I often explain why we need edge computing with cat videos. My wife and I have three cats and cat videos is why we need the internet, first off, of course, and then also we need more edge computing. If videos go viral, I have to cache it closer to the subscribers. If I'm an operations person, I need to run compute close to my factory floor or in my industrial plant, chemical  there's a bunch of clickbait out there saying, oh, the cloud's going away, the edge is going to eat the cloud or whatever. Not the case, you can still see an incredible amount of stuff done in the cloud, but you're just going to see more and more done at the edge. But IT stuff is fairly standardized, a lot of good stuff happening in that front, but in the OT world, the operations world, close to the physical world where processes happen, it is really fragmented. It's really messy. There's a lot of, this is where people live and people are complicated.  you play out the losses from that. So I like to say, you know, IOT starts in OT and scales in IT. We don't know where compute's gonna be running in the end from the edge of the clouds. You really need to architect that. So we should kind of maybe talk through some of that, but it's a lot of interesting trends and challenges when you deal with IOT and Edge and how it all comes together, but ultimately it is about let's focus on outcomes and then back into it the right tech. For sure. Yeah.  all phrases because there's no magic wand of automation. Automation essentially comes down to things like computing power, algorithm software, a lot of logic and controllers, etc. But how do you kind of sitting in your seat at Dell Technologies think about automation? Is there anything specifically that you guys are working on in that space? And then after we touch on that, maybe we can get into some of the technologies you guys are using. Yeah, automation means a lot of different stuff to different people.  also this notion of automation in the purest sense on a factory floor has been running for a long time. Um, maybe building some widget, but you don't necessarily know what's happening in the moment. There's many cases in the history of manufacturing where you could be running your process for days, if not weeks and not know that you're making bad parts. And so a lot of what's new is that, and we, and we're working, you know, Dell technologies with a lot of companies and we provide infrastructure and we work with  and the degree of risk when you do something in the OT world, immediate loss of production of life in the IT world, it's a, hey, sorry, you couldn't get your email. I shut down the network because I was concerned of a breach. You can't just shut down a factory floor. I joke all the time. You can't just willy-nilly update things on a factory floor. Imagine a screen that said, hey, save your work. Your production line is rebuilding in 15 minutes. We're doing an update.  the production line because of some issue or making some change to the process is different. And so what you'll see in the industrial sense, typically today is even if someone's collecting data, bringing it into some sort of analytics scenario, maybe applying some AI and machine learning, whatever to do process improvement, it would be very untypical at this point for that decision, hey, we could tweak this parameter and make the factory more efficient.  networks. And so it's really interesting. This is why it's so interesting and so important to talk about this kind of the notion of people and technology altogether. Last thing I'll say on that is real time is a very loaded word. There's a lot of loaded terms in technology. Real time to a building automation person in terms of making some sort of gathering data from the building around temperature and whatever is  So, I don't know, I mean, we can talk about some examples, but it's just, it's a really interesting thing. And not too many people just say, oh, we're going to go automate everything without thinking of the implications. For sure. And it's so interesting to hear you say, you know, the need for automation, but the kind of real time nature being loaded words, right? It's, it really is so true. And obviously kind of the elephant in the room, I guess, is as you talk about automation and this need for trust, how do you think about  inherently different stakeholders, heterogeneous systems. So ledger technologies, blockchain, I think are a part of it. Obviously, I tease in some of my blogs about blockchain being kind of a Windex of technology. If you've ever seen the movie, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, the dad sprays Windex on everything. You got a paper cut, oh, but you get some Windex. And so blockchain, AI,  and you hate blockchain. So fear of exposure creates a challenge, all these different things. But then there's some new technologies like Iota, we think is a super cool approach to ledger. Technology is kind of a whole different way of doing it. We're working on some stuff even within Dell Technologies and VMware. There's a project called Project Concrete. You're seeing some different emerging things, but I always like to talk about technology in a sense of not a panacea, you need to look at it more holistically. So when you talk about trust across systems,  I would say is this notion of selling stuff to strangers in simple terms. On one hand, yes, it's data. Data is kind of the obvious answer. And selling or sharing, and it's always on your terms. You always have to balance value with privacy and IP protection. But selling on your terms, data, resources, compute, storage, networking, energy, ride shares, anything consumable, or services, your domain knowledge turns  It's very messy. And so ledger technologies are part of that. So is down to the silicon level root of trust. If I have a trusted device and then I have strong authentication methods for said device or devices, I have open API ingestion methods. So there's transparency in how I acquire that data. This is why at Deltech we got EdgeX Foundry, a project within Linux Foundation going about two years ago in OpenSci.  OpenAPI's like edX and there's other stuff we're doing within the LF Edge project, within the Crayon and all this different stuff. These technologies with immutable storage, I need to be able to put data into object based storage and if you tamper with it, the hash values don't match. Combine that with a ledger technology and some other stuff around trusted execution, like a whole meal of trust technologies and transparency elements. This is how I get to that necessary trust and transparency.  gets digitized and once the assets themselves are digital, now you can unlock the full potential of automation, right? But before you have that, you'll have kind of settlement time issues with the assets. Let me talk a little bit about that. Well, yeah, I mean, it's a great point. I mean, it reminds me of a story. I was, I was, I meet with a lot of people and I talk about, you know, IoT, you know, a lot of it's more about the maker movement than it is about anything. It's this, this  have to change the way you do things if you want to keep up in this type of market. I had this call around IoT strategy with one of the big payment provider folks. I prepared this for the end because I figured it would go this way. I knew that Square, the mobile payments solution had really impacted that industry, the traditional payments processing industry. We get in there and we're having this call and there's  square is going to happen to you because you're not changing how you do things and or changing how you think about things. And so when it comes back to the question, this notion of automation, this notion of if you can kind of create this digital currency and you build the trust in the systems as we're working on with a bunch of folks. I know that Iota folks are working on, we're actually collaborating with them closely here. We're doing some stuff and when it's foundation edge project and edge X and there's some new stuff coming that I can't quite talk about yet.  Hey, look, we're all having issues. And so why don't we send out a tech to replace, upgrade all of these things at once, because we're going to make that tech more efficient. Oh, no, actually, I'm like about to be broken. So I'm going to order a new machine, because if you fix me, you're just going to spend your money over three years. And if you just replace me, you know, all of this can be smart and this automation and these layers of decision making and this efficiency driven at a both at a local, regional and global scale. This is the real potential.  one company in the middle of it, whether it's a Amazon or Google, like I'm doing great things, don't get me wrong, but to be able to do these types of automation things, these systems of systems, we cannot have any single entity own the trust. We need to collaborate on decentralized trust. It's like, imagine if one company owned the internet, it just wouldn't work. And so to get to all of these great players out there working on this notion of, hey, let's get out of the lock-in mentality, let's collaborate on enough of kind of open plumbing,  about. So you take this distributed ledger technology, you implement it along with these hardware devices that are collecting data in the real world and you start getting closer and closer to kind of the promise of automation. What does that look like or what's one of the examples that you're super excited about? Yeah, yeah, cool. So many cool things. I know I'm talking a lot of bigger stuff and I always like to say it's good to start small. I always say think big, act small.  This steel manufacturer uses more power to produce the steel than the city next to them. And so the initial question was, hey, how do I save some money on my electric bill? It's crazy. And so they come in and then they take this holistic approach looking at all the different systems and of course the core process, but also logistics and all this different stuff. And they ended up not only saving power, but they also saved so much power and got so many different efficiencies  Most of this stuff starts with driving efficiency and the like, but there's only so much you can cut costs. If you're focusing on new money, new revenue pools, new opportunity, the sky's the limit. So you want to kind of have that balance and be really thinking about the big picture. For sure. And so as we kind of look to that future world of automation, which I think you and I both believe will happen, what are the technical challenges that kind of stand between us? So from where we are today to where we are now,  about everybody trying to create these platforms and thinking, if I can just lock you in, I can sell your data if you let me. And the reality is what you need to do is open it up at the edge where data is created. And this is why we've been investing in things like Edgics Foundry and a bunch of other projects and collaborating with players around ledger technologies and the trust stuff that we've talked about. You need to collaborate on the technical plumbing that will enable open interoperability between devices and applications.  to the cloud, extend those principles to as close to the edge as possible. So I have that flexibility to rapidly assemble components from heterogeneous suppliers around kind of common baseline frameworks. And so EdgeX was set up to extend cloud native principles to the IoT Edge as close as you can, where all of a sudden the devices become so constrained they can't support containers and things like that and virtualization. I want to be able to run compute across that continuum  these different tools that ensure security and trust at scale and just kind of build out things in a collaborative fashion, that plumbing, we need more consistent plumbing. Again, imagine if the internet was owned by one person, it wouldn't work out so well. You need that open plumbing to get there. So the technical challenges, a lot of people talk about security. Security is certainly a big one. It's all about defense and depth. Many of the breaches that we've seen in IoT  your password, but B, it's really about how you apply it. And ultimately for security as a technical, when it comes back to technical challenges is more about the, how do you apply security technologies in a usable way? If you make things so difficult to use, then no one's going to want to use them or they'll just bypass it and then bad things happen. So lots of different things around architectural considerations and how you apply the different tools in the right way. And then how do you, then of course, it was like you're saying, how do you collaborate on the necessarily open  of Off The Chain and want to help us take crypto to the top of the Apple, Spotify, and other podcast charts, please do us a favor and rate, review, and subscribe. To review, simply go to the Off The Chain homepage, scroll down until you see the five blank stars. Taking 15 seconds to fill those stars in and leave a quick review goes a long way in helping us take the entire crypto ecosystem to the top of the charts. I appreciate you listening and see you next time on Off The Chain.