 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcast in crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  through buying, earning, lending, and card payment. Everything you could want at crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  As many of you know, crypto investors store their digital assets on exchanges or in cold storage for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com.  If you're new to Bitcoin and crypto, you can test the waters with their $100,000 virtual trading feature. But if you're more experienced, you can create custom technical charts and use eToro social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees and so you never miss out. They also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to Bitcoin and crypto markets today.  the man, the myth, the legend. All right, we got a whole bunch of shit to cover. Let's start with who the fuck is Zuby? Like, who are you? Okay, so I'm Zuby, independent rapper and creative entrepreneur, author of the book, Strong Advice, Zuby's Guide to Fitness for Everybody, host of the Real Talk with Zuby podcast. I am a independent hip hop artist, of course, also a podcaster,  back to kind of what you did before before that video went popular. No problem. So on the 26th of February, it's still my pin tweet on Twitter. I posted a video of me doing a 230 kilogram deadlift. And in the caption of the tweet, I wrote something like, I keep hearing about how biological men have no physical advantage over women in 2019. So watch me destroy the British women's deadlift record without trying. P.S. I identified as a woman while lifting the weight. So don't be a bigot.  was  I think that's what really drove kind of the attention to it. Like what is that cord of society that is struck? Is it just that you were just being honest and saying stuff that people normally don't feel comfortable saying or like from your perspective, what did you hit? I think it hit a whole bunch of different nerves. I think firstly, it's one of those issues that's at the cross section of lots of different areas of society and culture. So there was, you know, there was sort of like, obviously, just in terms of the sports  viral because of course you got the Olympics coming up next year so they've been trying to decide what the rules should be in that regard you've had multiple stories from different countries of you know transgender women or men identifying as women or whatever the case is breaking women's records winning their races beating them in in fights various sports all this kind of stuff in. It's one of those issues where I believe that over 90% of people are actually not in favor of that being  is just like, okay, these are the rules. Cool, I'll play by these two and I'll use your own rules to show you why this is a bad idea. So does the new record stand or did they say no? This doesn't count. So the video that went viral was actually just from a training session. It wasn't in a sanctioned competition. To set an actual record, it would have to be in a sanctioned competition, which I didn't do. But could you have done it? Is that part of what the rules are today?  can compete in the women's, which is a terrible rule still. And then there's other ones where it's just self-identification. So you can just, anyone who, you can just literally do what I do and say, you identify as a woman and go smash the record. Yeah, go, go smash up the records. It's probably worth saying as well that I can lift a hundred pounds more than I did in that video. That wasn't remotely close to my maximum, but that was kind of the point. It was like, I don't even compete and I can crush this record. Well, and I think part of it is,  And so when you start getting to this world, like, I don't know if there is a good answer, right, to a lot of this stuff, but like, it is so complex, especially when you then overlay the socio aspects of it. For the sports thing, I don't think it's complicated at all. Okay. Very simple. What is it? You've got two solutions. This is why I think it's ideological rather than a push for genuine inclusivity. Okay. That's right. You can either have two rules, right? Either one, you can have a separate transgender  But for obvious reasons, there's no woman who's good enough at American football to compete with the best in the world in American football. Same with basketball, same with any sport, essentially. And that belief is more because of the biological aspect of just men are bigger, stronger, faster. Exactly. We know this. That's why you split them up to begin with. So you could just have an open division. And then if you've got an open division, then regardless of whatever someone's gender identity or whatever  this isn't discriminating against. This isn't even really saying anything about my thoughts or anyone else's thoughts on this whole issue. It's just like, look, if you're talking sports, it's got to be fair. It's got to be even safe. It's science. It's simple science. It's basic science. And it's even safety and security, right? If you do have someone like myself, right? Someone like yourself and you're competing against, like, they're pretty much apart from like a very small  Okay, if I identified as a woman and but I would probably make immediately make you need all start the English like national team Just pure physicality. Yeah speed strength, etc. I just be running running through them because there's just a difference Yeah, so all right so that so this video and I jokingly put in the we're live on Twitter for those that are just listening And I said that you're a 15 year overnight success, right? Which is how these things tends to tend to work Let's go back 15 years before this right?  So I went to the UK and I was back and forth between the two countries for about nine years So I did seven years boarding school there did really well in school got into Oxford University. Well, I studied computer science That's where I started my music career actually I was studying computer science at Oxford. It's where you started music. So I started wrapping it. That's amazing Yeah, yeah bit of a weird origin story. You know what I love about this though is Everything that in before we start recording we were talking. I actually was following you before the  And you blew up because of a video where basically you just said what everyone's thinking and no one wants to say, right? And so like to me there's some Comedy to that right? No, I'm sure this new world that we're in Even though you went to Oxford you studied computer science or all stuff. That's what explodes, right? Yeah, and I mean that video is actually a good metaphor in quite a lot of ways because You know, I often joke that it took me to identify as a woman for nine seconds and that's what brought so much attention and opportunity  it was just that one moment. If you kind of look behind the curtain, they have back it up. There's a lot behind that. And I think that's really how everything's been for me. Got it. And so what was the interest at while you're there at Oxford studying computer science? Where'd the interest in music come from? Were you into music kind of as a child? Or was it just at one point you decided, hey, I want to do this. So as a child, I used to play piano and I used to play trombone for a little while. I used to do recitals and stuff like that. But I wasn't really a music fan. I wasn't really a listener initially until I went to boarding school. And then I really fell in love with hip hop when I was like,  It was awesome. Music used to be a lot more exciting in a lot of ways. I think the speed and ease of consumption now has somewhat devalued it, but maybe that's me being a little boomerish. Okay, boomer. Yeah, so I was a fan. I was a fan. And then when I was in my first year of university, I was going to Nigeria for a vacation. And I got stuck in an airport in Paris. And I was by myself, had like 24 hours  this was all kind of like a cappella. This was pretty much a cappella at the time. Okay. And then when I got back to university, one of my friends Chris had just like a basic recording set up in his dorm room. And so I would go on a website, I don't know if it's still going soundclick.com. It's like way before a SoundCloud before before YouTube even pretty much. And I'd go on there and producers would put up beats. So I download beats and you know, just just wrap over them. So I recorded my very first song was a song called the Batman. Okay.  that  a couple gigs there at some of the schools.  coming from the UK, right, with music that I don't know if they listen to it or not or whatever, but what was that response like? So I wasn't really pushing my music beyond my sort of local community or anything in Saudi. I was doing that in the UK. Eventually I started just going out on the street and just doing street hustle. Once everyone I knew had my music already, then I was like, okay, cool. I need to take it. I took all the money I could from everyone I know. So I'm not gonna fight street jesus. I need to take it to new people.  If you're you know, if you've got the time and you're just you say okay, I like some hip-hop whatever I'm like, cool I introduce myself Tell you what I'm doing and I'd always have my headphones. I'll have my music I'll have my music loaded up on my phone like yo have a listen. Look this is my album. There's how much it costs Yeah, I'll play you some tracks if you like it and you want to check it out and support what I'm doing Then here we go. So I don't like that whole thing. This way is way more authentic authentic man. I don't like this thing I don't I don't like this thing of Giving it to someone like it's free and then like pressuring that I'm not like  at least from my perspective, you've gotten very, very good at producing things that people want, which is half the battle. The other half is how do you get it in their hands, right? How do you convince them to buy it? And whether it's the merchandise, it's the CDs, it's the book, you know, we'll kind of talk about all these different things. You put a lot of work into figuring out how to sell stuff, right? And once you understand how that works and how the human psyche works and kind of what people, what motivates people to actually purchase something, you, with a product,  And I found that wherever I go, like from city to city, country to country, whatever now, even in different zones, I can go and talk to Tucker Carlson on Fox News and then go talk to Joe Rogan and then go talk to like a school teacher here and talk to... And there's like a common thread through it all. Like these things might seem really disparate and not connected, but I find that if you're just authentic and you're true to yourself and you're honest with people,  Like I'm sure he's got some things that he must talk about whatever, but like that would just be a fun conversation to have. And I think that when you give off the vibe of, Hey, you're authentic, right? It will be fun to have a conversation with you. That's where you can attract all these different types of people who just say, look, I don't even have an agenda, right? As much as I just want to enjoy a conversation with somebody who I don't feel like has a hidden agenda, who isn't trying to sell me something and blah, blah, blah, whatever. So today you've got, let's see, you've got an album, right? Eight albums, but what's the latest one?  at least my first bit of merchandise in university as well. So I made one t-shirt for myself and because someone made a logo for me, the Zubi logo, someone with the two dots, it's different from that one. And I was thinking of, I was like, okay, I want to make a t-shirt for myself to promote my music. And I didn't want to just have the logo on it. I thought that was a little boring. I think it needed something to capture people's attention. So I was toying around with lots of different ideas.  Hey man, I want one too. I want one of those t-shirts. So I went back to Saudi and I got like 10 printed and I just gave them to my best friends at university. So there were just a bunch of us going around with these black t-shirts saying I'm down with Zubi, are you? That's awesome. And people would see them and be like, hmm, am I down with Zubi? What's Zubi? Because it makes people ask what's Zubi? So that started happening. And then eventually I just started selling that one t-shirt alongside my album. And then eventually I did a  being the popular kid and kind of the social norms, et cetera. Uh, frankly, they just wouldn't have the balls to walk around with the shirt with their name on it. Most people still don't. Right. Yeah. And yeah, after college, right. But definitely during college. And there's a, a thing that I've seen on Twitter specifically where the people who are most authentic are the people who are least scared of being embarrassed or failing in public, et cetera. What you're talking about is having done that in real life and being willing to have the self confidence to walk around with your own name on your shirt. But then it becomes  I was telling my story about going out and selling 25,000 albums on the streets of the UK. I mean, do you know how many people I had to talk to to sell that many albums? Like I've spoken when I say I've spoken to like half a million people, I'm not exaggerating. And there's like in real world face to face. So I've had every rejection, every way that somebody can say no, every way someone can show distance. I've had that multiple, multiple times. And so and I know my mission, I know who I am, I know what I believe. So it's like, there's nothing anyone can say to me whether that's  what sports athletes and celebrities dealt with 20 years ago. Today, the quote unquote average person, if they grow a following online, they get the same stuff. And it's actually, in some cases, they didn't ask for it. So you see these people who go viral, who they caught in their worst moment or their best moment or whatever, they just get sucked in. And there's people who, like yourself, which you were looking to promote your music, your merchandise, et cetera,  or like this or that. I'm like, look, you don't, no one is forcing me to be on Twitter. No one's forcing me to be on YouTube, Instagram, whatever. So yeah, sure. This stuff can be annoying. And occasionally I might need to mute someone or very rarely block them if they're just being completely. Yeah. They're just being complete idiots. But ultimately it's like, it's my choice. And in the real world, like I love my life. Like I'm very happy. I've got a wonderful family, wonderful friends, great girlfriend. Like life is, life is cool. So I'm not going to let what's going on.  But you know you get some Random avatar on Twitter calling you a mean name. They're always anonymous right and it's just like okay Why would I let that ruin my yeah my day that doesn't even make sense for sure So you're on a eight-week tour in the US right yeah nine weeks nine weeks, okay? Yeah, what um what's been the craziest thing you've done or like the most fun memorable thing Wow a lot of stuff. Yeah, I've been watching on Twitter you've done All over the country  That's been really dope. One cool thing has been the meetups. So I did the very first meetup in San Francisco. I just literally tweeted out, hey, anyone wanna go get dinner in San Francisco? And two hours later, I'm there sitting with a bunch of people who follow me on Twitter and we're just having great conversation and good food. And so I was like, cool, I can do this in other cities. So I did one in Atlanta, I did one in Nashville, did one in DC, had New York last night, which was probably the biggest. And just, man, that's amazing.  I've seen on television a long time. Yeah, I did crack up when I saw that, because I watched it live. Like, well, when they broadcast it, and I was like, oh yeah, I like that. I was like, I'll take it. I'm making a business card made with a famous rapper from the UK. Yeah. So, yeah, the meetups were great. Like I was saying, just knowing that having people in every city who care, and who like me, and who like want to just go and hang out for a few hours and talk and... And you went to the White House.  next time. He's coming back. I'm coming back, man. I've been there twice now. But yeah, I mean, like last week, do you know Dan Crenshaw? Yeah. Yeah. Like he DM'd me. He's a man. Yeah. He followed me on Twitter and DM'd me and was like, yeah, you know, I saw your interview with Ben Shapiro. Like really like what you had to say and this and that. Andrew Yang followed me today. Oh, Andrew Yang followed me and Scott Adams followed me today. So it's like you're just, it's just interesting seeing it kind of go on. We gotta talk about this, right? There's like a underground culture community, right? So you just named a bunch of  But does it say something about the fact that there's so many different people who take the same mechanism of just I'm not going to bend to the cultural pressures. I'm going to speak my truth. I'm going to be rational that they all are gravitating towards you who are doing the same thing. You're doing a different way, right? On different topics. But do you think that there's like almost camaraderie around the fact that, hey, I respect somebody who's willing to just say what they believe and not conform? Or do you think that it's more just coincidence that those are the types of people  I, in terms of, I don't know, political policy, like I almost disagree with them on every issue. Yeah. But as long as like, but I'm reasonable, they're reasonable. We're not going to like scream at each other or call each other evil or call each other Nazis or whatever, you know, like just we're just going to be reasonable, decent human beings. And we can chill, we can be friends, we can have great conversations, whatever. It's just, you know, but you've got people on fringes who, yeah, they're just  their coverage of Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, Donald Trump, AOC, down the line. It's across the aisle, just they want the salacious inflammatory stuff. But I've now listened to Rogue and interview Bernie Sanders, Andrew Yang, I've learned more listening to those interviews than I've ever learned from the mainstream media. And it's because it's a much more rational conversation that doesn't have interruptions. And it's what do you believe about healthcare? What do you believe about X?  But you don't have a lot of time to expand. You've got just the format of television because you've only got 24 hours in a day and each host or whatever has a 30 minute show, one hour show, whatever you've got plus the ads. So it's all really, really short bits. And there's no real way to expand that. Like Rogan can sit there for two, three, four, five hours and talk to someone. And if there's something that, you know, we're doing this podcast now, if there's something that I say,  No, no, cuz there aren't any it's just Trump. Yeah. Oh, that's true. Yeah, there are see he did Tulsi as well. Yeah, but and Bernie Sanders Yeah, yeah, and so I got and I'd love to hear him and Elizabeth Warren That would be fascinating. Yeah, I saw her on the Breakfast Club. But yeah, I mean it's so there you can at least understand what people's where people's heads are at and get more of their personality and everything rather than this You know stand on stage and shout at each other for five minutes. I actually saw there was I don't know if it's a petitioner  life, you blow up on mine, et cetera. Bitcoin in the community that's listening right now is, you know, it's a say all be all, right? They're obsessed with it. Cryptocurrency is going to take over the world, et cetera. That's not a world that you necessarily come from, but like, what is your perspective as to how this fits into the world? Yeah, sure. Well, I've got an entire song called Crypto Currently, which is... Oh, really? Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. There's a song on my latest album that's all about... Oh, we're going to tweet that out for sure. Yeah. I think I namedrop like at least 40 different cryptos in there. Yeah. Go listen to that.  I first heard about Bitcoin. I mean, I'm computer science grad. Yeah. So I actually heard about Bitcoin. I hate saying this like somewhat early, maybe like 2012 or 2013. Like I heard something, but I never looked into it. I thought it was just like an in game currency or something like that. Or like something like PayPal. It was one of a lot of different versions that were out there in the world. Right. It just happens that this one ended up being worth the $160 billion market. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I just never looked into it. I didn't, I didn't understand the fact that it was a, you know,  Unfertarian minded and I'm aware of a lot of the issues with like central banks and just the money system in general And the way that it's even been abused both it both in history and also in different countries Right. So in country like the UK a country like the USA People don't need I think people don't need to be irrationally concerned with like massive What do you call it when they just start?