 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  and  However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash POMP. Again, that's blockfi.com slash POMP to sign up and start earning crypto today.  you can create custom technical charts and use eToro's social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees, and so you never miss out, they also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android, or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to Bitcoin and crypto markets today.  all things crypto in China from the expert. Let's start with your background. You had a life before Bitcoin and crypto. What did you do?  you discover Silk Road.  people normally do that?  And yeah, so like that's how I got into crypto and then the other very interesting like coincidence is like one of the co-founders of Difinity and let stream lab like Tom Dean and so he was at eBay as well and then we were actually product manager like peers and so like he taught a lot about crypto and we exchanged a lot of ideas about Just generically about native like internet economy, right? So because if you consider what is  based on the monopoly of your data, right? And so that's when we talk a lot about what is open economy looks like. And like fast forward and I quit eBay in 2015 and then so I joined a local VC firm and like just a generic VC firm here, so here in Bay Area. So I covered anything, marketplace, think tech and like crypto use  I've been looking into this space and actually Streamlob is my first and just the model company of Difinity. So that was my first investment as a VC. So because that's Tom's company and so I know Tom from my eBay time and then so he quit before I did and then so when I quit eBay and then joined a VC firm and his company is my first investment and then so it turned out to be a blockchain slash crypto company.  was it something internally at eBay, you guys are like, wow, Silk Road's really interesting and that is gonna eventually become a competitor to eBay or was it the exact opposite? We're like, that's exactly what is wrong with market price. Yeah, right. Exactly. So it's such a bad example. So we consider that as a really bad case study for how things can go wrong. And then so it eventually went wrong as well. But I think regardless of what the upper layer application is,  Right. And so I, so I have been looking into Zcash for so far, like a long time. And, uh, I remember like, I think September or like October, 2016. And so that's when they launched. And, and then, um, so I brought this up to my former firm saying like, we should invest in this because like, what really excites me about Zcash is I before Zcash and there's so many other color points, right? And like peer con, name, phone, whatever. And those are all features specific coin.  So becoming really good friend with like you kill and then so like that's also when I met like Eric Yeah, so who is my current co-founder of primitive ventures and so today you and Eric are co-founders of primitive. What is primitive? Yeah, sure so primitive is actually not a typical fun or VC we are a Global crypto asset holding company and we basically do everything out of our own balance sheet. So like that's why it makes us extremely flexible and  most of his time in East Coast Boston and NYC. And so I spent half of my time in US and then the other half in Asia. And so we also have our in-house engineers and doing different research and trying out different new ideas. And so you might have heard of the game, Search for Treasure, it was considered as a Ready Player One, like crypto version, Ready Player One. It's a global scale.  specifically built on teamwork and collaboration. And then if our team ends up unlocking it, we get access to how much Bitcoin? So it's basically like a million dollar worth of Bitcoin. And then also we got another a million for my teachers foundation. Okay. So there's $2 million worth of Bitcoin. That's up for steak. How many keys do I need to actually get the wind? Yeah. So like this is actually the beauty of like cryptocurrency. And when we have this  So far we have released 7 or 8. So 7 or 8 puzzles. There are also two different kinds of keys. One is the generic key. Basically you and I can get the same key. And so it's basically duplicable. And then the other one, the other type is going to be the unique key. And basically if I have one unique key, you can't get it.  And then like, like the key itself is actually a QR code. Like the interesting thing about a QR code is it can be hidden into anywhere. It's not just physical place. It can be hidden in website. It can be hidden into, you know, like the background of a music video, like things like that. So like there's a lot of like different medium that we can actually hide the key shot. Got it. Okay. And so as you continue, what is the goal of the game? Right? Obviously that somebody's  speculation and trading.  They're games that have crypto incorporated as a payment or whatever. So it's not crypto native. And so that's why we think about what can be crypto native. And so we can. So like what can a specific like gamification mechanism is fun, is playful and then can also add to key users like to learn about crypto. If you want to play the treasure hunt. So if you want to play such as a treasure, you have to learn like what is the key, what is private key, what is couple key.  the whole adage that like the things that you work for you treasure the most. Right. And so if I just give you something for free, then it's just, well, it had zero cost basis for me. So if it works, who cares? Yeah, there's no sunk cost. There's no opportunity cost. Basically the set of treasure. If you want to play it and then so people all want to win the prize because it's a, so it's a significant enough of the money. Um, but that require proof of work. And also what's interesting about this is we also mimic the,  talking about this, the trustless element of this game is also so interesting because previously, if I want to join your team, right? And then so you also want to make sure like, say for instance, once we get to the point that, okay, a team have like 398 keys, and I have like two or one unique key, and then so we might want to like, 20 forces and then like to win the pot, right? And then but the thing is that how,  the same way that like say race cars drive innovation in the automobile industry, right? It's the competition is something where everyone is trying to win something. There's a prize, right? And so you're incentivizing innovation through competition. Same thing with gaming. Yeah. And then also like the game itself has drive a lot of people from ARG community, just alternative reality community. And then people who have played Pokemon Go, people who have played like Ingrass, like just launched by Nianted, right? And also we are currently collaborating  just say massively and just say like average people can easily get on board of this. Yeah. Let's talk Asia and China. You spend a good portion in China. You were born in China. You speak Chinese, which is helpful. Both Mandarin and Cantonese. Okay. So you do speak both. What is going on in China with Bitcoin and crypto? Right. We just saw that the president obviously had a bunch of pretty bullish statements.  So building railway, building high speed roads and building all these skyscrapers, et cetera. And like the Chinese economy has been developing from like from early days on like this tech sell, low end manufacturing industry, and then now probably more into consumer electronics. And then what's the next, right? Because like the economic growth has been slowing down and like the government, so they actually need to have another top down planning on  in certain categories of technology or aspects of development. One of those is AI, we want to be a leader. One of them is 5G, we want to be a leader. Another one is going to be blockchain, we want to be a leader, right? And they're doing it, in many cases, AI and 5G, they've done it before most other countries have either recognized this as important or two made a national commitment to it. And blockchain, it looks like same thing's happening where they're realizing early, this is going to be important, let's make a national commitment. And because of the structure of the technology,  And also it's not the first time that presidency publicly promote blockchain. Okay. When was the first time? The first time, okay. The first time is at a science specific conference. It's like a national wise science conference. Yeah. So, so, um, so I remember it was back in 2017 or like 2018. So like the Chinese government has always been pro blockchain. So like this time, uh, so like this time is definitely different because it elevated the priority.  become a greater superpower in the world if they are leaders in these technologies because it'll help drive innovation, it'll drive economic activity, it'll drive GDP, and you get all these benefits from being a leader in that space. Is that fair to say? Yeah, so I think they're like, so if we think about what is the real intent, right? And so they will be twofold, specifically about blockchain. So like the domestic, so it's like domestically, and so domestically in China,  So it says 30% close to 30% of the empty monetary supply is from this 30% of n2 monetary supplies outside of the pbocs purview So where if it's outside of the pbocs purview, where is it? It's all from this a is this like private banks or so it's like a lot of this as financial institution or just like p2p lending company and like micro lending company and then even the other wealth management companies selling your just like  for the upcoming digital renminbi and that's the DCP.  liquidity platform of cryptocurrency, not specific to so not specific to Bitcoin. And also what has been banned officially is the privately issued token. Basically, it's ICO. Okay. So they banned ICOs and they banned these centralized exchanges. Yes. Okay. So, okay. The ban is whenever there's like a top down policy like that and the private sector will always have a way to navigate through. Okay. So even though, so,  So you got to kind of understand the local politics if you will. This very similar to here in the US take marijuana for example in some countries in some counties or states it is illegal at the federal level and they heavily enforce those laws so they will arrest people for minor possession etc. But then there are some places at the state level like Colorado for example, but has said no we are going to legalize this at the state level and not enforce the federal law. So I think there's a fundamental difference here is that US government or like US  itself is not definite regulation. So nothing is that deterministic. And then so the regulation itself is kind of like premature, like many of them. So there's always this loophole that you can try. Say for instance, the ban on centralized exchanges before being OK in data IO and they're still happily operating in like mainland China and even growing really fast and then so then what?  So they can still grow and like operate and so like that's why Doing business in China. You have to manage a lot of uncertainty Because even the regulation less things should be set like it can be fluid Yeah, and then there's always this like room pretty fuzzy thing and like okay, so that's Bitcoin specifically. What is the Chinese? kind of thoughts on one of the big knocks against  I would say 60% so 60 to 70% of the hash hour are belongs to people in Chinese. Yeah in China. Yeah, got it skirt skirt Want to know who has the best URL crypto calm that's right crypto calm They're a crypto platform with one goal motherfucking mass adoption. That's why we're all here We're trying to get crypto in every wallet Crypto calm is helping people do that through buying earning lending and card payment everything you could want at crypto  connect to your wifi, five minutes or less, you're mining Bitcoin. All you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide, and then you receive over-the-air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over-the-air updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine. Consumer mining made easy. That's right. Go to coinmine.com, tell them Pomp sent you, and thank me later.  today.  Yeah, so it's a super established like OTC network like over WeChat or we yeah, so so it's all over so So basically because China is already cashless So it's a very it's very easy to transact any like cash equivalent like like just a deals, right? And so who will be okay and gay all these I look with so all the local exchanges they have this a centralized portal for like information matchmaking  if you want to rob any digital like US dollar here in US people are still holding this US dollar bill, right? So there's still like, like a ton of transaction is happening on physical dollar. The Chinese population has been trained and has created a habit around digital money already, right? They're used to digital currency, whether it's in our base in a blockchain or not. In the US, although 92% of money supply is quote unquote digital, it's much more credit card. Yeah, it's much more credit based and it's much more  like pave the path for this digital renminbi and then and then like PBOs understand, okay It's just a change of the back end. It's just change of the monetary supply like previously We are like printing out the physical like renminbi bill Yeah, and then sending shipping to physical shipping to all the commercial banks and then all the commercial banks and leverage it this like fractional reserve, right? so they leverage this up and then using the cash as a reserve like just like like  Program monetary policy let's think about it like if I want to call down the birthday market like which is it so like which is in such a huge bubble back in China right now if I so if I want to cool it out I simply just Subtract like 10 trillion digital ramming beans flowing into that market, right? So all this monetary policy like adjustment does not have to become from this like clumsy discussion or like implementation  increased surveillance.  what they're buying, etc. So you see you have a full surveillance system. Yeah. So like the centralized platform, they always have the full visibility of like, so off like what's going on. And so everything's gonna be held on the private cloud of the PBC. Okay. So like, it is not cryptocurrency. It is just, it's just a digital currency in a centralized database. And it looks and feels from a user experience standpoint, very similar to a digital currency, but it's not a cryptocurrency.  but actually it's not cryptocurrency. So it's just the opposite. Yeah. Basically it's the same user experience. It's basically the Chinese government is saying, yes, this user experience is the future. Yes. People want to use this. Yes. It is more frictionless and people will use it better into banks and home and wherever. Yeah. And is going to be something that is beneficial for the PBOC and for the Chinese government, not beneficial for the people. Well, so I will argue that, right? And, um, what is good for the people? Okay. Like what is good for people? Like most like,  Right now, it's a huge problem. A lot of people just go bankrupt because of shadow banking. So they borrow money from all this extremely high interest lending platform. So they basically went bankrupt. And then many of them are in this death spiral of this very immature credit facility. And I think the shadow banking  and as we all know that China's government is very into this one belt one role like initiative and explain the yeah, so one belt one role means there's a Asian so there's an Asian transportation like soup role. So that's literally like like the ancient soup role when the when like China doing business with many other Middle East countries and like Turkey like Pakistan, etc. And there's about 60 member countries  a Chinese state-owned company doing their local infrastructure projects there. And so there's a lot of Chinese workers working and living there. And even in some area, renminbi has better liquidity than many other global currencies out there. So I think from global perspective, the digital renminbi can further enhance