 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcast in crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  and  However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash POMP. Again, that's blockfi.com slash POMP to sign up and start earning crypto today.  you can create custom technical charts and use eToro's social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees and so you never miss out, they also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android, or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to Bitcoin and crypto markets today.  and be able to talk.  and  written paper contracts or we have all these lawyers who are working all these hours on drafting up these long contracts and wouldn't it be great if we just removed all that friction and if we somehow just had it all automated by a computer and computers took care of it. And I think that's a pretty sexy idea because law is pretty much universally hated, seen as greedy middlemen and a lot of that is true in a lot of ways. There are a lot of inefficiencies in the law.  So it can perform whether or not something is true or false based on the parameters that are fed to it, but that doesn't mean that it can handle the nuance of what a legal contract really represents. A legal contract at its most basic, basic level is a meeting of the minds between two people. So if Connor and Pomp want to enter into an agreement, and we want to, let's say we have like, I'm gonna be selling you something and we're entering into a contract,  and the structure of the contract itself, right? So like if you create something that's so binary or black and white, one, you're counting on accurate information being inputted into the contract. And then two, you're counting on the fact that you, at some previous point in time, understood fully the entire situation so that smart contract can encapsulate all of that information and make a decision that ends up being accurate or correct. The problem I think you're highlighting is one, it's almost impossible for you to understand the full situation in advance.  function, parse out reasonableness or these sorts of things.  have something like a judge. Because a judge, if it was really that simple, then we would have contracts that are written in black and white language, and a judge would say, OK, this is how this is resolved. It's pretty simple. But it's much more difficult than that. You have litigation that goes on for a very long time for very, very high dollar deals. Because when you're weighing these things, you have to think about justice and fairness and reasonableness and all of these higher level concepts that can't be reduced to code.  There's a lot of things that can go wrong in a credit default swap. We can have a lot of disagreements on what does it mean to default? What does it mean to be late on a payment? What does it mean for all of these different triggering clauses of the payout happening? And how much of those, the nuances and challenges are disagreements between you and I? Like think of it as the two parties in the transaction versus there's external forces that could be macro or micro, but those external forces can change in real time what you and I agree on.  just can't pre predict and that's part of the problem. Right? Or at least that's the challenge. I don't know if it's necessarily a problem. It's just a challenge. No, I think that's totally part of it. You know, you have contingencies that just can't be accounted for in black and white immutable software. Like what sort of hedge fund ever enter into an immutable contract when, you know, what happens if their lead trader goes skiing and you know, has like credible brain damage and now they can't quite make the decisions they were and they have to  the  that is a incredibly difficult problem because identity isn't just knowing who you are because all identity is relational, right? You might be ponked to me on Twitter, but you might be someone else to your family members or you might be someone else to your government, right? And so who you are, your identity is relational. And that's really important for a contract because that is how you manage enforcement. How do I enforce a contract against you? I always think about this,  they believe you to be, if they then see you acting, how you act in the corporate environment with your corporate colleagues, they a lot of times say, is that what you do at work? It's almost like they've seen a different side of you that is very contrasting to your original identity. We see that in human relationships. It becomes very weird when all of a sudden you have software to address all of those different identities in a way where it was tied all back to one individual, but we have to account for these different identities in contracts, et cetera.  is very important for me assessing your credit worthiness and actually making a deal with you in the first place. If I don't know you, I'm not going to trust you. And trust is very important in making these things more efficient and kind of like being, you know, greasing the wheels of commerce because, oh, you've done a lot of these transactions. And I know that if things go south, then I can enforce a judgment against you in the United States. And so your identity is actually very crucial. Having a pseudonymous identity doesn't give you those same guarantees. I can't know if this is the, you know, the 20th time  When you don't have pseudonymous identities, when you just have your actual identity and real credit score with peer to peer lending, like Lending Tree, Lending Club, those things went so far south because people just run away with the money. It's really, really hard to have trust and that requires rigorous identity. I know that's not sexy to decentralize all the things, apply the cypherpunk ideals to modern finance, but  these other platforms and I received $30 or $50 US dollar alone. The trust is, or the need for trust is minimized because it is so over collateralized. They have control of my asset or collateral and then I'm able to take a loan. But to your point, there's very few people in that situation who, it's very nuanced use case where I have enough collateral in the post in that scenario to then receive a 30 to 50% LTV loan. Normally it's the exact opposite. It's hey, I want to buy a house. I put down 10, 20%.  How do you start a business where you need financing to start a company but you have to give me more money than you already have just to get the loan for the company? I mean that can obviously never work. For sure. So I want to switch gears a little bit. You've done a bunch of writing and tweeting recently about the common misconceptions of Bitcoin. And we were talking about trust earlier and frankly I think that there's this idea that even the most hardcore Bitcoiners trust certain narratives. And so that doesn't mean that the narrative's right or wrong. It's just that there is definitely consensus thought  economy  but actually it won't accelerate, it'll increase over time, but the amount every 10 minutes is going down every four years, et cetera. And so that disinflationary monetary supply schedule is different than what you're talking about, which is that you're addressing the total supply, which is that 21 million. Now, I think a lot of people will say that, yes, that's true, that the total supply is 21 million, but it's quote unquote deflationary because every time someone loses one, it gets destroyed, et cetera, it's essentially being  if worst case scenario you can sell or deem it in a couple years and you can bring those coins back online, we'll just be much more professional. And so there might be less coins hitting the market and less mine per block, but at the same time we're losing less. And so that actually kind of reaches this sort of equilibrium. And I think by the time we roll around the 2140, the concept of losing hundreds or thousands of coins, which might actually still happen today, much, much more in common. And eventually, maybe it's not 21 million is the final cap we reach  prices.  Okay, why money explain why because it goes back to the idea if we want our money monetary base to be Relatively pure right we want it to be a nice solid constant measuring stick for signaling to market participants about prices And if we have this other industrial use case that's taking gold for other sorts of uses right and putting it in aerospace or All these other jewelry dental equipment, you know, whatever it might be then you're using it for  for their monetary purposes. And we create other distortions in the economy because now housing is skyrocketing because we need other monetary objects. We need to kind of take their monetary properties and use them as piggy banks instead of as homes. And so you see other distortions for monetary-like things and then that just wreaks havoc on local economies because we don't have the sort of pure money that is separate from all other use cases. And I think this is part of like Marat's argument, right?  Over time so I need to be able to invest it somewhere do I do that into real estate and the stocks bonds? I don't know I have to either get hand my money over to somebody else to do it for me or I have to understand that And one that's a pretty big ask it by one we should not yeah, they nearly impossible But also the second thing is Imagine if the unit of account was something where you could just simply leave your wealth into that asset And it wouldn't be devalued away and so therefore the quote-unquote savings mentality Would work because you can simply continue to stack  trying to talk to my friends or my relatives about it because people have this sort of ingrained immune response. Like if you're listening to the radio and you hear about this amazing real estate deal that just sounds too good to be true, you're not going to look into it. Of course not, because you know, we all know these things are scams. And so Bitcoin, when you're talking to someone, actually can sound so good because it is such a revolutionary breakthrough that it causes people to naturally turn off.  we could replace money with something that's better. That's like so asinine in many people's mind that they're like, nah, I think I like the current environment. Like it's safer, there's less chaos, there's less uncertainty. I just wanna go buy some food and like I don't care what, you know, you guys are talking about this money thing. And so it's the combination of a big scary idea with the, it almost sounds too good to be true and when you put those two things together, the human nature, we've been conditioned over time, is really what you're talking about, to reject  abandoned etc both in the US government and other governments and then there's a lot of people who are supporters, right? So it's not so much the government, you know, kind of air quotes is over generalized as being negative towards this There are a lot of people who are actually supportive and proponents and want to see adoption etc Why do you think that the presidential candidates whether it's Trump or others? Should like Bitcoin and actually should be attracted to it rather than trying to fight it I mean, I honestly think Bitcoin is just such a win-win-win for all power  this first mover if you know, imagine if the United States builds up, you know, substantial position in Bitcoin, you know, maybe 100,000 coins, a couple hundred thousand, I mean, let's say a big position. Yep. And then suddenly announces, all right, we've built up a massive position in Bitcoin. We think it's the future. Yep. That announcement alone causes like a 10 X return. Yep. I mean, I mean, it would just be so overwhelmingly massive. Yeah. In their response that you could see this, like if America does take this leadership approach,  Right, because that's pretty much how they're all getting it today. But over time, right, you kind of keep track of, look, there's 21 million of these things. What country is kind of has the biggest position or is most bullish, but you use the proxy of how many Bitcoin do they actually hold on their balance sheets in order to measure that? Again, you can see them doing this quietly and not announcing it. And then there's some announcement, whether that's the US or some other country. Or you can see like what we're seeing in China today where they just come out and say, look, we think blockchain is not necessarily  people interact how they want and being free from centralized control. And I think that you could spend this in a very pro-America, America first move. And Trump really, really cares about jobs, about the economy. And the truth is a lot of the manufacturing jobs, they're not gonna come back. There's other places that do it better. But mining is something that no one really does incredibly well yet. I mean, we're still super, super early. And what if we,  So it is a win-win win for the American workers more jobs more profitable sectors of economy and overall It might even get America out of this, you know sort of debt crisis that we have you have looming because now we have this sort of very very, you know digital gold of the digital frontier skirt skirt Want to know who has the best URL crypto calm. That's right crypto calm They're a crypto platform with one goal motherfucking mass adoption. That's why we're all here  or a PlayStation that helps you turn your electricity into Bitcoin. That's right. You purchase it, it shows up at your doorstep, you pull it out of the box, you plug it in, connect to your Wi-Fi, five minutes or less, you're mining Bitcoin. All you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide, and then you receive over-the-air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over-the-air updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine. Consumer, mining, made,  in return go check out block fly comm slash pomp again block 5 comm slash pomp to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today  So, I mean, who should be against printing money more? I mean, Bernie is like first in line because the people that are profiting off this and who are reaping these massive gains are, like we said, the financial elite that have this, not only are they touching the money first, but they have much more deep financial knowledge. And I think that you can look at wealth inequality and a lot of metrics of inequality started to increase as soon as we left the gold standard in the early  open source developers just contributing freely. A lot of those ideals are what's in the Bernie Sanders movement. And when you look at the Federal Reserve Board, it's a bunch of white men, they're sitting around. I think that it seems very natural that they would want to criticize this as being a racist or gendered institution of the Federal Reserve Board, which props up the military warfare state that they criticize a lot of.  The narrative benefit right which is this is the Andrew Yang automation is coming right, you know Bitcoiners are cool This is Trump America first, right? And what you're doing is you're benefiting from the highly engaged community that's already built there, right? So just kind of a popularity contest thing. But then the third thing is There is a technology angle here, right? And when I go to the technology angle, I think you know, look The people who are 100% exposed to the legacy financial system and zero  not going to go 100% into the new system. So it's kind of this balance and really trying to almost have a confidence level on each system, but making sure that you're going to be a leader in either system, regardless of which one wins. No, I think that isn't 100% the case. And this kind of goes to the third approach. You have your left and your right, your strong political candidates, but you also have the establishment. You have your Brad Sherman's of the world who are not trying to beat around the bush. They know that they care about one thing.  If it is so scary, then of course you should build a position. Of course you should protect yourself against it because worst case scenario, you spend so much time railing against it and defending the status quo that you're not playing the long game. And you let China build up a position when you didn't. And that puts you in an even scarier position. So you kind of have to address the realities as it is and you can't just daydream about the yester years where you had the complete monopoly over what people use for their everyday training.  that's a tough question and I think that campaigns are trying to adjust their strategy towards this sort of new weird viral environment that we see and I think that honestly that's what led to a lot of Trump's success is a brilliant campaign of viral you know things that he knew would go viral and would resonate with certain people through memes. I think meme warfare is the new sort of you know it's not going to be establishment media anymore right before this interview we're  talking to producers about how she had all this information about Epstein, that people weren't letting it come out, and they were sort of trying to suppress the stuff that she had been doing for years, and that she thought it was interesting, all this was coming to light and people started to care, but she had been kind of pushed to the background for a long time and said no one cares about this, even though they had extremely damning evidence. And this is sort of this really strange outcome  we had, it's not that there's more or less truth, but there's just more sources of it. Now that we're sort of entering this information age, and I think it's overwhelming right now, and hopefully it'll sort of get better. But I don't know, I think a lot of the things that we're seeing in Hong Kong and simultaneously in other parts around the world and in Argentina and Lebanon and Catalonia and all of these sort of populous movements that are now virally connected and can see their successes and failures in other parts of the world is another part of this.  or healthcare or a lot of these sorts of things that it's becoming more and more obvious that the less Cathedral approach we take to things the more we open things up and say alright you can just learn whatever you want now I mean we basically made liberal or like like like liberal studies degrees your social sciences degrees those are basically useless now when you can learn a lot I mean in college I studied philosophy I learned probably like five  Romanticism around this sort of thing But the reality is a lot of kids don't go to class not many people won't really care a lot of people just kind of show up for the credits a lot of people are just you know, oh I'm taking this required music class because I have to get my music requirement. I have no education. Yeah, no one no one cares But when you look at things like Twitter like there's a lot of really really interesting Just sort of like radical philosophy that happens on Twitter and these like crazy threads and and so Twitter I see is like or or