 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  series, and IOTA in the show notes.  but we're gonna start that. I have Catherine here. I'm super excited to have this conversation. I've actually known her for maybe a year or so, pre getting the job at Binance. So one congratulations on that. Thank you so much. Extremely excited. Before we get into all the fun stuff and the over 200 questions that I got on Twitter about what to ask you, which we will not cover all of them, let's go through your background and kind of what you did pre-Ripple.  in an afternoon, really painless, struggle-free, able to experience the world. And I kind of thought that's how the world worked. And then I was proven really, really harshly wrong when I decided to move outside of the US. And so that kind of tipped off my love of global markets and understanding how the world wasn't efficient and we could make it more efficient. And so I kind of kept on this journey for learning how I could make that a better, make it a small world after all.  Explain currency trading in Asia because I think a lot of people hear that somebody had that as an experience in their career But they don't actually know what that means and kind of like what the day-to-day is. Yeah, your day-to-day is downloading the entire news of the world and then realizing how it's going to affect the prices of your One country's currency against another and then you're handling that with the largest money managers of the world. So Any call it 3 a.m. On a Monday morning when the Wellington open would happen  and constantly trying to evaluate where there was value left in the market for you to go after. So I covered kind of global hedge funds and then traded the onshore pairs. So you're trying to get all of your orders through before market closes, which onshore markets have closes. The rest of FX is kind of a 24 five market. And so that was just a full adrenaline rush, standing up, shouting, you know, buy sell that kind of Wolf of Wall Street style. But  by buying a protection on the price of dollar C and H or C and Y going higher. So the numbers that we're seeing now, like I think Remedies now at 714, are strike prices, which were where the market might have gone, were like six. So the market's blown up since. So it's rewarding to know that a lot of the guys I helped get into those trades. It was a worthwhile endeavor, but in London we were really just focused  even California, I was able to be their kind of liaison, correspondent on the ground, telling them what was happening, even if they had never been to Asia or London at that time. Most folks had though. So you think about average AUM or assets under management, that one of the funds I was managing would be around like 14 to 16 billion. Yeah, it's very large. It's very large, yeah. And the average size of trades, kind of a small day trade, one off would be 300 million, a large day would be  And there I was, you know, 24 trying to figure out if I was gonna pay HSBC, my competitor, 8% of my hard-earned lady salary. And I really just didn't wanna do that. So I looked into Bitcoin. Back in the day, Arthur was beginning his early love affair with Bitcoin, and so kind of dug into it. And some of the inefficiencies didn't really work for me. I don't know if I wanted to pay that much to take that transaction on.  and Hong Kong dollar on ramps and then kind of had to do the same thing when I moved from London to the US again. So constantly was looking for the best means of moving money around the world. For sure and Bitcoin is a natural, I think, tangentially related asset for currency traders, right? It is a currency and it has a liquid market. I give such credit to people that come into Bitcoin without having any foreign exchange experience because to me it's just an obvious, you know, I can put this asset  It took me about five years and a lot of hard hours in order to just get a good sense of things but I think the biggest lesson we can always learn is the market owes us nothing. For sure. And so when you moved to the US, what was the job? Yeah, so I moved to the US, well pre-Brexit Morgan Stanley was kind of getting a little worried about the fact that they had some expats on the other side of the pond. And so picking up from Brexit, realizing I could potentially be  the next generation of careers as possible. And FX certainly felt a little dinosaur at that time. We were automating as much as we could. So I like to make my job redundant as I go on in life, because I think that means we're progressing. And so I began looking at different tech companies, different FinTech, and I kept finding myself worried about their FX exposure at the end of the day, which I was like, you know, you're addicted when you're worried about, you know, some companies exposure to India or some companies exposure to China, and how  So I jumped on that one. Got it. Before we get into Ripple, San Francisco, we got to talk about the wedding you went to was in San Francisco. It was in San Francisco. It was one of my best friends from Carolina. We actually lived in China together. So she had had kind of that global experience and excitement and it ended up at about 14 of my friends from my Hong Kong Shanghai days are relocated to San Francisco. So it's a, you know, maybe it's the easy transition.  I mean, Hong Kong was a seven, like 36, seven type of city. Like it was, you were out running hard, working hard, playing hard. And so for me to be able to really focus on whatever work I was going to be doing, I didn't get the FOMO. I was missing out on things and I could relax, go, you know, hike, swim, cross the river, play golf, you name it, in California pretty easily without the temptations of New York City. Missing something. Derailing my career success.  I know the guys that would be having an appetite for this. I naturally speak their language, kind of put me in the game coach. And so I jumped over to the XRP markets team to run the institutional liquidity. Okay. And so let's start with the investor relations. This is mainly a role where you're interfacing with the investors in the private software company, Ripple, not XRP. Correct. Yeah. I was working mostly with the financial community a lot out here, a lot in California, just referencing it as if it was  That average volume a day was like five to six trillion. So if we were gonna be able to make transactions of that quality go through you would need to have a much more liquid Mechanism so that's where you can either see the price rising to accommodate for the volume necessary or you can see the liquidity increasing for Volume necessary to handle got it. And so as you think through those mechanisms, right? I think one of the big questions that  off balance sheet type stuff and sometimes it's external third parties are more like funds that are set up to do this stuff. Yeah, we break it down to kind of if you've sent similar to that if you've got one structure being infrastructure so that's like your exchanges your OTC desks kind of that core venue that you're going to be trading on and then you've got the speculators which can be anything from you know a retail day trader all the way through to you know significant endowment or fund and then  and prepare for a fiscal year ahead. So those flows don't exist yet in the crypto markets, but we're working on it. So that's one of the things where if you have that consistent flow, then the speculators will be able to take advantage of those different seasonalities of corporate flows, but you also just always have momentum in the market taking place. So I think that's one of the factors that Ripple is really working on was being able to provide a mechanism to which corporate flows would be  that you are gonna become the CEO of, is it Binance America or Binance US? Binance US, or Twitter handles Binance America. But we'll let you be test. What do you guys like? If it's on the internet, it's true, so we can call it either one. Let's start with what was your first time that you heard about Binance, your first impression, before you met anyone on the team, et cetera, what was your take sitting in the seat at our ripple of Binance? Yeah, so we were working with  having popped up right before kind of the the major hype we both kind of started our crypto Storyline around the same time summer 2017 and so Just seeing how nimble they worked and how accommodating they were for the appetite of the market during this Kind of hype cycle initially or one of many that had happened. I just had a huge respect for them And so about a year ago, I've met We Zhao on a bus in Singapore  and Stanley and he's like, well, this doesn't make like, what are you doing knowing our region, our market? Like, how does, how does this make, make sense? So, really enjoyed each other's company and, and kind of kept in touch on checking in on the market, what made sense, what didn't, what was the path that was happening with XRP, you know, where was Binance headed, et cetera. And really wanted to make something work between the two of us in terms of we both appreciated our work styles. So,  You know kind of a great group of them that were there at the Cumberland summit in Singapore last year And and CZ was just you know, so well-spoken such a such a visionary very kind of Lucid in his plans going forward. So I had a huge amount of respect David Binance hoodie on I Think they were beginning to do the Binance hoodies. I mean, it's so hot in Singapore. I'm pretty sure it was a t-shirt They were doing hoodies that would been what one of the questions that  in terms of, yeah, they wanna come to America, but what exactly does that mean for, what is a business that back in January is probably what, two years old or so? Gone from relatively non-existent in 24 months to hundreds of employees, 30, 40 different countries, hundreds of millions of dollars if not more in revenue and EBITDA and just this massive thing that got created out of nowhere and they call you and they say, hey, we're coming to America. What's the plan?  Let's figure out a way to do it. We gave it to you if you can make it work We can make it work if you can't make it work. We now know that we can't be in the US. Yeah And I said, you know what? What's a better canary in a coal mine than to say if I can make this successful fantastic if I can't Wonderful way to leave the entire crypto industry. Yep and find a new job. Yeah, yeah for sure Okay, so you started when I started in the role is CEO Binance US CEO Binance US I run BAMTRA  Buckle up, yeah. All right, and so as you get started, in June, what's your first impression of Binance and kind of how they operate in this super decentralized, fast-growing company? Yeah, I had always, for some reason, struggled when I was even at Morgan Stanley that the pace to which I wanted to operate was always held back. And the ideas that I wanted to execute on  or emails on emails on emails. And so this was just a wonderful pace to say, all right, I'm gonna be running the US, I'm gonna need this, this, this, I'm gonna go after that. It puts a lot of the responsibility on your shoulders. You can't just say you're gonna build a team and then wait for someone to build it for you. You kind of have to then begin the grassroots of recruiting people and going through that process and writing up your offer letters to them. I mean, the whole soup to nuts kind of version is also a great way to do that.  digital asset marketplace. We get a license, the cutting edge technology of Binance, for the matching engine, for the wallet software. A lot of the key features that they've already built out I'm able to license and bring to US users. So I think about it in the ways of what do American users want, what have they been missing in the market, and what can we really adapt for the regulations that we have in place here, and for the gray areas as well. So we launched on Tuesday of last week.  as well as lowering the hurdles in order to understand the space. All right, so before we jump really, really deep down into the products and offerings, how do you look at Binance and what you're bringing to the market as kind of a competitive landscape in the United States, right? Because I think the international markets are very different than the United States markets, or I guess the United States market. And then here in the US, I think that there's a number of  having spent six, seven years already figuring out the recipe for success for them. So I'm able to enter the market having that awareness and then being able to modify on it quickly with a substantial brand behind it and great technology that the rest of the world sees as a good fit. So coming into the US, I have a huge advantage for that but also significantly still the underdog because we are so  So that's one of the things that I want to make sure we can bring that back down and lower the hurdles to entry whether that is cost whether that is understanding let's educate not intimidate and Begin to provide an offering that people really want they've had enough time to Figure out what works in terms of a product side and know what they really care for and we can build that for them and How do you leverage the relationship with I'll call it Binance Global?  just like her, but I was definitely the remixed version of her and could stand on my own and create my own path. So I think that's what we're kind of looking for is the ability to realize that Binance has been adopted by a great, great number of people and has educated the markets in a way that people are hungry for all of that information they're able to provide. And each product they roll out, which they roll out all the time, enhances the experience that the global  foundations, et cetera. How do you see the exchanges that are very crypto specific, right? So it's not NASDAQ, it's not New York Stock Exchange. This is Binance, Coinbase, Gemini, Kraken, et cetera. What's their role in soliciting that institutional interest and participation? Yeah, I mean, for starters, it's very unusual that you would type into your browser something that would give you access to financial instruments. So in most scenarios, you've got a bank's GUI or system  The other side of it I see is infrastructure or crucial elements of the exchanges is it is providing that ability to go and buy and sell digital assets and then begin to explore rolling out different products to those users. So without it, you would have a combination of peer-to-peer or OTC. And I think both of those elements can also be wrapped up into the exchange model. It's just an element of  what business model am I gonna combine with what user experience, with what assets, with what jurisdictions, and you get these really unique offerings, and I think that answers the question of why are there so many? Because it's different things for different people. Right? Yeah, I mean, if you think about BestBuy.com selling only electronics, that made sense. That was your marketplace for electronics, and then Amazon comes around and you can buy eggs, salad dressing, socks, and electronics, and you're kind of like, okay, there's ability to have  or stupid questions I would have come up with. So I'm only gonna focus on the good ones. The good stupid ones are all great too. Well the stupid ones are, maybe we'll throw one or two of those in at the end, but in terms of the good ones, there's a lot of questions, probably almost 25% of the questions, sent around two ideas. One is, and they touch on regulation, but they're one, why only available in certain states to begin with and kind of what does that look like going forward? And then two is what is the framework you use  North Carolina, Louisiana, Alabama, Texas, crowd, New York of course as well. We're not able to serve among a few others. So there are about 13 states we were yet to have the licensing for and that's the real reason. You're in about 37 states. It's about 37 states, yeah. Good math on my part. Good work. And then we just opened up for Puerto Rico as well. Is that ever gonna become a state? I feel like we should just make a decision here. They're humans there.  Is we wanted to get to market quickly? There's not a reason for us to wait on the sidelines until we had all of our licenses when we could start Providing liquidity to this is all money transmitter license money transmitter license state by state and it's a long process but with that it's one that Should be you know pretty methodical we've seen several other groups be able to do it and go through you've seen most when people say I'm able to do this on this exchange it's  our story and our proof of what we're doing to those states state by state. A lot of paperwork. A lot of paperwork. So we've got a great team that's already done this before for other companies so it shouldn't be a problem but do appreciate your patience. Instead of when moon it's like when Texas. There was actually Texas and Florida where the two states are most surrounded by. Well you think about it they've got a lot of great people.  Yeah, I mean you have to kind of think about the advantage for an exchange could be around so many things. I've done the research of the front pages of all these exchanges and they have their taglines of longest standing exchange or longest, most trusted, easy to use, at your fingertips. All those are qualities that we were trying to figure out. What's our advantage here? And for us, variety is one thing that has been a successful model  that risk assessment framework which really walks through each pair into an understanding of is it proper and fit for U.S. users. So breaking down key components within the regulation framework that we've received, although it's a very kind of gray area, are to our best ability to assess whether this is a viable offering for the market. And I've seen just recently today there's been kind  Maybe I'll break it into buckets of like the structure of the asset. Is it the way that it was brought to market? Is it kind of the state that it is in today? Is it all of those things, some of those things? Like how do you think about some of that? You've kind of started one through three and there's probably a handful more of the criteria that we go through. Pretty good guesses. I should be on the legal team at Binance US. We're hiring now.  and maybe you're only traded through Bitcoin, the community behind it, is there a substantial group of active traders or is this one guy in the corner shouting like, please list this? And it's fine if he's gonna be doing serious volume. But there's a need for healthy markets and without that you create kind of this tale that occurs in the market that might lead for  to increase liquidity.