 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you, always.  for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash POMP. Again, that's blockfi.com slash POMP to sign up and start earning crypto today.  sitting here with JP, super excited to record this. Thanks for coming on. Yeah, thanks, Bob. All right. You're young. How old are you? I am 22 and got in this space when I was 14, man. All right. So I met you when you were 16? No, 15 years old, freshman high school. All right. So 15. We'll get to that in a second. What did you do before you were 14 and discovered crypto? So before I was in crypto, I ran a robotics  got it. And what really drove your interest in robotics and starting companies? I think I just really like to see innovation. I like to kind of scale my time with capital and with hiring employees. The way I looked at it was like, okay, if I can get 10 kids in my camp and make $15 per kid per hour, well, I can make $150 an hour and I don't have to work my whole summer. So instead of working my whole summer, I worked for three weeks out of the summer and pay for everything, which was a huge, you know, which kind of motivated me. For sure. And so when  per class, all guys. So the class sizes were 12 people and 12 to 15 people. And next thing you know, Bitcoin still grows down. Bitcoin's crashing into the flash crash. We're all buying and selling crypto. So most of the time we always be on our laptops in school, just buy and sell crypto, altcoins. You know, we would be like, hey, what's the next coin to buy? Let's accumulate coins. We'll try to trade them. And from there we just learned about the whole market. But it was really like the wild, wild West. You thought ICOs were bad. This was a whole other world of just crypto with just let's just duplicate the blockchain.  computers to mine. What like your mind like things like data coin or prime coin. It's basically only CPU mining at that time. And it was really just us having too much time and being stuck in a school. I'm just like we have all these computers. Let's try to write code to deploy this across the whole network. And yeah. At that time the principal approached me and he said, hey, I want to make sure that there's no mining on any of these computers. So just to make sure at the end of the week there's not going to be anything not like I don't know anything about what's happening. But I'm just saying if there is happen to be mining on the computer. Well, was there  showing like, okay, you can build a company. You believe you sold your startup and then went to Facebook. And that's kind of where we were the next four years. I was what I would went into Bitcoin and crypto. And when you came back and when I was in college, kind of like that senior. So before we get to that part, what did you do after high school? You almost didn't go to college. Yes. So I guess during during college, I was really into crypto building, just figuring out mining, understanding that once I got to college, I started once I was twenty sixteen. So senior year in high school, I started my store. So I was spending  a wild rush of how do you build a mining facility, learning everything we could. After that, the mining store continued. We started making a website. We started selling online products and then started scaling the team and company and do multiple deployments for PRTI, the deployment for Inexio. So all these deployments with Sacramento Kings and now we're building modular facilities all across the world. Got it. And so what was the thought process as to why to mine Ethereum versus Bitcoin early on and kind of how did you get to the point where you said,  you can play and where you can play.  and had been working all day, realized, okay, there's a problem, now I have to go buy new power supplies. So it's just learning and there was no stability. Every day the GPUs would crash because the hardware was just in such an early iteration. The PCIe lane riser's cards, where they connect to the motherboard to the graphics card and allow you to run multiple graphics cards on a system. Basically they were horrible and they were just, were failing and then eventually they got better and better and better. So a lot of like maintenance work, a lot of learning about what it means to run a facility. But it was dirty.  the  Be raised with that vehicles in this space now because it is bank and so as you think about this When you were building that first facility you were mining how much a day in a theory reminding over 500 theorem a day Okay, so you're mining over 500 theorem This is that you know a couple bucks right and then it jumps to $10 and then I remember the big Initial jump was was ten to like $30 you're 24 30 bucks and crashed yep And then it ran to a hundred right and then from there and obviously went absolute bonkers to 1400  just deploying those machines over a couple months. Because we were one of the first firms out there, wanting to know mining at the $2, $3 range. And at that point, you're making $1,500 a day, but it just, insulin's insane, just to see the whole thing explode just so quickly. And we're just getting into building out these larger facilities for other people. It's like, there's a huge massive shortage of graphics cards. And at that time, it was, the markets just went crazy. Yeah. And so, okay, so you're doing this, you've got mining store, and over time, you went from more direct to consumer,  and how cost effective can it be. And we try to do it directly on the power source, power generation. So we work with independent power producers, solar farms, wind farms, anywhere we can put this mobile infrastructure and basically build it out in a modular fashion so that you're not building a giant 100 megawatt building, but there maybe will be 10 smaller, six megawatt buildings. And so that's really what we're focused on right now is building these modular facilities, turn keys for customers,  I want to talk about that you have is this idea that everything historically in the mining business has been equity based, right? So you go and you raise money in some sort of venture capital type models. They buy equity in your company, you take that capital, you deploy it, they use cash flows to keep investing. But credit has been non-existent in the industry for quite a while. So either banks won't lend against this stuff, they don't understand it, or traditional investors around bonds, et cetera, hasn't existed. One, talk about the problem first, and then we'll talk about how you're trying to solve it.  infrastructure is what builds the world and infrastructure is built and financed through bonds. So, you know, we're seeing huge interest in for a secured for insured bonds to go ahead and really build this industry up. Got it. And so describe when you say a secured bond, like what exactly is the structure that you think works here? So you can securitize a bond with the asset value with an ABS, which is an asset backed security with Bitcoin you have in  we get the miners to not pay the interest in principle or the principle back, how do you get the miners just to cover your interest and then everything else is extra? So it's using these bonds that have seven, eight, nine percent interest rates and that's even high in the bond market to basically really funnel it in into crypto and understanding that over time, if you're doing a five or ten year bond, that value that fiat is going to go down versus the value of Bitcoin just as we see with the halving and because of Bitcoin's nature being a scarce asset.  and the hedging is there and the derivatives and the swaps and everything is there to protect this asset to be able to give you a flat payout. Now it's just, okay, borrow the money for 6%, I make maybe 30% a year, you keep the spread and you do that at scale. And net 30%, how do you calculate that? So I used, I build all my models off of the US dollar per terahash ratio, which is how much dollars one terahash provides back to you. So right now that's like 20 cents today per terahash and that's been as high as $1.  But you know, there isn't much power available, but less than 25 $20 unless it's very very small and stranded Skirt skirt want to know who has the best URL crypto calm. That's right crypto calm They're a crypto platform with one goal motherfucking mass adoption. That's why we're all here We're trying to get crypto in every wallet crypto calm is helping people do that through buying earning lending and card payment Everything you could want at crypto calm  5 minutes or less, you're mining Bitcoin. All you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide and then you receive over-the-air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over-the-air updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine. Consumer Mining Made Easy. That's right. Go to coinmine.com, tell them Pomp sent you and thank me later.  In terms of these facilities and Bitcoin, etc., is it all Bitcoin mining or do you think that Ethereum, you know, Grin, whatever other kind of tokens and networks that are out there, do you think there's going to be interest in the other stuff or is it all just Bitcoin? I think it's mainly Bitcoin. Bitcoin has the biggest driving force, it had $5 billion in rewards in 2018. It has the largest mining impact out there. As I mentioned, FPGAs are going to crush the GPU coins, in my opinion, and well, there's going to be a squeeze of the market there.  networks like always PUS networks are trying to move to staking. And the big conversation is if you're not spending real world capital, if you're not creating jobs, if you're not using energy, your coins not going to have value. Staking is great, but it doesn't cost much money to stake coins. But deploying infrastructure, shipping machines across the globe, hiring all the staff, all these people's time and energy and money is going into building these projects and the real infrastructure investments into electrical equipment, into building, into land, into mining equipment.  Every electron is going to back your cryptocurrency. And that's kind of what Bitcoin is backed by. Bitcoin is backed by these electrons that we're spending to secure the network. We talk about the biggest computer in the world. Well, that's it. These electrons that we're spending to secure the network are, it's the most important thing to making scarce digital assets have value. That makes a lot of sense. And then let's talk about kind of the energy sources. What are the most popular energy sources? And then I want to really talk about renewable energy versus not renewable energy.  we're seeing those type of industries. Then we're also seeing interest from the nuclear industry coming in and saying we have an extra gigawatt that we can turn on basically instantly, but we need to make sure we have constant use for it. So there's a lot of opportunity there and that's another very, very cheap power source. Like I said, $40 a kilowatt megawatt hour is kind of the bare minimum that you're going to be able to play in the space for right now and we're going to see that move down over time. But at the end of the day, it's really not the cost of power. That's the biggest issue for the industry. It's that credit we mentioned. It's that lack of access to capital.  Right. I'm more in the camp of Bitcoin mining drives adoption and development of renewable energy. Agree, disagree. Definitely agree. Bitcoin mining people, paying a bad picture as one of the worst PR plays for the whole industry. And it's like, oh, your Bitcoin is sucking up all of our power. Well, the nice thing about it is there's unlimited amounts of energy in this world. Energy cannot be created or destroyed. So we have all this excess opportunity here that's going to waste, that's going up in the air methane gas.  power right now is being wasted if we can somehow capture that whether that's you know companies like Caruso energy who are capturing the flare gas right you guys going down and doing a bunch of stuff on the renewable side PRTI who's turning car tires into an energy that's in used to mine there's a lot of people with hydro with wind etc it's a really interesting way to take energy production that would otherwise be wasted and turn it into what ends up being the most powerful computing  it's going to be a race of how many, how many, how much bonds can I issue? How much real capital can I deploy? And that's why I think this space is going to explode in the next two years. Do you think they're already doing it? I don't think, I think maybe at small scales, but not to the scale that we're going to see in the future. It's, it's, they're testing it. People are starting to talk about it. People are saying, okay, Bitcoins went from 3000 to 14,000. It's not dead. This isn't going to die. We need to continue. Cause when we were talking to people at, when it was at $3,000, they're like, don't even mention Bitcoin.  scale to that size without other players noticing and jumping in. The industry has really been, I guess, not distributed, but we've gotten more players in the space. Bitmain doesn't have the 50% control they did. They've had some issues in the past. That's where they've lost some control. And now these other companies like Canon, Silicon, What's Miner are starting to really come up and produce comparable machines. The problem was when Bitmain had all the chips, that's when we're really concerned about 51% attacks. I think right now it's just the industry is growing so fast.  They've had problems with financing and paying those bills. So they're not allocating the type of production, chip production to these companies that they should because they're protecting themselves and just doing 5G. So we have maybe five or 10% of the chip production for TSMC, for Bitcoin miners. And that's going to be hard when the price shoots up and everyone wants them. That's why we saw S9s trade from $2,000 when they started off to over $9,000 apiece. And we had big banks come in and buy S9s for very, very expensive prices.  people are able to see underneath the firmware. And I think that these companies deliver the machines and they have them running 40 tera hashes and they slowly software upgrades. They're not, all these new bitmain S17s they're launching, it's just software. They already run 80 tera hashes, 100 tera hashes in my opinion on their machines. So they're just slowly cranking up for everyone else. Like, oh yeah, we're gonna give you an extra 10 tera hashes. People are starting to write this code and once that SSH bug came out, everyone was like, wait, bitmain,  and if you put a new operating system on it. I think the software, the community itself will continue to develop really good software. That's gonna be able to compete against Bitmain, but these companies have such an advantage and they're running these machines at higher than what they're retailing them for, at least in my opinion. Got it, okay. In your opinion, as you look at the evolution of the hardware, at what point do we get where the ASIC production outperforms  And the FPGA can replace an ASIC and ASIC is only for Bitcoin mining. It's very, very specific. Where FPGA has a lot of availability to change and what the applications could be. With regarding ASIC and kind of where we're growing, I mean, I think over the next 10 years, ASICs might change in shape and size. Right now, everyone builds very small shoebox-like ASICs, but I think we'll see that trend start to change as companies start to build much larger scale operations, full shipping containers, million dollar ASICs, things that are pedagogical.  as the derivatives, as the credit, et cetera, expands, it'll go from more of like a data center, kind of hidden in the shadows type business to literally like office buildings will just have it. Like talk a little bit about what you guys with the Sacramento Kings and kind of how they're using their power and how that might play into this. Yeah, so the Sacramento Kings, we're working with them to do Mining for Good, which is a charity initiative to basically mine in their data center they have in their stadium and donate some of their profits to these charities in the local area.  all around the world and that's to the countries that adopt it. The people, the infrastructure, the utility providers that understand the benefit of mining, that work with miners to do this are the ones that are going to not be left behind. Why doesn't every electricity company just do this? They should. Because they're scared. They don't understand the technology. Every independent power producer should be mining Bitcoin. Every state owned oil and gas company should be mining Bitcoin. Every oil and gas company that's flaring gas, that's putting methane into the air should be mining crypto. They don't understand it. They're scared. The products that come into this space in the next  I'm also going to start putting stuff on YouTube and yeah, that's where you can find me in the company. And where do you live? I live in Houston, Texas now and moved down there a couple months ago. Why? Why in Houston? Houston is the energy capital of the world, man. It's going to be a big Bitcoin mining space, I think, and the industry is really going to grow there with energy companies. That makes sense. What a, before I wrap up, I always ask rapid fire questions. What do you think is the most important company in crypto other than a mining store?  And what do you think is the one regulation that should be changed or improved if you could? We just need more clarity, especially here in the U.S. I mean, I think the biggest thing is, you know, having a way for really like STOs potentially, but in the U.S. it's very hard with the security offering. We're not seeing much liquidity here. So being able to issue capital, being able to find capital and issue shares to investors and being able to have people that, you know, understand the  Absolutely. What one question do you have for me to finish up? Where do you see the mining space in 10 years? Oh, I think everybody who has electricity and Wi-Fi is going to be mining. Everyone, everyone, even if it's 12 cents. No, I just think that it's a no-brainer, right? Anytime that you can have a predictable revenue source by taking electricity and turning it into revenue is one, really valuable, and two, can become quite  Taking 15 seconds to fill those stars in and leave a quick review goes a long way in helping us take the entire crypto ecosystem to the top of the charts. I appreciate you listening and see you next time on Off The Chain.