 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you, always.  for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash POMP. Again, that's blockfi.com slash POMP to sign up and start earning crypto today.  Vegas  There's really no definitive path to NASCAR. It's not like the NFL or NBA where it's pretty obvious that you start out in a Pee Wee football or basketball and play in high school and college. In motor sports, there's a lot of different forms of motor sports that you can start out in and it can take you to a lot of different places. I mean, there's drivers that might start out thinking they're gonna go Indy car racing and end up going NASCAR racing or vice versa.  I raced in go-karts, which is pretty typical for kids between the ages of four and 12. And I had really raced a lot in go-karts by the time I was 12 years old. And I was kind of ready to get into full-size cars. And my dad- At 12? Yeah, my dad didn't want to get stuck racing go-karts for too long. And the dirt tracks in Iowa wouldn't allow me to race until I was 16.  NASCAR type race car that was traveling the country and they allowed 14 year old drivers. So when I was 14 I started traveling the country racing in what was called the ASA late model series. Okay, so at 12 years old, I couldn't even reach the foot pedals. I don't think. Like what is it like being 12 and your dad saying to you, hey, you're gonna get in a real car, you're gonna drive on the pavement and I'm assuming you're competing against like older teenagers or adults. How fast are these things going?  and I was racing against adults. It was quite an experience. At that age you make a lot of mistakes and the mistakes have bigger penalties than when you're racing a go-kart. And my dad, you really had a policy from the time I started racing that he would support the best in the ways that he could support, but I had to fix whatever I crashed.  and  shift with a clutch and everything. Yeah. Wow. All right. And then the NASCAR stock cars that you drive today, those go at what, 220? I have gone 220 in a NASCAR race car. At this point in NASCAR, it really depends on the aero package that NASCAR and the rules, limitations that we have. The fastest I've gone is at Michigan International Speedway. I've gone over 220 miles an hour when we had 900 horsepower and small spoilers.  versus say about 200 miles an hour, but into those corners and turns, it's really not that big of a difference. I mean, 20 miles an hour is 20 miles an hour, but it's not like you're going from 200 and breaking down to 150. Particularly at Texas this weekend, that's because of our Aero package. We have a really big spoiler. Our cars make a lot of downforce. And when we have fresh new tires on the car, the weather's gonna be cool this weekend. One end of the racetrack, turn three and four, has a lot of banking to it, and we can run wide open through that corner without lifting.  competitors  money to spend on driver development, on young driver development. They were looking at asphalt, late model racers, which is what I was doing as the next drivers. There's been, like I said, where I mentioned earlier, the multiple different paths. You have dirt racers and sprint car drivers, people that race in sports cars and road courses. They can all kind of end up in the same place, but that was a time period where the two most prevalent types of drivers were coming from.  and they all put us in race cars and we showed our stuff in front of each other for three different tests. We didn't race, but it was a test. So you drove by yourself on the track, you had to drive the car for a certain period of time, they took a lot of notes, they looked at your data, the car was outfitted with telemetry, so they looked at your driving style, they listened to your feedback. And there were some pretty impressive drivers that were in that test, Joey Logano, who's a NASCAR  test driver for Hendrick, tested Jimmy Johnson's cars, Jeff Gordon's cars, when she gets her grades for that. And how old were you when this was going on? I was 17. So you're 17 and still in school, but also being a test driver for these guys, you've gotta be like, these dudes are legends. So I actually finished, I'm young for my grade, I graduated high school when I was 17, and so this all was kind of happening in my senior, going into my senior year of high school, and I had enough credits that I,  to all of a sudden now you're test driving Jeff Gordon's cars, for Hendrick Motorsports. What are you doing on a day to day basis and are you kind of like starstruck at the time or are you like hey, I'm here to kind of get into these NASCAR races and start winning races? I was pretty starstruck at the time. I mean my first, I can imagine. One of my first jobs at Hendrick was to drive Jeff Gordon's Daytona 500 primary car for 2007 at a show.  different cars for different races or are they taking one car and for each race they're actually changing the aerodynamics and the different components of it but it's the same car and kind of chassis and just changes per race. At that time it was different cars for different races and it's still that way now NASCAR has the rules have kind of adapted to where NASCAR has really tried to make it to where you can run the same car at as many times as possible  each race track. So they might have a chassis configuration with an arrow configuration that works at five or six different tracks. They have a chassis configuration and an arrow configuration that works at two or three other tracks that are similar to each other. They probably have anywhere from nine to ten different iterations over the 38 race schedule that we have. So a lot of what that testing that I did was developing the different arrow maps and the simulation models  There's no salary cap type requirement. There's no driver's union. Yeah, and so help me understand that there's kind of large cap teams, I'll call them, or large teams, and there's a smaller, more budget type teams. On the large team side, most of these are car manufacturers or have some relationship with a car manufacturer. Talk a little bit about how that manufacturing relationship works, and then how does that trickle down into the hardware or the actual car they can put on the track and the advantage  are supported by the big auto manufacturers, Toyota, Ford, Chevrolet. Now those teams also have the biggest sponsorships. They're the most well-funded, they have the best talent, the best leadership, the best engineering, the best drivers. And NASCAR has a rule book that we have to abide by when we build our race cars. But ultimately, even though the rule book has really tight tolerances, we're still responsible for building and manufacturing  They write a check to the teams, but they also have their own engineering facilities where they provide wind tunnel testing and chassis engineering and research and development support. Those teams are building race cars from scratch. They're building chassis from scratch. We don't buy them from anywhere. They're building them from scratch. They're building the bodies. They're taking the cars to the wind tunnel. They're R&D in those bodies. They're honing them in. Even if it's to the thousandths of an inch,  which they own or they develop, and remanufacturing new parts and pieces. So those are the teams that are having the most success. The challenge for the smaller teams in the sport right now are that it is so hard to catch up with that, especially when those big teams are subsidized by the auto manufacturers, because those auto manufacturers are not subsidizing the smaller teams like they are the big teams. So if you're a small team coming into the sport, it's actually more cost effective  by selling whatever it is, however much they want, of their technology back to their competition. Right? Got it. So then they take that, let's say that they've made a car that goes at a certain track, 215 miles an hour. They could technically sell to a competing team technology that makes the car go 205 miles an hour. Right. Right. And that competing team may or may not understand that they're buying kind of inferior technology or configuration.  Instead of making assumptions, let's just say in the most authentic way, the big team that has 600 employees and spends $30 million per car that they field is sharing all of their information with the smaller team that's paying for this information. Well, that smaller team with lesser employees, even with all that information, still lacks the manufacturing capabilities and the manpower to keep up with the iterations that the big team has.  What are they gonna do? They're gonna jack up the price of their technical laws. Right? So, it's, and the same goes with the engine business. The engine business is the same way. The big teams, Hendrick Motorsports, I mean, they own the engine business. So, they own their engine business. And they sell, they lease the engines to smaller teams. So, there's a lot of incentive for Hendrick Motorsports on the engine side of things to make sure that, first of all, they're getting the best engines that they can get.  changing that model. And where do they want to move to? What does that new model look like, you think? NASCAR is really, they're not just looking at, they're making moves and in 2021 we're gonna be racing with a single source manufactured race car. Oh, interesting. So everyone will use the same manufactured car. For all the cars, parts and pieces. It'll be sourced from, or each piece.  and saying how can we improve this. So I can promise you that teams are gonna look at parts that they're forced to buy, right, that we have to put on the car, and they're gonna figure out a way to make it better within the rules, right? So I would say that NASCAR still has a decision to make on how they're gonna police that and how they're gonna make sure that parts haven't been manipulated or compromised and I would imagine there'll be big penalties that come with that.  And this is very similar, so I don't think I've ever told you this before, but I have someone that I know, a gentleman, Lucas Degrassi, who used to be a Formula 1 racer and then was part of and now races in Formula E, so it's open wheel racing for electric vehicles. And if I remember correctly, he had told me that Formula E, everyone uses the exact same car. And so it's this idea that the advantage is not in the  can give feedback and build a car that's balanced for the race. And one of the questions that NASCAR has to answer to their manufacturers are, where are you gonna let the manufacturers compete, right? If you're gonna standardize every part and piece on the car, there's still a huge marketing incentive for Toyota to be the title sponsor of a race team because there's 70 million race fans.  EV technology.  car is very well aware of where the auto industry is going and where they could end up. But it's hard to shake the idea of a V8.  They're a crypto platform with one goal, motherf****** mass adoption. That's why we're all here. We're trying to get crypto in every wallet. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending and card payment. Everything you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine consumer mining made easy. That's right. Go to coin mine.com. Tell them pump setcha and thank me later. One more word from our sponsor block. Bye. Their new interest account allows you to securely deposit your Bitcoin or ether at block five and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. This rate actually compounds. So you receive a 6.2% APY, which is very attractive given the alternatives.  There's at the very highest end, probably spending a million per race on their program. Okay, and there's 38 races? 38 races, yep. And then on the very low end, you probably have cars that spend 100,000 a race. Okay, so 10X though. Yeah, pretty big difference there. And of the team size, as you said, some of the larger guys might have 600 employees. What does that look like on the lower end? So the largest teams, those that are spending a million a race probably are of that size.  through racing because in 2014, a good friend of mine, Josh Wise, who hopefully some listeners on this podcast know who Josh Wise is because he drove the Dogecoin sponsored car a couple times in NASCAR. And the Dogecoin community on Reddit came together and crowdfunded sponsorship for race car. And they even believe it or not, this is crazy and this is why the internet is undefeated.  community came up with $100,000 at least. Wow. Yeah. So, and it was a huge impact on his team at the time. I mean, his team had no sponsorship and they filled some major gaps in the schedule and it was really good for Josh. You know, and so I was really, I loved it. I was super into it and that was my first intro to cryptocurrency. I've never had anyone come on and say the first time I introduced this to Dogecoin. Yeah. Well, I mean, look man, it's honestly that  Once I understood the financial sovereignty side of it, I was pretty interested in it. Really early on, I looked at day trading and the markets and I saw it as buying stocks or selling stocks. Fortunately, I think I was smart enough to say, that's not what I'm gonna do and that's not what I can do. I could probably teach myself or  It's paid off well at times and it's been a struggle at other times. I think ultimately it's taught me a lot about the space because it's kept me engaged in the space as opposed to just hiding my keys and forgetting about it and then checking the price six months later. So it's kept me engaged, it's helped me network and build relationships like the one that we have and other relationships that I have. And ultimately for me, my involvement  a little bit more sophistication to buy the hardware. How do I actually set this up? How do I monitor it or make sure that it's working correctly? That's not like, hey, I just signed up for a Coinbase account and I just let a market order rip and just bought some Bitcoin. So what was the thing that drew you into the mining side and then did you have technical background in terms of understanding some stuff or did you have to really go learn how to set it up?  very surface level understanding. But I think the reason that I was attracted to mining was because it seemed tangible and mechanical to me in a way that I understand how things work. It seemed like it was something that I could understand how it worked. Even though computers can be confusing and networks can be confusing, the operations of computer performance and power usage  that could be where I get, like I said, I'm hooked into the space, but I'm not necessarily over my head. Yeah, for sure. And so, as you look at it in terms of the intersection of racing and crypto, there's obviously the sponsorship angle, right? So there's plenty of crypto companies that would love to sponsor either race cars or drivers or whatever. Are there other elements of either things that NASCAR's doing today or things you can do in the future where you see some sort of intersection  like NASCAR shares a lot of the same core values that people of the cryptocurrency world share. So as these crypto companies mature to the point that they're ready to market to the masses, I think that our demographic is a very similar demographic as far as, like I said, this sort of financial sovereignty and the belief system. So that's why my network in the crypto space is important to me because I think that the opportunity will present itself eventually.  or what's the name of the vessel Spencer Dinwiddie, that's right Spencer Dinwiddie, I mean he's his attempt at tokenizing his contract It sounds genius and it sounds You know groundbreaking, but it's really just another version of what a lot of people are already doing behind the scenes. Yeah, you know Golfers have staked themselves with investors racecar drivers have staked themselves with investors There's I think the blockchain provides a just a technology