 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  series, and IOTA in the show notes.  than I have about how machine-to-machine transactions are going to evolve over time. So thanks so much for coming in and doing this. Thanks for having me on the show. Yeah, for sure. Let's jump right into your background. You've been around crypto for a really long time. So what did you do before you got into Bitcoin and crypto? So before I got into crypto, I was speaking to gaming. Yeah, exactly. Call of Duty and all kinds of PS4 games. And then I realized that with games, you can  and  that I really want to do something in this space. And so what happened then is I started figuring out that Bitcoin is not the only cryptocurrency out there, but there is a lot of potential also in altcoins. And so I started out with mining altcoins. The first one that it was ProteShares, which was created by the infamous Daniel Larimer. And so I started out with that and I made a bunch of money with it. But then I realized that this is not the end. There's so much more.  like  You could see Charles recording the video that he's gonna put on YouTube talking about this grand vision and back then I didn't really fully understand the full scale of this I think nobody really understood the full scale of this where this will go Because at the time it was they were just working on a project like everyone else No one realized that this one specifically is gonna go be worth tens of billions of dollars exactly They didn't even do their ICO So there was just like eight to ten people in one apartment put together sleeping on mattresses So it was pretty crazy, but it really taught me a lot, right?  2013 and I ended up losing all my money which which sucked at the time so I had really this hardship with Switzerland because I Had an apartment there trying to think Through how I can really bring people to Switzerland build up my huge company and everything blew up on them just like that right but then I continued and I really got more involved on the technical side and Then it was flown in by Fenbushi capital to Shanghai which was back they invited me to  developers that I hired was like, fuck it, I'll just learn myself. Was it hard? No, it was a fun challenge. And I realized that the only way to really build something is if you can even know how to build it. So you need to teach yourself. And so I won a hackathon and I told the guys I want a price in Ether. So Vitalik gave me like 30,000 Ether. Wow. For winning the hackathon. All right. So you win the hackathon, you get 30,000 Ether. What's the price? Is that pennies? Back then it was like,  but you don't move forward with the supply chain and the trade finance. Why did you choose to kind of leave it as a concept and not pursue it? I saw it more as a seed funding opportunity for myself because obviously I was broke, I had no money. And back then I also realized that the whole application layer on top of blockchain is simply not there yet. And it's really on the protocol level where you have the biggest opportunity. And that is why I got much more involved in IOTA. So I helped build it all.  How can we make it possible for one machine to actually independently decide what it does with the value that it creates, meaning data or services. And at the end of the day, what you get out of that is really a machine economy, one machine transacting with another machine and creating their own economy, which has tremendous potential for this vision of autonomy and of automation. And we realized that the only way to really realize that machine economy is to introduce a distributed ledger because you want to remove the trust level.  It's not necessarily just something they do for fun, right? It's part of this larger automation story. And so maybe start with just like, what are some examples of where two machines would transact with each other in an automated world? Yeah, absolutely. I think the best IoT example is really the car. The car has become incredibly smart. We are talking about autonomous vehicles. We're talking about cars that are collecting gigabytes of data when you drive around. And all of that is because we want to make smart decisions with our vehicles.  How many miles has it drawn? What was the mileage per hour? All that kind of stuff. And then it also has, I'm assuming, any sort of inputs into the car. So that could be its interaction with sensors. It could be interactions with the passengers who put information into the car. That type of data, who would you be selling that to if you're with a car? Yeah, I think the most important data buyer of the future will be governments, because governments need to be  I'll show you where the parking spots are, et cetera. I can go to the app store and download them for free. Why would that app want to buy data versus just use the free users that it has today? I think this is an excellent question. It really goes into this broader vision of an open permissionless ecosystem. The problem that we have today with those smart city apps is that we're simply fragmenting the entire ecosystem. We have the Uber app, we have the train app, we have the airline app, but the entire  missionless way for everybody to start selling and participating in this data economy. With the idea behind that, apps that are building on top of it really have the holistic picture where something is available, where something is not available. And the idea here is really to break down those barriers. And at the end of the day, what is a smart city for? Who are their main customers? It's the citizens. They want to make their user experience, the services that are provided to them as easy as possible.  user experience itself where the corporations simply take your data and just start selling it. Best example is Facebook and we're also seeing this with some of the car manufacturers where they're really selling your data as you're driving around. What's a good example is in the airline industry where the planes, the plane operators don't even own the turbines. But the data itself that is generated from the turbines gets back to the manufacturer so they can really do predictive maintenance. So they have like a service level  creates the data, will understand the value of it and will actually monetize it themselves. Yeah, exactly. I think one of the most exciting parts about this data economy is how it will actually impact our products that we purchase today. Because the data component itself can, for example, offset the price of the product that you buy. You can go and say, hey, you can have access to my data for a lifetime, but I want to get a cheaper product. Or you can, for example, get the product itself for free and you submit the data. Best example is a wider station that you get for free, but you sell  those workers won't have skills necessary to make a living, so we should step in and we should just give these people money in order to provide some base level affordability of life. There's an argument to be made, right? I see the logic that somebody's using. For me, I'm probably more in the camp of those incentives seem a little off, right? But the way that it would make sense to me to get the same impact where people have money to live would be this  Hold on to it or retain it bundle it up in different things, right? So here's all of my health data. Here's all my exercise data. Here's my sleep data. Here's my content data. Here's my entertainment data, whatever and then have people basically come and purchase it from me, right? So whether it's people want it for research people want it for Marketing people want it for you know, whatever it is that you know walkability in a city whatever I could probably actually if I had the demand and I had their ownership of my data I could probably generate a living  and these kind of concepts, I definitely think that the whole vision of automation and autonomy is to make our lives easier, to really move forward into a much brighter future, where machines start taking off some of our hard work and hard labor today and making much better and more individualized products, because that is the big vision of Industry 4.0. We want to make machines that are not, products that are not mass produced, but really products that are individually fit.  a metal piece or something to a cobot who's then processing it and going really from the raw product to the produced product. Got it. So really the cobot, if you will, it's very similar to a machine, what we used to call a machine, right? Where maybe we had an assembly line and somebody took something off the assembly line and handed it to the machine and the machine, you know, stamped it or something. The person took it back and put it back on the assembly line, right? You know, that type of interaction between machine and human, the cobot,  interesting point that automation is really a reaction to a labor shortage. So that's interesting. So that means we need to start innovating in order to make up for this labor shortage because also we have some serious problems. The best example is what's happening in trucking. We have a real shortage in a yes with truck drivers and now we really need to start figuring out with autonomous vehicles how we can solve that problem. And the same is true with with Iota, right? We are moving towards a future  decisions, the factory can produce things by simply just sending it instructions, you know, whether it's remotely or on site, that world is going to require a lot of innovation to get there. Like we are nowhere near being able to do that today. Right? What do you think are the biggest challenges between where we are today and like a fully autonomous kind of automated world? I think a lot of this has really more to do on the philosophical and social side,  in these social sciences, in universities, to think about these problems. And the other problem is, obviously, we need to start upgrading our existing infrastructure with these new concepts. That is also one of the things that we've seen while we are working together with bigger corporates is like, how can you actually integrate a distributed ledger on a very old system that is currently running at the big corporate, where they still use old IBM mainframes and stuff like that? So it's really about how can these new worlds  with each other, right? So in terms of I'm a machine in the same room as another machine, I tell it what to do. And then the third is they transact with each other, right? So I kind of think of it as there's physical things to interact with, there's information to interact with, and there's value to interact with, right? I think that what you guys are doing is going after the value interaction. But let's talk about the first two first, right? So physical interaction between two machines I think is pretty self-explanatory.  is no longer a buzzword. It was a buzzword 10, 15 years ago, but now it really is starting to bear its fruits, meaning it's actually being productive, it's actually having an impact on our lives. That is sort of how I always measure success for technology. Can you really feel the impact of it? And with IoT, especially in the industrial world, you can truly feel it. And the most, talking about the communication side of things, the most ironic part about the intent of things is that it's not about the internet, because Wi-Fi,  no longer connected to the cloud, but it's really one machine connected to other machines in this fuck and edge computing environment. And that is where you need to start now introducing the third layer, which is this transactional part, so that the machines themselves can really start creating their own consensus in this network, can start securing transactions and data, and can start transacting with each other from that. Yeah, and to me it feels like as you see more and more machines come up  of this slide where we're defined is three steps of IoT. Okay. So the first one was dumb decentralization. Dumb centralization. Decentralization. Okay, dumb decentralization. Explain that. So think about your old washing machine that had the simple job to do. You press a button, it starts twisting around, it cleans your clothing. It was not connected, it could not talk with other machines. It was not smart. Now, most people don't even know how to talk to their own washing machine, let alone to talk to other machines. But all right, keep going. Exactly. So where we are today is  Everything becomes automated because of the cloud. Not because of the devices themselves. The devices are only a small component of this. Now the big problem here is, and that is why distributed ledges are so exciting, is in the smart centralization world we really have a single point of failure, which is the cloud. The cloud is the smart component here. Now if the cloud goes offline or we have no connectivity, we have a very expensive device that is super stupid, that cannot really automate my life.  itself that has no connectivity. But that's also why it's dumb, right? Because it's unconnected. That's step one. Step two is what you just described as smart centralization, which is now the machine actually has data capabilities and some intelligence, but the way that that was accomplished was by connecting them all to a central point, right? Which is the cloud. So Nest is Nest HQ, if you will, is the central point that all of these Nest smart devices are connected to.  and start collecting their talks, their conversations. And it's kind of a scary future and that is exactly where we are today where those large corporations actually own the devices, they own the ecosystem and they make decisions of what happens with the data and with the machines that are part of this ecosystem. Nest tomorrow could just decide, hey, like we want to discard this product because we no longer want to maintain it, it's too expensive. And now you as a customer complete the script. You cannot do anything about that.  to throw me off.  here is that collective intelligence, right? This is pretty non-controversial at this point, that the power of the crowd, right? And if we can actually use sensors and machines and all this kind of smart hardware to better collect, then to analyze and then eventually implement the learnings from those data, the world's going to be way better off than if we couldn't do it. Exactly. And not only that, but you also become much more resilient against attacks. So today we live in  cannot be taken down, meaning we removed a single part of failure that we have today. All right. So I'm going to use an example that I think illustrates this. We haven't talked about this, so you got to tell me if I'm wrong or not. And I should be honest. The Apple iPhone to me is a great example of what you're describing in the sense that take the biometric. So the facial recognition, the thumbprint, right? All these things, they're locally stored on the consumer device. So if Apple, the company,  the device, right? So there's just no connectivity to send your biometrics to Apple. But some of it is at the user level, I have control over the privacy of my data. Yeah, that generally makes sense around this kind of smart decentralization. No, that's a really good example. I can give you a better example and also transcend into why you need to create an open ecosystem with this intelligence. Okay. So so the best example that we have today of a network of devices that is using these similar concepts is Tesla, which are autonomous vehicles.  Tesla is a gated community. They're their own ecosystem. And there's millions and millions of cars out there that could actually really benefit from the data that Tesla has. But Tesla has so much more to benefit from them as well. And now here comes a vision of Iota in how do you break down those barriers so that the Tesla vehicle is going to share data with the Renault car, with Volkswagen car. The way you can go about this is two ways. The first one is you do the traditional way. You create a new consortium.  the ones that benefit don't benefit are the end consumers because now the data is not being shared. So how do you break down those barriers? You simply introduce an incentive mechanism. Every company wants to make money. That's their goal, right? And a very good point that was made recently is data should be part of your balance sheet of a large corporation. And now what happens in this vision is that Tesla started to sell data to Volkswagen, to Renault,  Meaning that we are the open permissionless protocol that everybody can go to if they want to secure data or if they really want to enable payments, which obviously require trust that you can trust that is going to be submitted and it's going to be confirmed and it's actually secure. And so we are really sort of the middle layer here that enables this vision of a machine economy. So in our future that we envision is that every device has their own wallet and it can really start transacting through IOTA.  device, which is my smartphone that I'm physically holding hits the scanner and then there's a payment made in the back end. Is that kind of the smartest version of how the quote machine to machine transaction works today? And when it comes to value transfer? Yeah, yeah. Like this, that's a good example. And we also have our own wallet where we really focus on those more consumer payments. But fundamentally what we are doing is how can we integrate our software into the car, into the machine itself on the hardware. That is why we are  future, how can the charging station actually know that the car is there? Unless we really have an identity protocol, the only way to remove this trust is by making it possible for the car to pay the charging station. And as soon as the payment, the micro payment is done, the charging station will release the energy flow. And now the car is able to verify, hey, I'm getting electricity, I should release more payments. And through that you start, you have a very interesting mechanism to remove trust in our society.  I gotta reach out, I gotta put change in or I give them some kind of pass, etc. Charging, parking. I mean there's a lot of things you can do with your car, a speeding ticket. I went too fast, I gotta pay, right? All the stuff. What you're really talking about is removing the friction of the human element of those transactions where the end result's the same. I get gas, I paid for it. Or I get electricity, I paid for it.  up from some of these very mundane tasks, like getting out of your car, getting a parking ticket, and stuff like that. You can really start automating all of this by simply introducing payment mechanisms or data transfer mechanisms. And that is what we are fundamentally focused on. And that is why also so many corporates and governments are super excited about this future because for them, they also understand that these are new business models for them and new revenue streams. And they make their cars so much more appealing to purchase as well.  it can hold money, right, digital currency, and then it can pay that to certain sensors or kind of counter parties for certain activities. So whether that's gas, tolls, electricity, whatever. But the second thing is there's also the ability for the car to sell the data it's generating and in return receive payment into that digital wallet for having sold the data that it was generating. Is that all right? Yeah, exactly. And this is what the machine economy itself is about.  autonomous machine driving around, because as you drive around you generate data and you can start selling that. You have a pot hole, you can sense that. And then you can submit the data, you're stuck in traffic, you can submit the data. And that is really the exciting part about this future, right? How can we make it possible for these machines to just start functioning like ants? Start transmitting data. So I want to play devil's advocate, right? There's a lot of people who are listening to this who are going to say, you're full of shit, right?