 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  many of these types of episodes, but when I do, they'll be due to a personal curiosity and I'll do my best to make them informative and entertaining. I really enjoyed this conversation with Bruce and I hope you do as well.  That's right. You purchase it. It shows up at your doorstep. You pull it out of the box. You plug it in, connect to your Wi-Fi, five minutes or less, you're mining Bitcoin. All you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide. And then you receive over the air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over the air updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine. Consumer mining made easy. That's right. Go to coinmine.com. Tell them POM said,  Again, that's BlockFi.com to sign up and start earning crypto today.  So before we kind of get into the fun stuff, I want to just start with your early life and your kind of your childhood and your background so that when we talk about some of your work today, people have an understanding of the perspective that you're coming at this from. Where were you born? What was your early childhood like? Sure. I'm from a small town in the southwest of England called Stroud, which is a rural town and basically, you know, a crowded backwater place, not much.  have like a mystery, you know, like the pyramids or crystal skulls, you know, all those kind of strange, classical strange stuff. And I just found them I just found them really fascinating, to be honest, I suppose as as time went on, you know, I began to read in those topics. And that's where it developed from. Got it. And so as you kind of went through school and everything, was there anything that you did in terms of like research or was it really more just personal curiosity and entertainment to some degree? Yeah, I mean, at the early age, we  to have this as a kind of a side project. I also had experiences of my own. I had a number of strange kind of psychical experiences, like what we call telepathy, knowing what people's thinking, and doing knowing people's names that I would meet in a club and I would tell them their name, total strangers. So those are the kind of events, of course, that then intrigue you as to, well, if it can happen to me, then it must be happening to other people. There must be a valid phenomena here that's worth studying. So it wasn't just because I found  the city. But alongside that, yeah, maintain an interest in really all things mysterious, you know, the full gamut from shamanic topics to courses, we've covered some of the extraterrestrial lost civilization, it really started to, you know, it starts to snowball, you find that most of these topics, they link into each other. So inevitably, if you if you explore one of them in any depth, you start to encounter all the others, right? So it becomes quite a  Most or all areas of science today, that within the existing popular consensus theories, you'll find anomalies, these little bits of data that don't fit the theory and that has yet not been resolved by further research, further experiments. So of course, in respect to say, ancient history and human origins, we have a number of anomalies and that's partly because of a lack of data.  anomalies. I'm interested in all of these really to some degree and obviously only in some areas I have special skills which allow me to resolve some of them or attempt to resolve some of them. So that's my focus is really on anomalous science. Because of the SPR, the Society for Psychical Research, they deal with anomalous phenomena and probably one of the more famous organizations that they'll research the paranormal and psychical type claims, you know, and they'll apply scientific rigor to test  in the 80s, right in the UK, and studies everything from ghosts to crop circles, aliens, UFOs, kind of all of these things that I think have entered into the mainstream culture in more kind of memetic type or comedy, right? It's kind of like the jokes and kind of personal curiosity, but no one would ever openly admit in a, you know, traditional professional corporate environment,  Surely there should be no area of human experience or human observation, which is beyond the remit of scientific investigation. So I think it's a sad fact that we ever developed this kind of, you know, farcical kind of joke approach to certain areas of human experience. Because if hundreds of thousands of people report seeing a ghost or report, I know, seeing aliens or whatever it is, you know, that is a valid phenomena for scientific research.  a lot of this work and really kind of around this idea of intellectual life outside of Earth comes down to the idea that science is supposed to be experimental, right? There should be no sacred cows. The idea of forming a hypothesis, putting it through that scientific rigor and being comfortable coming out on the other end with whatever facts and conclusions are there, right? So not saying, I'm going to rigor.  in this, right? But as a friend recently told me, you know, look, one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs that we could have in our lifetime would be the discovery of intelligent life outside of Earth. Right. I mean, that is a an inflection point in both the Homo sapiens on Earth, but also in the trajectory, right? If all of a sudden we know that there are other people out there, we can confirm that we know where they are, etc. I think that it  Potential to connect with other intelligences, you know, yeah I think would be an enormous rewrite for a lot of our thinking we perhaps probably the two biggest questions out there in introducing science and philosophy other you know, does any element of us survive death and are we alone in the universe? I mean, there's there's not many other questions that are on par with those right? I mean we all at some point will probably Ask those two questions for sure and I think there are  Yes, there is an afterlife or there is other life out there outside of Earth. Again, it produces a level of confidence and kind of finite answers that again change the behavior and understanding that humans have today. Absolutely. And one of the things we know as well in the facing the scientific and the tech world as well is that if you know that there is something out there which is possible that you can't do yet, right? But you know, say a competitor can do something or  really change how we go about developing new technologies, right? Because if we know, civilization X can create such and such a machine, then we can, right? So I think we're gonna have to see that happen as long as we can establish that there is something there and they have these technologies that would really change the way we go about developing future tech and things like that as well. So it could, I think it's an amazing impact. And of course, I'm underlying this, we'll get to obviously, I'm liking that,  replicate, right? We're going to have these these tick tack things, whatever they're being called. People are going to look at those and say, well, hey, you know, how do we stop it, you know, immediately and then suddenly change? I'm sure that's already happening. I'm sure that's, you know, that's been worked on probably since the first detection, right? So if there's ways of studying other elements of that technology, now, assuming it's, again, probably not human made, then we're going to start to change  this where they've had teams of scientists have been given almost like a fake video of something to show them that it's possible and that it's changed the belief set of the team, right? Because it's like, well, hey, look, someone else can do it. Then you can. And then you think, oh, right. Yeah, we must be able to, you know, whereas beforehand they would have assumed it was impossible and they've gone on to develop that. I can't remember the specific case where I read that, but obviously again, it does seem that you're able to change people's thinking. That's seeing is believing, right? That we will say it. But if you can see something  Really what that is is pre human, right? There were pretty well confirmed, pretty well accepted dinosaur life on Earth, right? And this is a whole host of various types of creatures, many of them that don't exist today. And the first kind of thing I want to talk about is this idea that there is one theory that is pretty well accepted that there was a meteor strike into Earth  crust of the earth, right, or actually hitting earth in the way that we think about it. And due to that blockage of the sun, there was a drastic cooling of temperatures on earth and then it ultimately led to the extinction of dinosaurs because they just couldn't survive in that climate. You know, one, just are you on the side of, hey, that is valid? Are you on some other theory there? And then talk to me a little bit about the science  play a huge role in the story of life. But we know today that they do. We know that there's been mega events, as you said, the dinosaurs were essentially eradicated, or most of them, certainly the larger dinosaurs, and the remnants were forever changed. We have, obviously, species that arise from them, but the large dinosaurs essentially died off. And the mammal age really began because of that. So without an event like that,  change. We've had all these different kinds of problems with huge die-offs and those have absolutely shaped the environment for us and allowed for our development. So I think, yeah, I'm definitely on board with these catacombs were not only even valid and real, but hugely important to our story, even though they sort of occurred hundreds of millions of years ago, you know, that they still have shaped the world to where we are now and allowed us to become, if you want, you know, at least  the room, the atmospheric pressures and chemistry and ultimately strikes the crust of the earth. Is that a fair way to describe what's going on with those meteor impacts? Yeah, absolutely. We've got a lot of debris out there that's orbiting the sun as we are at various distances. Obviously, we have the Oort cloud much further out, but we have the asteroid belt, which is nearer to us. Some of these objects will come into the inner solar system at times. We have, of course, comets as well on larger  really large, maybe a mile across kind of chunk possibly coming in. Those are obviously much more irregular. The smaller chunk, yeah, we do every thousand years or so, again, this is an average, we'll get something that could take out of town or something if it landed in the wrong place.  and specifically in the Antarctica region that created an impact similar to that of which, you know, ultimately killed off the dinosaurs. Yeah, that's right. I mean, as part of my current research project, I was focused on a period around 780,000 years ago. And it turns out that there was extensive widespread destruction from a number of impacts, asteroid impacts at that time.  or so, earthquakes, you have dust thrown up into the atmosphere which causes cooling. What they think is the impact, the effects were lessened by the fact that it was an ice age at the time. So for example, the hits that Antarctica went down into the ice, they did melt quite a lot of water, they rose to sea levels. But I think those tsunamis are drastically reduced by the amount of sea ice that you've got. So there were some factors that you could see  that some of the energy is going to be dissipated into the huge chunks of ice and the sea ice as well covering huge amounts of the ocean. A lot of the energy that would normally go into the wave is being dissipated into that ice as it radiates out. If you imagine this kind of this wave, obviously it's connecting with ice, so it's losing energy into the ice. So unlike if you've just got open ocean, that wave moves fairly freely. I mean, it's still losing energy as it goes.  enormous waves once they came on to land. The kind of energy you're dealing with with an object say two, three miles across hitting is just, it's just stunning. It's the waves that go around the world multiple times. It's the sonic booms that go around the world multiple times. Firestorms, of course, the dust that's thrown up, it's simply a nuclear winter. I mean, it sort of boggles the mind to imagine the level of destruction that you're talking about. And there may be other  the idea of a geomagnetic reversal. Sure. I mean the current understanding is that due to the movement of molten iron in the core of our planet and also molten lava, the movements of this material are causing electromagnetic fields. So we have this almost like a dynamo effect that the Earth is constantly generating and regenerating its own electromagnetic fields. Now these extend out into space and they have a kind of beneficial effect in some ways. They do block some of the  And the exact position of the north and south poles would also shift a bit during this process, right? So the last time this fully happened was again 780,000 years ago, the period we touched on. But there have been many of these reversals going all the way back to the beginning of our planet. And when they occur, the fields will weaken considerably first. And this allows cosmic radiation, cosmic engines to come into the system. And now there are thoughts that this itself may be  because of course it's going to impact all of our high technology, right, all the electric fields that we use, we utilize, like we're going to have a problem. So this could impact all our satellites, you know, again, if you take out our satellites, right, most of our high tech world would sort of crumble really, right. So it is something that is monitored, you know, carefully, there's a concern. We don't expect it to be so fast as to be that, you know, next year, you know, suddenly it flips. Usually it's over centuries.  So when magma is produced in an event, when it solidifies, it will solidify with the field direction that was current at that time. So when geologists look at ancient rocks, they can basically find, you know, they're different periods in time. The magnetic field in those rocks is opposite to the direction that we have now. And so over time, they've been able to pinpoint fairly accurately when these past reversals have occurred.  kind of the origins of human history, right? Or the Homo sapiens. How long ago are we talking about? Right. And we go to the earliest hominins. Now, the humans are essentially part of the hominins group. Okay, so all hominins are humans. So we tend to think of humans as us, but that's a bit of a misnomer. Essentially, the earliest hominins lived around about six, seven million years ago. Now, these would have been  and less like chimpanzees and orangutans. So they have distinguishing morphology and cranial capacity that's increasing. They are on their way towards it. But these definitely you wouldn't think it was being like, if you got on the bus, you wouldn't be like, that's a normal guy. I'll sit next to him. They were quite recognizably more like eight men. It took several million years for the forces of evolution. There's many different ones actually involved. And when we think of  to be killed off, who survives. But there are others. We now understand that there are things like we have these feedback loops in epigenetics where you can be changed by your environment within a lifetime and that can be passed on to at least a couple of generations of your children. So if you go through a famine, your system will change to adapt to that famine, the way you burn energy. But that can also be passed down so that your grandchildren are no longer living in famine, but aspects of their biology are still adapted to being in a famine.  two million years ago, we have the beginnings of Homo erectus. Now this will be a recognizable human relative that it's starting to get the height, we can start to get a larger brain, it's certainly a lot smaller than ours, about half the size, but we're getting the features that would be more uncommon to our own species. And they're really where the human story gets interested because Homo erectus are the first of these hominins to be really, really,  of Indonesia and Southeast Asia that we have them out across many of the islands. Flores has tools on it that date to over a million years ago. So, Homo rexis is really the first global human, right? And then this fairly evolution goes on from there. Our own species, Homo sapiens, we don't start to emerge until around about 800,000 years ago, roughly. Got it. And the way that I look at this, and again, this is coming from someone who is not nearly as educated on the  fictitious or religious kind of a story. And this really is tied to the, and I'll probably pronounce it wrong, but the Anunnukai. But this are, you know, these direct descendants from the gods and goddesses, and they really had come down to essentially decree the fate of humanity, right? And this is depicted in a lot of the Mesopotamian art and kind of, again, very similar to what we would consider like religion today.  Asia and Australia region of the world. How do you think about the geography of the origins of humans and which camp do you fall into?  model where now people are familiar the idea is that supposedly modern humans came out of East Africa in a wave around about 70,000 years ago and then populated to Eurasia eventually Australia and last of all America right definitely isn't supposed to be like average Australians you know down in America 50,000 years ago. So this is what I found is and I've packed this up with with all solid  to Southeast Asia, I would say in Australia, the evidence has been removed by huge sea level changes. So we've lost a vast amount of land down in Southeast Asia and Australia. And also there's no reason why they wouldn't have reached the Americas. Okay. So I'd say we have a vast population. And then what we have over time is climate changes. We have, obviously, Catholicism, we'll change the locations where you'd find the bulk of these people. So they move both into Africa, out of Africa,  subspecies, which a number of scientists now recognize that what we're really talking about is homo sapiens neanderphalensis, homo sapiens denosova, and homo sapiens sapiens, right? Because we all get all into breed, we know that, we were, in fact, most of us, you know, have some level of neanderthal, or denosovan, or a mixture of that and other hominid, ancient hominids in us, right? Because essentially, we're one species, you know, we don't have a problem with breeding. There's minor issues, it does seem sometimes  you get acid rain, the plants are dying, animals die, animals die, humans that depend on those animals and those plants die, the water is poisoned with sulfuric acid. So you can imagine this is a catechism on an immense scale. What we have is a die-off of most of the hominins of Eurasia. Now some of them are pushed to the west and some are pushed to the southeast, i.e. if you get below the equator, you're okay. So if you can get down into either Southeast Asia or Australia,  the rest of it was to