 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcast in crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pumps got you always.  strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash Pomp. Again, that's blockfi.com slash Pomp to sign up and start earning crypto today.  for coming in and doing this. Thanks for having me, Paul. What's your background? Where'd you get started? How the hell do you end up at eToro doing marketing? Well, I actually started as a journalist way back in the day when I was 15. Started a blog, was mostly a music journalist, so I would shoot bands and film concerts. And, you know, that was sort of my first exposure to what I didn't even consider as marketing at the time is  By the end of it, we had about a dozen clients, Western Canadian acts that were touring the country, touring the US. And then, you know, a year and a bit into that, I ended up going to New York for a summer and then never leaving. What brought you to New York? Mostly for work. So at the time, I thought that I'd be able to pivot from Canadian PR into US PR. And who would have guessed it's not as easy as you would expect.  the  Growing that as a hobby for a long time. I About a year after that I found out there's about a dozen of my friends back home We were all closet Bitcoin people so we started a slack group and I'm still in that today We talk about market sentiment and news and share each other's experience. Some of us are full-time crypto now, so it's really fun It's awesome What um what really good caught your eye in the beginning when you saw it? It's so different and I'm coming from music. What was the big the big catch there?  Works on shift network. I know he's been on the show before and that was one of his first projects was a remittance project and Ever since then it's sort of always stuck with me. You guys knew each other before crypto. We grew up together. Really? Yeah Wow Alright, so when you decide hey this crypto things real, you know bitcoins interesting, etc What was kind of how did you get to eToro? What was the path? Wow. Yeah, so I started my first crypto company, I guess three years ago  the opportunity to grow that brand and now they are what they are and that was a really fantastic experience. What was the best part about BlockFi? And before all the trolls on Twitter get mad, I'm an investor in BlockFi through Morgan Creek. Their advertisers on the podcast, there's all the disclosures, but they're awesome. Go sign up for an account. BlockFi.com slash POM. It works. It does. It does work, right? Actually, Brad is the one who, the very first ad we ever ran on the podcast. That's right. That's right. That's because of Brad and BlockFi.  Like I'm not a trader, so that's not really my angle. I focus on customer acquisition and growing brands, right? So what I saw with BlockFi was that here's a company that's gotten some funding from a few exciting places, and this was still when we were on our seed. They're not an ICO company, which was something that I personally wanted to avoid going forward. And their product was something that I saw immediate use cases for.  No financial advice, but I use it as a- Exactly. So yeah, that was a really cool experience for me and a lot of best practices setting there and yeah. Got it. And then you moved over to eToro earlier this year. What was that like? That was a really cool experience. So after speaking with Yoni, our CEO, and speaking with Guy, who's our MD of the US business,  I just saw a really big opportunity in that and you know, it's it's like working in a start-up environment because there's like 20 people in our office But we have the infrastructure of a you know, very large organization. What does eToro do? I think a lot of people see the advertising. We should start with that. What exactly does eToro do? All right, so eToro is a social trading platform. What is that? They have some bullshit young man up?  is coming next year.  firehose of Twitter. So they ingest like 850 million tweets a day from crypto Twitter. They cut out the spam, they score the tweets, and they basically produce signals for prop traders. And they generate their yield off their trading strategies. So what we did with them is we partnered, made a light version of their signal strategy, and we launched that publicly for eToro users around the world. Got it. And how does the copy trader function?  say, hey, just copy what Brad does. If you own, if you're in Europe and you own Apple stock and you sell your Apple stock, then it would sell it in my portfolio as well. If you then took that money and you bought some other, say Bitcoin, then it would buy Bitcoin in my account as well. It just literally mimics exactly what you're doing in real time. So I get basically the performance that you get. And so rather than give you my money to manage, I'm basically just copying what you're doing. That's right. That's exactly how it works with the global product. For example, you mentioned stocks. So in the US, we're crypto only right now.  eToro.com slash Pomp. And there's a whole bunch of stuff here around trading, et cetera. What's your role at eToro? Right, so I run US marketing for eToro. What does that mean? So customer acquisition, brand marketing, I oversee event marketing as well as PR. Anything that's sort of outward facing from a messaging or acquisition standpoint. All right, and as you guys look  to  space on publishers that we think our customers are on. We don't really buy articles, we buy banners. I know that there's some confusion with that sometimes in crypto land. So we like to experiment a little bit with everything. But when we try something, we do a real deep dive execution on those plans. Cool. So I wanted to bring you in because I want to talk about just marketing.  So it really depends on the product, right? So we are a trading platform. Obviously, you know, there's the key value propositions being social trading platform, great place to buy and sell, the basics, right? Good app, the whole deal. But then you have to think about who your customer is, where they are, what are the most effective ways to access these people and develop your full marketing funnel, right?  leveraging them to promote your brand further through things like refer friend programs. You're hitting them through email marketing. There's a million different things to hit on this funnel. And then you've got sort of your lower funnel where you're worried about conversions. So we like to, we're investing quite a bit in optimizing our website funnel, our customer acquisition funnel, and just making it as smooth as possible for people during the onboarding process. Got it. Top of the funnel,  leading of a platform that although sometimes you're winning a little bit of mindshare, you're not actually selling people, selling's not the right word, but you're not endearing themselves to your brand. So sometimes that's a liability, but none of these things are like existential truths, right? Sometimes things don't work, some things do work. Sometimes an ad campaign that you put all over the subways  convert? Are you able to kind of in the marketing plans, maybe identify or measure that level of granularity? Or is it much more kind of, Hey, you know, we ran banner ads on a website. This how many people saw it, how many people clicked and then we converted, but you can't really necessarily track back how many other times they see your ads and things like that. Like, like what level of granularity can you actually get to? Yeah. So, I mean, the objective is always to get as granular as possible, even if your strategy doesn't go through all those layers of granularity.  opportunities to optimize. But sometimes, you know, there is such thing as being too granular because the program becomes too complex. So in order to A-B test or optimize those programs in the long term, it needs to be like a manageable size, right? So if you have an email drip campaign that's 25 steps deep, that's way too many because you're going to be testing buttons.  So you come up with some ad copy, some talking points. You let those run for a few weeks, see how that performs, change it up for a few more weeks, compare the two. It really depends on your marketing style, but there are certain things that you can geek out about and other things you sort of just have to let it breathe. Yeah. And then how do you think about, when I worked at Facebook and we would really work on growth, right? It's actually growing users. We used to break it down into, you know,  even just in your acquisition side of things. And yeah, you have different priorities and messaging and funnels for all those different steps. And the reason I ask is because one of the things that's different about crypto and Bitcoin than let's say like, you know, a social application or a mobile app or something is that like the whole idea of like holding is a use case. Right. So I went on somewhere, I bought Bitcoin and I'm just holding on to it. I'm not necessarily transacting.  13 and I've never sold any of it. Like I'm just a long-term holder. So my lifetime value on an exchange is the fact that I dollar cost average. So I buy a small amount once a week and I've been doing that for a couple of years and that's my value to them. However, for customers that sort of buy once a quarter, like once every few months, those are valuable people too because a lot of these people keep their equity on the exchange.  I think Casa does really amazing things and I think that the core from a marketing perspective with them is that they obviously pay a lot of attention to customer experience and you know, this is a brand that's not just online like so much in crypto is magical internet money that you have no physical connection to and they do a really fantastic job of making  let's say crypto adoption, to the point where we all sort of are striving and hoping that we're all gonna end up where everyone in the USA is engaged in one way or another with either Bitcoin or cryptocurrency more largely. There's three steps how I think about it. So there's sort of like the MVP, which was early days people sort of buying stuff  beta testers and we've got a little bit of a proof of concept. So people are onboarding into the ecosystem. We're seeing that the base layer is usable. You can trust it. You know, the Bitcoin protocol hasn't been taken over by some bad actor. So we have a bit of an idea of where we can go and we're sort of listening to the needs of the consumer. And we're sort of in some middle stage before what the third  ecosystem that sort of mirror what goes on in the traditional finance world in order to get people comfortable with the technology. And then from there you can start building and innovating to whatever that future tech is because people are already onboarded into this decentralized free flow of money technology. And how do you think about like what I'll call more of the ancillary platforms, right? So like Reddit isn't huge in traditional marketing.  before they were shitposting on Twitter all day. That's where I discovered Bitcoin for the first time. But the flip side of it is that now Reddit, for a large percentage of the content on there, has actually been gamified by marketers. So most of the stuff that does hit the front page or hits your timeline is something that someone more than likely manipulated to get there in one way or another. And I'm not saying all of the content is, but a good chunk of it is.  wallet. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending, and card payment. Everything you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  dot com, tell them POM sent you and thank me later.  on YouTube, like people like Luke Martin, who are just churning out all this really high end content all the time. And there are people like learning how to do their entire careers based on watching videos of him every day, right? It is one of the fastest growing platforms in marketing in general. And I think people have started noticing how YouTube has really invested in their ad placements. They're blowing it up. You can do Google shopping ads through YouTube,  traditional marketing and these social platforms from a cost of acquisition standpoint. Is it a material, like a magnitude difference? Is it actually not as big of a difference as people think? Just like how do you think about I have X dollars to spend, I need to be as efficient as possible. Is it true that the online platforms are that much more efficient or is it really the case depending on what I'm trying to accomplish and what the channel I choose is? Yeah, I mean, customer acquisition costs are actually not that much different.  every person we could think of on Twitter first one to not be able to name somebody loses to not be able to name somebody yeah so okay you throw out a name I throw out a name and we'll see who who has to give up first all right they have to be somebody who there's three criteria yeah they have to be somebody who's into Bitcoin crypto etc yeah they have to be regularly engaged yeah right and they have to have some element of being a smart-ass a troll or a shit poster oh man  off into the virality which I appreciate.  Let's do a Crypto Randy. Crypto Randy. I will go with Jill Carlson and I'll throw in the next one and melt them. What grinds my gear? Hotcast go ahead. Let's do, oh I just had it. No I had a good one. I lost it. It's over. On the spot. It's over. Literally all day. Who are you thinking of? Oh man.  yes, there is information in your learning and education and all that, but it's entertainment. There are people dunking on each other, there are people trolling each other, there are people who have the long-standing feuds, there are the people who are overly nice to each other, and how does that company play into that? See, he thought I was joking around. I was like, wow, that was a long way to get to that question with the game, but Twitter feuds are  really into Lightning Network and some people really like to troll Lightning Network people. Same with XRP and vice versa, right? So when you're a brand in an ecosystem where this is likely to happen, you typically try to stay out of it, but sometimes it's good when there are trolls spending a bunch of time talking about you because sometimes that's a really interesting way to farm new followers on your brand and eventually they convert into new customers.  Yeah.  like in a lot of ways certain key like boilerplate direct response marketing things are not as effective as one would think so if someone's coming from a direct response digital agency and is like let's put all this crazy amount of money into AdWords well if you're a small company with lean budgets that might not be the best way to do it especially if you're a new company with not a lot of brand recognition you should probably invest in something that's just  Yeah, I think the people that are trying to monetize memes, right? So I can't remember who it was, but someone tried to trademark like the stacking sats thing a while back and I get it because the claim was that they were trying to like protect it for the community and that's what they said when they did it too and when they presented it. But there were a lot of people that took exception to that. So it, you know, the brands aren't doing that to like screw you over. They are going into it.  Will we see eToro in the future get into similar things like they're doing internationally? Talk about stocks are coming at some point. What can you say about other things you guys are either thinking about or other things that you personally would like to see you guys get into? Anything you can talk about there? Yeah, I think, I mean, I can't get into too many details because we want it to be a surprise. There's a PR person staring at me when I ask this question. It's like being under the gun, but I asked it anyways.  oppositions that compete compete or beat what other people are offering but being able to not only surpass what other competitors are doing but also be comparable with like incumbents in the traditional financial tools world that's really important. So you see, you know Robin Hood and all these companies trying to become non-bank lenders in the same way that SoFi has been doing it because they're trying to acquire more customers before making that