 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  earning, lending, and card payment. Everything you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  As many of you know, crypto investors store their digital assets on exchanges or in cold storage for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash POMP. Again, that's blockfi.com.  New to Bitcoin and crypto, you can test the waters with their $100,000 virtual trading feature. But if you're more experienced, you can create custom technical charts and use eToro social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees and so you never miss out. They also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to Bitcoin and crypto markets today.  Peter Schiff, he is here and ready to explain everything about gold, Bitcoin, and why he has heavy bags. But thanks so much in all seriousness. Thanks for coming on and doing this, Peter. Sure, Palm. Thanks for inviting me on. Yeah. So, look, before we get into, I think, what everyone actually wants to hear, let's go through your background, because as I've talked to folks, I don't think most people outside of the hardcore gold community really know what you've done and kind of  you finish charging them a commission, and if they kept on trading, you could potentially beat the markets, but it was hard to overcome the vig of the commission. So I didn't stay in commodities that long. And then I got into the stock market. I started working at Lehman Brothers for a while. And I was kind of disillusioned there. I didn't really like the strategies or the management. Again, I thought it was more focused on the firm and not as much on the retail client.  And so at that time, the US stock market was going through the dot com bubble. And so what I really started to do at that time with my clients was start warning about that bubble and encouraging people to take profits or get out of the NASDAQ and get out of the dot coms. And of course, I was a few years too early on that because as I was telling people to sell these stocks, they kept going up. But I was confident that this was a bubble and that it would end badly. And so I was buying people.  was going down. But when the dot com bubble popped in 2000 and you know, I had been forecasting and 90% drop in the NASDAQ and you know, it dropped 80%. So it didn't quite hit 90, but pretty pretty close. But when that happened, that's when all my stuff turned, you know, the dollar had been at very high during that dot com era when we had budget surpluses and people were saying, oh, we're going to pay off the national debt. We have surpluses as far as the eye can see. And I knew that was a bunch of nonsense.  inflating in the housing market and how this was going to be all even more damaging than the dot com bubble that they inflated. And I even wrote a book about it called Crash Proof, How to Profit from Becoming Economic Collapse. I wrote most of that book in 2005. It was finished by early 06 and it finally was published in early 07 when it came out. And, you know, it was pretty pressy in as far as the timing. And then, you know, the dot com bubble popped. We had the collapse of the mortgage market along the way.  is the phony economy. Housing prices are going to crash. The stock market is going to go down. We're headed for this huge recession. The banks are a mess. Their disaster, Fae and Freddie are going to go bankrupt. I was saying this stuff and everybody was laughing at me, but they kept inviting me back on because I guess they enjoyed it or it was good ratings. But then when everything that I had been forecasting came true, people started to notice me. I started to get a following on the internet. Somebody made a montage of a bunch  that access that I had, but I developed my own access through the internet. I had a failed campaign for a Senate in Connecticut in 2010. I had a radio show that I did daily two hours a day for a few years that I eventually stopped doing this. I just didn't have the time to do it. And I started doing the podcast, a Peter Schiff show podcast, where I just record those, usually a couple of weeks when I have time to do them. But I've got a pretty good following on the internet.  And so those two businesses are running out of Puerto Rico, the asset management company in the bank. And so mainly I'm in the investment advisor business, but I still do a lot on social media to try to advocate for what I believe in, which is free market capitalism, limited government, sound money. And I'm a critic of politicians on both sides of the aisle because it seems that nobody is doing it right.  name of the company. Got it. And then, you know, seeing that you were able to kind of call out the tech bubble, maybe didn't tie it perfectly, but for the most part, say, hey, this is overheated. And then again, kind of late 2000s, what were some of the signals that you saw that really kind of either identified those bubbles or were the main drivers as to why you thought, hey, you know, right now is not a great time and we're likely to go down and from an economy standpoint, in the short term.  by Yahoo. And so, you know, and I looked at a lot of these companies that were making no profits and I couldn't see how they would ever make a profit. But, you know, most people didn't care. I mean, it was just all a bubble and I was able to see that attitude. And so the same thing happened during the real estate bubble as I was watching people buy houses and flip houses and I was a renter. I was even subleasing some space to mortgage brokers. And I could see firsthand how they were, you know, dumbing up applications  when they pop. But yeah, one thing I wanted to mention, this is an interesting anecdote, we talked about Europe's capital. So when I named the company Europe's capital, my tagline was there's always a bull market somewhere because there's always a bull market somewhere. And I did that because at the time I did it early on, the US was not doing well and all these foreign markets were. And so that was my tagline. And then I did an interview with Jim Cramer way back when. This is before he even had his  where you're also saying, hey, look, things are very undervalued and we're about to enter a bull market. You kind of start preaching the long argument of markets as well. Yeah, you know, people kind of look at me as a perma bear, but I'm really not. Because if you look at what I was saying, like when I was bearish on the US stock market during the dot com bubble, and I was right about that, the market collapsed, not quite as much as I expected. But that was because the Fed did more than I expected.  We made a lot more money during those years, 2003, 2004, 2005, by being long global equities instead of US equities. I was not telling people to short US stocks. I just thought we'd have better returns in foreign stocks and gold stocks. And I was right about that. Where the US market surprised me was its recent outperformance. The outperformance may be in 2013, 14, 15, during those years, because when I was 14,  believe the Fed, they believe Ben Bernanke, when he was out there saying, we're going to normalize interest rates, we're going to shrink our balance sheet. Everybody believed him. I mean, I knew that he was lying, but the markets believed him. And so you had this rush back into US assets and US stocks ended up outperforming for a number of years. But I still think that I'm ultimately going to be proven right on this forecast because all these years that we were able to kick the can down the road, the real fundamentals of the US economy have gotten much worse.  in dollar terms, it's hard to say, I think it's going to go down. But I think the real declines are going to be measured relative to gold or other assets that you can own. Because when the Fed creates a lot of money, and money loses value, and you're trying to measure stock prices in terms of a dollar that's also losing value, it's a moving target. So I'm telling people to buy things that I think are going to go up more than the US stock market when the dollar goes down. Got it. And so wait, before we get to kind of the impending crisis,  they were and how they were in great shape. At the same time he was saying that, I was saying they were insolvent and going bankrupt. So it seemed like a good contrast. The guy that defended Fannie and said they were great versus the guy that called them out and said they were going to go bankrupt. And so people wanted me to run for Senate to run against Dodd. But anyway, what ended up happening was Dodd decided not to run for reelection. And so he wasn't even a factor. But the minute Dodd dropped out, all of a sudden other Republicans came in  And a million of that was my money, a little over a million. The rest of it, two and a half million I got from donations, mostly small donations around the country. But she spent so much money that I, and she got a lot more media than I did free media. A lot of the media in Connecticut decided not to cover me. And the interesting thing was in the polls, all the polls, like even going into the election, I was polling at like 3%, 4%. I got 23% of the vote.  that had the polls been more accurate, people might have been a little bit more encouraged. And there was only one debate. We had one debate early on. And I won that debate. Every newspaper said I won that debate. And after that debate, Linda refused to have any more debate. So I lost the opportunity to debate Linda McMahon because after the first one that not that many people saw, she refused to debate me again. So I, you know. You went to debate? Yeah. Oh, this is the other worst part about  So instead of addressing the convention, we were only allowed to submit a five minute video. So Linda's video played first, she had her five minute video, then Rob Simmons video played, and then when it came to play my video, the video equipment broke. And so my video didn't play. So not only did I not get to address the convention, I didn't even get to play my video. Coincidentally, it happened to break down just in time for my video. And then I ended up using the video to make sure that I was able to play my video.  It started with Ron Paul. I was an economic advisor to his presidential campaign in 2008. He was the only guy that was running an O8 that was critical to Fed and that understood the bubble.  back by gold and it was the gold backing that gave them their value. But once governments went off the gold standard, you know, then they became fiat. And so they're, you know, they don't have any real value. They have, you know, market value and they have the value of being legal tender and they have the value that, you know, they're used as a medium exchange and that they're accepted in payment of taxes and stuff like that. But they don't have the real value that gold has. And so if you really want to just not  have interest rates so low, I mean, most people don't get any interest at all. I mean, you got negative interest rates in some cases. So the argument for holding gold, even over Swiss francs now, right, where you have negative rates, has never been stronger. So that's, you know, I think you're going to, you know, you want to keep some dry powder, you should buy gold. But, you know, I think gold is under price, though, given how much money has been created over the last decade or two, and how much more money is going to be created  X, 20 X, 50 X, maybe even 100 X by the end of this bull market. And so for the speculators who really want to try to strike it rich in the gold rush, they should be looking at gold mining stocks. We have separately managed accounts of mining stocks. And we also have a gold fund, the Euro Pacific Gold Fund, EP, GFX is the symbol on my gold fund. And yes, it's speculative. I mean, most of the money we manage is not in gold stocks. It's a more conservative dividend paying foreign stocks. But for the people who really want to  created the housing bubble and the Fed created the Bitcoin bubble. Maybe not exactly the same way, but I think Bitcoin started out as kind of a reaction to all the monetary policy mistakes that the Fed had made and people were looking out for an alternative. Bitcoin came on the scene and initially there was a libertarian community, a hard money community that was playing around with it. I found out about it early on.  you know, when it all of the scene and went up to 1,000. And I remember when that happened and all of a sudden, you know, people started talking about it. And, um, you know, they mentioned it on CNBC and it was there. And I think what really kind of breathed life into it is once gold kind of peaked out, uh, at 1900 and silver peaked out on at 50, you had this, this bear market that went on in the precious metals, pretty vicious, you know, uh, correction for a number of years. And that frustrated a lot  to buy at $20. Fundamentally, I didn't see any difference in it. And then the bubble really went crazy when it went up to $20,000. And that's when I think the whole media peaked and you had everybody buying it. People were calling me up, wanting to buy it. I had clients calling me up when Bitcoin was $15,000 or wanting to put their whole IRAs into Bitcoin. I mean, nobody ever called me to buy any Bitcoin until that point. I mean, I talked about it and I said, I didn't think it was going to work as money and I still  but there was no way their real estate could go down. And the same stuff, I talked to people till I was blue in the face about the dot com stocks that ultimately, a lot of them, most of them went bankrupt. But I remember the attitudes that people had about their favorite dot com stock, even if they acknowledged that other stocks could collapse, the ones that they owned were never gonna go down. I mean, so people have a certain attitude that they assume when they're trapped in a bubble and how it influences their behavior and their way of thinking. And I see all of those characters  are  But just from a macro standpoint, like what are the signals that you're seeing that has you kind of ringing those alarm bells and saying, hey, people should be paying attention again? Well, you know, when you get to a point now where you've got negative interest rates, right, you know that we're kind of at the end of the rope here, because what these central banks have been doing in order to avoid the political pain of having to address economic imbalances, having to cut government spending, right, having to allow debt to be restructured,  and you're broke, you've run up a bunch of credit card debt and you're about to go bankrupt and all of a sudden somebody sends you another credit card with another $10,000 limit. Oh great, now I can go out and all of a sudden you go out and start spending money again because you got another credit card. Well, all that means is that you're going to end up with even more debt than you had before. Your problems haven't been solved. You've just been able to kick them the can down the road because now you can go deeper into debt. But ultimately you end up with even bigger problem than when you have before because now  investment, less spending, less speculation. We need to have a restructuring. And as the central banks resist that, we're just getting, the economy is getting sicker, right? It's like if you're, you know, you're high on drugs and every time you stop taking drugs and now you start going through withdrawal, they just give you more drugs. So, you know, the drugs never get out of your system and you never, you know, you never cure your habit because you keep taking drugs every time the effect starts to wear off. But at some point, right,  So I guess eventually you take out enough blood and the patient dies. They don't realize that their cure is actually making the patient sicker. And that's what the central banks are doing. When they cut rates and they print money, they're actually making the underlying economy sicker, even though it doesn't look sicker because they're just measuring the spending that goes on and they're ignoring the debt that's behind it. So I think we're at the point now where we're going to overdose on all this printing. I think that when this bubble pops, when the US economy  percent compounding and you're getting zero percent interest or whatever on your dollars, that's a one-way ticket to a disaster. And people are going to want to cast that in. They're going to want to jump that ship before it sinks. And where are they going to go? I mean, it's going to be a currency crisis. And I think inflation is going to break out all around the world. And a lot of these central banks have been hiding behind low inflation. They've been saying, oh, inflation is not high enough. We need more inflation. And that's been a justification for this monetary policy.  That's what it hits the fan because now the debt bubble pops and now you have to pay the Piper. And I think, you know, the country that's got the biggest tab is going to be the United States because we have basically benefited the most from this monetary system, this fiat based system, because we're the center of it. We're the reserve currency. And Americans have been able to live beyond their means more than any other nation. We've been able to consume without producing. We've been able to borrow without savings that we've built an entire economy based  standard, mainly because the dollar was not only backed by gold, but convertible into gold. And we had all the gold. We were the most powerful economy. We had the biggest trade surpluses. We were the biggest creditor nation. And so the world trusted us. And then we screwed them over. And we basically defaulted on our promise in 1971. And we've been on this fiat system ever since. I think the only thing that will work is for the world to go back to gold. Some people think, well, the dollar is never going to lose its reserve status because  Like what stops them from just doing it forever? Well, you know, nothing that can't go on forever will, right? Just like the housing bubble didn't go on forever, the dot com bubble, this bubble won't go on forever because what is allowing it to happen is, you know, pretending that it's all temporary. Right. When when the Fed did QE, the secret to it not producing a crisis was the Fed telling everybody this is temporary. This is an emergency. And when the emergency is over, we're going to reverse the process.  the Fed is going to have to put up or shut up because inflation is going to pick up. Right. And they're not going to be able to fight it. In fact, the economy started to turn down. And now what did the Fed do? The Fed called off rate hikes. They've now cut rates twice. They're about to cut them again. They've stopped shrinking their balance sheet. They're now back to quantitative easing. They're not admitting that it's QE, but they're actually expanding their balance sheet faster now than they were when they were doing QE. So of course they're doing QE. So the Fed has already  all the debt that the government is selling. What's your take in terms of the presidential election as we're facing this kind of macro situation? Does anybody have a solid plan or are they all completely out? No, no one understands it. No, no, no one has a plan. I mean, you know, if it was even talking about the debt and you watch these democratic debates, there's never even a question on the debt. Nobody even mentions that. And, you know, so it's probably not even going to be an issue in the campaign.  that the only reason we have a student loan problem is because of the government. The only reason that there are student loans is because of the government. Without the government, there would be no student loans. The government made the loans. The government guaranteed the loans. And before the government guaranteed student loans, college wasn't expensive. You didn't need to borrow money to go to college before the government started that loan program. People either their parents paid for college or they had summer jobs like my dad and they worked their way through college. It wasn't hard to do. But now it's impossible.  They want to blame it on capitalism and they want even more socialism, which again is like the same thing the central banks do they keep interest rates artificially low They screw up the economy and then they think oh we just need to make interest rates even low We have to print even more money and now they screw up the economy even more and so the solution is let's do more of the same So if president Peter Schiff ever happened, what would you do? You hit on a little bit of it already, but what's the perfect plan well, you know there is  going to go to rehab. I mean rehab is you know it's not like going to Club Met. I mean it's not it's not fun. That's why it's hard for people to go there. But if you do it and you do the right thing you can improve your life. So we have to go on a monetary rehab. America