 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off. Rob Petrozzo is the co-founder of Rally Road, one of the hottest startups in technology at the moment. In this conversation, we discussed where the original idea came from, how the company navigated the regulatory landscape to empower fractional ownership of unique assets, what the process for selecting assets looks like,  crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell them Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  or in cold storage for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash Pomp. Again, that's blockfi.com slash Pomp to sign up and start earning crypto today.  Conversation he is not in the crypto industry, but they're doing a lot of things that are very tangentially related So what thanks so much for coming to do this. Thank you for having me much appreciated. All right Before we get to rally road, let's talk about what you did previously because you have kind of a unique background where where you want to start Yes, I'll start. Um, I'll start in the beginning. So 20 call early 2000 2003 2004 I got out of school. I went to school for design I've always been a designer when I got out of school It was this new was like web 2.0 and a lot was happening in  And the iPhone comes out and kind of changed everything dramatically. And then the App Store came out and changes everything again, where everybody that was even thinking design first had to become this user experience designer and had to create product around the iPhone. So wound up at a company called Scroll Motion, which was a digital publishing suite that was creating content and bringing things to life like big banks and pharmaceutical companies and traveling all over the world, trying to understand content and bring it to life led to a bunch of other great opportunities. So wound up at a company called Kimi, which is a computer vision play.  time about what the future of finance would look like in 2013, 2014 and then led to our rally road. Got it. And so what was in those early conversations, what did you guys kind of identify as, hey, this is the future that may not be here yet, but we think it's going in this direction? What was kind of the more macro or structural things? Yeah. So, I mean, it was unavoidable. So 2015, 2016, we really started putting pen to paper on this. And the idea was invest in alternative assets, but do it at retail. So this is post, you know, oh, eight, oh, nine when myself and  money sells when things go bad is the stuff they really care about. So for us, we looked at things like classic cars and watches and wine collections and these things that were really about collectibles and turning those into something that you can invest in was pretty obvious. And then once you start seeing all these other players pop up, you see the Robin Hoods of the world that are activating this huge uninvested population of people who really start to get it. They're younger, but they understand option strategies. They understand crypto. They understand these things that are really sort of left field when it comes to the regular investor and they're doing it at a meaningful way. They're doing it with bigger accounts.  build and kind of how did you go from, okay, we got this idea, let's make the jump to that initial product that you gave out to users. Yeah. So Chris, our CEO, my co-founder, someone I went to high school with, he's always kind of understood the classic car space, which was the first asset class that we started with. And he made a decision a long time ago. He was going to buy a, he had money to either buy like a house or to buy this car, this, this Porsche that he really, really wanted. And he talked to his parents about it. And like, they knew the right decision was to buy the house. Real estate  but from a financial perspective it was something that has gone up and to the right for a long time and outpaced a bunch of other indexes. So we looked at it and said if we can take this and turn it into a stock and do it in a way that doesn't intimidate an end user, this might actually work. So that led to sort of try to figure out the mechanics of it, talking to our legal team, creating a demo so that it actually looked and felt like we would actually have and trying to explain it not just to ourselves but to the people around us who are going to seed this project and the lawyers who are going to be a part of it to package up something that the  from that business perspective before it even becomes a product that any what they consider unsophisticated investor would potentially see. We have to make sure that we cross all the T's and dot all the I's. So, you know, the first 18 months of building when it was the end of 2015 into 2016 was about getting everybody ourselves included, comfortable with the concept of investing in a thing that's not a stock in an app. And that was like the biggest process start to finish for sure. And so where are you guys today? Right. Like let's talk about how does the actual  a bunch of charts that show comp prices of similar vehicles or similar bottles of wine over the course of 10, 20, and 30 years. You read a quick story about it. So we shrink down the entire history of something that's 40 or 50 years old. Let's say like a Mickey Mantle 1952 Topps baseball card, which has all this air of importance around it, but it's also got a really interesting story about a bunch we're throwing in the Atlantic Ocean and Topps was sure it was going to be a hit. And now it's one of the most important baseball cards of all time. So we tell that story in a quick little educational portal. We have all the charts in there.  and  We price it kind of like a Dutch auction where there's one clearing price end of day But for that one day a month you can sort of bid or ask if you own shares to buy or sell those individual shares So you're not the way for an exit of the actual asset to be able to exit your investment. It's almost like a periodic liquidity in before we Before we go back to the structure. Let's talk about this for a second says one of the things that I noticed immediately is if there's no exchange, right? I think part of like compared to the crypto world where it's 24 7 365 liquidity all the time  that we really were birthed from, which are the coin bases of the world and the Robin Hoods of the world. We look at ourselves as one of those for alternative assets. The big difference for us is that I think, you know, in December of 2017, when, you know, everybody is having the conversation about Bitcoin right before this precipitous drop, the continuous nature of that marketplace, I think, and you might have a different opinion of this, accelerated the way that that bottom fell out really quickly. And there was a lot of sort of bag holders who were brand new to it in 2017.  to  and regulatory stuff, you know, and really present all the information that I need to make a decision on whether I want to gain access to something or not. But a huge component of that is like, what am I actually buying into? Right? And so whether it's a classic car, it's a baseball card, et cetera, like there's some pretty cool shit, right? I can say that. I don't know if you can, but there's like cool shit on there. I can say cool shit. I can't say anything about future returns. All right. There's definitely cool shit on there. So like, how do you guys go about sourcing this stuff, vetting it, you know, who makes the ultimate decision as to what gets listed, what doesn't get listed?  year  comes to cars, you know, we have a great internal team that vets a lot of this stuff for us right now and has those inroads and has that network. We also have a great team of advisors around us who we put on the books of our company to make sure that we're always sourcing best possible asset regardless of whether I like it or not. As a person, I might look at something and say that's amazing, that's so cool. But if it's at a downtrend right now, like we're not going to buy that vehicle. If it's something that isn't going to be going to market and isn't going to get attention in the next three to four years, we're not going to buy that vehicle. But it's also a situation that we'll take a flyer on something if we buy opportunistic  Like the things that you show to your user base or your investors are things that you're putting your cash alongside. So it kind of speaks to where your conviction level is. Let's talk about the cars for a second. Where are these cars? Are they sitting in like a parking lot in the middle of Manhattan or somewhere in Queens? Yeah, we have them in a lot down the block on 42nd and 6th. That's okay over there. We have a great concierge for us. Where are you guys keeping these things? Yeah, so we have a purpose-built facility that we keep all those vehicles in. So the vehicles right now are all in one place. We're trying to find a place that makes it more accessible to everybody.  all these elements that are really unique that we want to put on display that you can see and then sort of leave with a piece of it. Anytime we can do that, we'll always do that. As of right now, the vehicle, which is a fleet of around 60 cars, is in this purposeful facility, 24 hour concierge, full security. We have a camera feed that we're putting into the app now too, but we want to make sure it's always accessible. So we'll be doing things to really drive not just interest, but we want to drive dividends for our users as well so that anytime we can put a car in a hotel lobby or have an event inside of our space and there's a car there that you've invested in, anytime we can sell merch around  How do you decide what goes in there? How often do you switch that stuff out? Yeah, because I think that that's a different car than Yeah, we do we try and do it like once we're trying to do it now in a cadence of like a once a month where everything switches out But we really want to do is put the marquee asset there So like we have this as some more in there now because we made sort of the bet on that vehicle about a year ago And we made the acquisition it's gonna be in the new Bond movie It's a very it's sort of a unique story that goes along with it But it also speaks what we're doing as a company where it's like that 80s and 90s sort of feel like we realized that a lot of people that are  And they just say inevitably they just wind up saying like, what is this? And it becomes a really great conversation. Those people stay in the store for 20, 30 minutes with their whole family having the conversation. And then they leave understanding exactly what we do. So anytime we can kind of tell a great story, anytime it's an asset that's coming into the app soon, anytime it's a marquee vehicle or a marquee asset that's, you know, gets, it's just close to that million dollars. We're going to put, you know, a million bucks in the middle of Soho and have the conversation. That's what goes in that store. That's our permanent location. Our office is there too. But now we're starting to spin up a few popups all over the country to make sure that, you know, new  a non-accredited investor element to this, right? Just a lot of either things that from an ethos standpoint are close or actually mechanically, they look very similar. There's no tokens, right? There's no kind of real crypto or blockchain component today. Maybe talk through a little bit of the pros and cons and kind of how you guys have thought about this previously. Will you go in that direction? Yeah, yeah. I mean, and it's you hit it right on the head. It's one of those things that tangentially lives in a place where people can relate it to a Coinbase or to sort of what the fractional ownership and the idea of not owning that whole piece, not having to buy one  Utility and security was still very blurry at that time and we were thinking like if we can do this in a way where you know your your Investment is your ticket to the store and we're trying to connect the dots and we realized that after talking to our lawyers and having the initial conversation with the SEC We don't want to go down a pathway that put us in the crosshairs branding went wrong as sort of you know collateral damage like that was what we always looked at is sort of the What we want to stay away from so as much as I wanted to you know all of us thinking about seeing all these I see oh is just print  We're going right now. It's also a trust stamp for us, too. There is a lot of retail investing that happens where, you know, they're just saying yes to something on Coinbase and they're not necessarily understanding what the dynamics of that investment look like and what the fees that go along with it and what they're the fact that it's not like they don't have the keys, their own private keys, their individual investment. We want to make sure that everybody on our platform understands what we're doing, that the trust stamp from the Reggae Plus SCC qualified offering is part of it. As soon as we can get to a point that this organization is a little bit more understood, we're now it's still a situation  want to know who has the best URL? Crypto.com. That's right. Crypto.com. They're a crypto platform with one goal, motherf****** mass adoption. That's why we're all here. We're trying to get crypto in every wallet. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending, and card payment. Everything you could want at crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  the air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over the air updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine. Consumer mining made easy. That's right. Go to coinmine.com. Tell them POM set you and thank me later.  and  for us going the heavily regulated route I think is a must for the near term for sure. We want to stay in that route. We feel like we have a good relationship with the SEC right now and the process works and people understand it. The sooner we can go that blockchain route without changing any dynamics for the end user is when we'll pull that trigger basically for sure. I think you hit it right on the head. Got it. Today it's open to US investors, international investors. US investors only and we're working quick to go into national business. That's more of a regulatory thing.  to go into national. Talk to me about the type of investor that's participating here. My guess would be that they're younger, they're kind of more digitally native, they are attracted to these types of assets, et cetera. They probably don't have the capital base to go buy the Aston Martin or buy the Ferrari. Accurate, not accurate. Super accurate. So to the point that I think you might have access to our metrics, I have to talk to our dev team. I have heard them pitch this one time before. That's true, that's true. So I have a little bit of advantage. So we're at a point that we have  that people come in, they'll buy one or two shares, they'll wait until they see some trading, and then they'll really put some more money into the initial offering. So it's young, they're digitally native, they're definitely mobile first, they're willing to take a risk, I think, on a brand that's not necessarily the household name, but someone that's doing something interesting and is transparent about it. That's what we've always tried to do from jump. And we've seen that, we've been rewarded in that, the people that come on our platform, they stick around, they ask questions, they're in a way that, you know, just our Slack channel with our VIP users who are always giving us feedback on what we do as a business and what the feature set should look like.  and  and make sure we can get them something awesome. Absolutely. And I guess really the key here for you guys is if you keep that customer happy or that investor happy with the assets that you provide, the user experience you provide, all of the kind of transparent information before they make a decision, all of that stuff goes to kind of having a defendable moat really, right? If you keep them pleased and you keep them excited about what you guys are doing, just keep serving them value and that's where you kind of take the business.  He always do these six month leases was about to go to auction and the owner ping dust was like do you guys want it? And we were like damn should we do this? But it was really early in the business We weren't sure that it was going to be something that resonated with users So we held off on it, but we see really weird stuff some of the books too. That's pretty cool That was we have so much cool stuff that we get access to but some of it is like how do we wrap a story around this if we can't wrap the perfect story around the Foreign investors or if they haven't asked for it It's something that we usually put to the side for the time being got it What is the thing that was the weirdest so like that was crazy because it was  the archives for this, but there's been like, there's been like the skulls and stuff like that where it's like, I'm not so sure. There's been some stuff that from like shipwrecks and a lot of weird things where it's really, it's really hard to authenticate it and it's hard to sort of wrap our heads around how that story is going to be told. So we put it to the side. We never say no, we always put it into the bucket of like, we should get back to these people, you know, and we'll have the first conversation with something too creepy or if it's something that is going to be a little bit too polarizing or if it's something we're going to have to meet in the dark parking lot. We usually say no the first time. For sure. I love it.  doing and some of these people who are really thinking about themselves as a piece of a bigger thing and being able to sort of set the price on their own worth, on their own equity and do it in a way that it's not circumventing the powers that be, but it's taking out a service layer that lives in between fans and the things they care about. So the way that we think about the future is, you know, these cash producing assets that aren't something that we have to create dividends around. It's something that really has the chance to skyrocket in value and have you be a part of it early. It's the idea that right now I could say, you know, I saw this band super early.  three people that were there to like a hundred. It's the Woodstock story. Everyone says they were at Woodstock. Like if everybody had said they were at Woodstock was actually there, there'd been a hundred million people there. But it's also like there are people who get it early and they want to get behind somebody's career or get behind somebody's idea. And they want to do it in a way where it's putting their money where their mouth is for real. Instead of just texting people like 10 years later, yeah, I saw that band when there was nobody in the room. It's like, no, I actually didn't. I invested in that person's career and now I'm up, you know, 12,000% on it because I was there early. So that's where I think about the future of what  I buy in, let's say that the LLC owns 10% of the revenue of this band for the next five years or something. I'm gonna go to every single person in the world listening to this song. And at every party I go to, I'm gonna go turn it on streaming, because it's just money. And you really get the buy in. Your quote unquote investor now has a financial incentive to see you be successful. And it really changes the engagement and the relationship between that athlete, that musician, whoever, and their fans. And it's like a situation now where you don't need that machine  the group chat, like that's such an important thing for us right now is to get into the conversation with you and your friends where you're the trusted resource for information and we're a part of that conversation. So the same thing can happen with all these intangible assets. For sure. What, when you look out there, what's like the one asset you're like, man, if we could get this, we'd put it on the platform immediately. There's a lot of stuff we look at like, we'll send the Twitter army to go find it. Yeah. I mean, that'd be one of those situations where like we get a piece of Mars type of stuff. Like I started thinking about how that's really crazy that hasn't really become a thing yet. That's when I started to look at like this would really make a lot of sense.  And to me it's like the fact that that's sitting somewhere in like a lab is pretty crazy because no one really knows what's going on. And my guess is that they eventually end up in a museum somewhere. Dude, you're speaking our language. I think by that all the time, like when I was younger, there was like the little mini museum thing. There's all these pieces. It was like every element of the periodic table and every weird rock. And it was all these little pieces of it. I was like this thousand dollar thing at like Spencer gifts or one of those weird mall stores. And I always looked at that as like the grail. Like I wanted to save all of my like paper route money to go buy that.  you say hey it's worth $130,000 or whatever like wait what? Yeah that's that's sicker price that shock value a little bit as driven some of the best conversations. Yeah. So I might need to go in the shoe box to see what other cards I got. I mean we want to sort of have people run to their parents attic and look for stuff you know that's that's what I did that's the thing that when I started looking around I started thinking like I'm having all these conversations and I'm getting these weird nostalgic moments and I started thinking like oh man I think I had that baseball card or I had that yeah I go check but it works the other way too where you know we had this really unique  $1,000 but everybody walked in they go that's a million dollar car so it's like that weird disconnect between value price Yeah optics, you know and that's something that well you speak it into existence with a car like that Yeah, and they start telling that story no matter they go this has to be worth millions of dollars and we're like no actually it's only worth 635 right now the chance for it to get there is there but if you hear this story about this vehicle you can understand why it might actually make it to that point yeah, yeah, it's um it really is pretty cool I have a growing up. I had a rookie card for Frank Thomas  my hopes and dreams up, right? I went to the store and I had my parents buy me, like, remember the little paper magazine or whatever? I had the prices. I looked it up. That was like $10, right? Cause there was so many of them printed, like all stuff. But I remember like that whole experience. You guys are essentially providing that today for people in the digitally native world. I mean, you must've heard one of these interviews I did a long time ago, because I said like one of the reasons that we started this company was that Frank Thomas rookie card. No, for real? Dead serious. I was in, so I'm born in Brooklyn, but the place that we would always go, like there was a Staten Island mall was a card store.  somewhere and it was such a big deal. It was such a big deal for some reason, which is insane because why would anyone from the White Sox matter to somebody in New York? I don't remember why. It was just such a big deal. I actually don't even want to admit this, but I'm going to tell you, which means I'm going to end up telling all these people. My parents knew that it was such a big deal for me that they bought like instead of a picture frame, there was like these card frames. Yeah. Put the card in to protect it. It's like it has the back part to actually help it stand up. I had that in my room till I was like 16 years old. I remember one day my brother walked  Thought at some point soon I think to say the the benchmark is so high but prevents a lot of really unique offerings and unique investors from being a part of really cool stuff Got it. What's the most important book you've ever read? Man that's good. I think like I only ask good questions, man. Yeah