 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  exchanges or in cold storage for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash Pomp. Again, that's blockfi.com slash Pomp to sign up and start earning  Phil here with us. Thanks so much for taking the time to do this and talk about what you guys are working on, Phil. Thank you. Thank you for having me. Thank you for this opportunity. For sure. Let's let's jump right in. Talk about your background a little bit before you started working on crypto and then hardware walls. Yeah. Well, my career started early 2000s. You know, I started an e-book company called the Alex e-reader. That company got sold and became, you know, the first Barnes and Noble e-book reader called the Nook.  fund called President's Capital. A year into that, it was a seed fund. A year into that, I joined a much bigger fund in Hong Kong, which is Li Kaishings Venture Fund. I did all of the kind of the deep tech, a lot of the AI investments. And Horizons has a history of investing in many disruptive companies, including companies like Siri that Apple acquired or DeepMind that Google acquired.  and that's how I really started to get really, really interested in understanding that, you know, it was the most, I think the most disruptive technologies I've been in touch with. And what I find fascinating is in those years of investing, I was there from basically 2015 to 18, I started investing 14 or full time, 14, 2018. And I looked at every, you know, vertical like from biotech to physical,  Bitcoin, Ethereum came up and it was crowdsourced. And so it was the most fascinating disruptive technology that I wanted to spend my time with. Yeah. And then that's how it got really, really interested into crypto. Got it. And talk a little bit about HTC, what your role there is, and then we'll get into what you're working on.  from Andreas Antonopoulos. I literally watched hundreds of hours of Andreas on YouTube and listened to his podcasts. And it all came down to, if you don't own your private keys, you don't own your Bitcoin. And of course, Trezor and Ledger and many other hardware wallets were very popular in empowering the user to own their private keys.  underbait or even more, right? And over half of those people have mobile phones, right? And if you can build a mobile phone with a hardware wallet that empowers people to own their private keys, it banks them basically. We can talk about that later. But the idea was ceded to them, and then they decide, oh, okay, it's very interesting. And so they put up a kind of a skunkworks team to start  and build things again. And so, and this was meaningful enough for me to do that because I feel like, you know, HTC is a company well positioned to do this, you know, because it didn't have the cloud legacies business, you know, like every other business, like people ask me, you know, what if Google comes in and do this or Facebook or, you know, Apple come and do this and, you know,  giving people ownership of their private keys. Right? And based on that, right now they're owning their Bitcoin, but based on that, we want to empower them to own their data, their digital identities, and any sensitive or, you know, important information. And so, you know, HTC is a company that did really well from 2007 to 2012. You know, it didn't do well in the cloud business. It didn't do well in owning people's data and mining and  Sure. And so before we get into what you guys specifically are building, let's just talk about kind of hardware wallets in general. What's your assessment of the lay of the land with what other people have built? Good, bad, and in between? Yeah, no, I think Trezor and Ledger have built a great product. And I think for people who hold a lot of Bitcoin, that's one of the main ways to do it, right? Except the way you use it.  and three or four software combinations. And what we've done is we've done that all on the phone, basically. We've built that whole browser, MetaMask, laptop to USB stick, that whole chain into what you would be used to using in an app and a smartphone. So just making it much more user-friendly and easier. And yeah, I think  maybe you would have your savings on a ledger or a treasure where you keep at home where people don't see it. But at some point when Bitcoin, when we start building out Bitcoin, not just as a store of value, but when we build out the Lightning stuff, when it becomes a payment system, you need to carry something to make payments.  and access, but then Bitcoin, this other revolution. I'm just basically combining these two revolutions. I actually find it fascinating that, when I launched the first Android phone, I joined it because I believe in open source, right? Android was that open source software and we launched our first Android phone. And of course, the reason why I got into this space  January was the first Bitcoin was a Genesis block, right? And to me, that was the that was the real revolution or the real kind of successor of, you know, open source kind of movement. And so like 10 years later, 2018, I launched Exodus and I just found that fascinating that launching their first Android phone and the first Bitcoin was was so close together, except we weren't paying attention.  that HTC would build and release, but also you have added the hardware wallet and a full Bitcoin node to it as well, correct? Yes, yes. So, yeah, I'll do maybe highlight four or five things, right? Yes, first is a smartphone, right? And second, it's a hardware wallet. It's basically this secluded area on the chip that Android doesn't touch.  And so we want to make sure that PrivateKeys is never revealed. And so we have something called Secure UI, which is basically the touchscreen, basically itself has a hard line into the secure area. And so you can't steal people's passwords or do kind of phishing ways of stealing people's data by faking a whole bunch of things.  susceptible to many hacks, right? What we've done is put it in this truss zone, the arm truss zone, that's separate from Android and just significantly reduce the attack surface area, right? And so it keeps your private keys safe, right? And then it keeps your transaction safe with a secure UI. And then often, the next question I guess, and this is another significant piece of technology  your phone, you can recover your keys by combining three out of the five keys from, you know, from your friends and family. And so just to show that, you know, you know, HTC, when we ship you the phone, we don't have access to your private keys. So when you lose your phone, you can't call HTC. Right. In fact, there's a there's a funny story in which there is a Bitcoin magazine kind of journalist that was asking me this trick  to own their private keys, right? And so the social key recovery is something we've built and we open sourced it and others or other wallets or anybody else can use this key recovery mechanism. And so we're just also in the spirit of open source and sharing the code that we've built. And so, yeah, and then this latest one, the Exodus 1S,  It's a functioning smartphone with a functioning hardware wallet, right with social key recovery and secure UI all of that and now we're adding the other new functionality for you to run a full Bitcoin node Right and so you can verify transactions yourself. You can relay transactions, right? Of course, we suggest that You have your phone plugged in with Wi-Fi access, you know, there are some bandwidth and battery  crypto.com. That's right, crypto.com. They're a crypto platform with one goal, motherf***ing mass adoption. That's why we're all here. We're trying to get crypto in every wallet. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending and card payment. Everything you could want at crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over the air updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine. Consumer mining made easy. That's right. Go to coinmine.com. Tell them POMP sent you and thank me later. One more word from our sponsor BlockFi. Their new interest account allows you to securely deposit your Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. This rate actually compounds. So you receive a 6.2% APY,  on my phone, be able to store Bitcoin and cryptocurrency securely, have the social recovery aspect to it. So if I lose my phone, I don't feel like I'm gonna lose all of my wealth. Then you add in the Bitcoin node, which allows me to participate and help secure the network and really kind of fulfill part of what the Bitcoin ethos and goal is. And then you add into that a very low price point that is kind of  crypto, I mean, it's already kind of counter-cultural even in crypto, right? Because 95% of the people still have their keys in centralized exchanges, right? So even in the crypto world, it's counter, it's not mainstream behavior, right? Because still most of the speculators still have their keys in centralized exchanges in the cloud rather than in some, you know, a ledger or a treasure  and more like, hey, very few people, like right now, it's still the early adopters and the developers that are buying this phone and developing this phone and kind of seeing the potential of it rather than kind of the mass market who want to use this, who actually want to trade even for speculation purposes. And so it's something like I meet so many people in the Bitcoin space and  It's open, it's neutral, it's public. It's all of those things that's so, again, counter-cultural. Sorry to use that word so many times, but that's what it is. And that's what really, it motivates me. It's like people in the community is far and few, but they come to me and say, thank you for what you do. Because they know so few people will stand for that. And as long as I can build this,  I don't see anybody in the near term really doing that either, or even the way we contribute to the open source community, right? I mean, we don't just take everything. We like the whole social key recovery. We contributed back to the community, right? That's also, you know, contrary and behavior. Got it. And so what do you think is kind of the challenges ahead for you guys specifically? Are there other things that you want to build into the phone moving forward?  I think that's where mobile is really going to shine because if payments don't take off, and if it's just a store of value, then it's probably smart that you don't keep all your crypto on a mobile phone, because it's something you carry with you all the time. Again, it's more like this distinction between a savings and a checkings account. You want to keep your savings account even if you're a  building up, helping and contributing to the Lightning Network because that will help make it a true medium of exchange too. A mechanism where people can use as a payment rail. And that would be the most killer application for Bitcoin or mobile. And even for retail and merchants to use as a point of sale system.  that's  is you've given them the tools to be their own bank, you know, or universal access to basic finance, right? Once you have your private keys, you set up a hardware wallet, you know, you can send and receive money, right? You can buy and trade and sell, right? And then now, you know, with stablecoins coming in, you can even lend and borrow  those three main behaviors. And so what we've done with, I think with an Exodus 1S at this price point is to give someone universal access to basic finance and basic banking tools, right? And what's even cooler is we have an SDK. So we're not just empowering you to be a bank, but we're a bank with an SDK to empower you and the developer to make up even better bank, right?  And I think that completely changes the game, right? I love it, man. I love it. Where can people find find the phone? HTC Exodus com. Yeah. Www dot HTC Exodus com. You know, we have an e-commerce site. We'll start opening right now. You can already buy the Exodus one. You know, we take we even take Bitcoin and Eve as payments.  kind of people who are really pushing the agenda and trying new things, you know, a lot of times ignoring regulation or have a strategy for arbitraging regulation risk. But yeah, I think, you know, these companies are doing or experimenting with the right things. What's the one regulation you would change or improve if you could? KYC AML, privacy.  It takes too many lawyers. It takes too many accountants. It takes too many bureaucrats and it takes too many police officers to enforce. And so you leave two billion people unbanked and three billion underbanked. That is the reality. And that's not going to change. The current banking system is simply not scalable. Right. When Nick Zabow wrote that incredible post on social scalability, I think that's what he's referring to.  and the security and the distributed ledger and the empowering of anybody to become their own bank. Yeah, it's just, to me, it's a great trade off. Yeah, I mean, look, it's a no brainer at this point, right? I think I joke all the time and say, we've left the if part of this equation and just gotten into the when. So it'll happen. It just takes some time.  the  the most important kind of breakthrough for Bitcoin or the most important company in this space? What do you think needs to happen? Sorry, three questions. What needs to happen, technology and which company?  Right, like not building applications for Bitcoin, etc. But the actual developers who are working on Bitcoin. Sure. Yeah. And, you know, look, there are there companies helping with that? Yes, of course. But I just put all of the developers who are contributing code, etc. in a bucket and say like they are usually forgotten. And they are much, much more important than most people would like to admit or understand. And so to me,  It's pretty commendable So anyone who wants to go out and check out the the HTC Exodus can do that It's got a full digital wallet got a full Bitcoin note in there And and hopefully you guys will keep shipping awesome products and we'll have you back on again to talk about Great. Thanks pump. I appreciate you giving me this this this opportunity Hey everyone pop here if you like this episode of off the chain and want to help us take crypto to the top of the Apple Spotify and other podcast charts  you