 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  do that through buying, earning, lending, and card payment. Everything you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  later.  If you're new to Bitcoin and crypto, you can test the waters with their hundred thousand dollar virtual trading feature. But if you're more experienced, you can create custom technical charts and use eToro social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees and so you never miss out. They also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to Bitcoin and crypto markets today.  super excited to have this conversation. She's got a really unique view of the world, both kind of the intersection of data, journalism, and then the Asian market. So thanks so much for taking the time to do this. Thank you so much for having me. Let's start with your background. You've done a whole bunch of cool stuff in the past. Where kind of did you get started? Go to school and what'd you do after that? Sure. Thanks so much. So I actually started becoming interested in China fairly early. I started studying Chinese in high school.  of the internet and social media in China, Cuba, and Russia. The book is called Now I Know Who My Comrades Are. I also worked at the State Department on the policy planning staff, and I was advising on technology policy. So that was kind of in the midst of the internet freedom agenda, and the US was looking at how to use the internet and social media as a foreign policy tool. Got it. How has journalism changed over time? One of the biggest changes, of course, is social media.  For sure. And I guess you parlayed that into the work with State Department, obviously. Talk a little bit about what the policy planning staff does and kind of what does that look day to day as you look at various issues, especially around technology. Sure. So the policy planning staff, it changes a lot with different administrations. When I was there, it was it had some people like me who came from outside of government who had a specific area background. And we were there to advise on a specific topic. And so mine was technology and Internet freedom.  State Department that was kind of just getting started where the State Department was trying to figure out like how should we use social media and it was a really interesting culture clash because you have these bureaucrats who are very nervous about speaking directly to the public and everything has to be controlled but then you have social media which is the complete opposite of that so it was I was sort of there in the middle of that transition. I'll just say Trump's wild on Twitter. He is absolutely and I used the word wild  or I mean, they complain about it, but they're used to the idea that we have a president speaking directly to the people. But yeah, I mean, if you look even like 10 years ago, this was a crazy idea because the State Department and government in general, they operate on press releases and well-coordinated statements where everybody has to sign off and get buy-in. And now you literally have people speaking directly to the world via their phone. And it's hard to overstate how huge a change that is. And it's a very recent change. For sure.  the  to speak directly to the public, but now it's kind of been taken to a new level. And you're totally right. I mean, it's not just, it's not just politicians speaking to the public, it's, it's different governments speaking to each other on social media while the whole world watches and chimes in. So this is a completely new era. And it's, again, it's fairly recent. Well, it cracks me up because it's kind of like you've got Wendy's and Twitter and McDonald's, you know, fighting it out on Twitter. Like eventually you're going to have the U.S. and you know, you go back to the Trump stuff. Probably the wildest moment for me was when  And then you add in the nuclear power and you start doing all this different stuff and it just becomes a very complex issue that I don't think there's a black and white answer to. And so like we're all kind of learning as this thing is playing out. Yeah. We've really gone from one extreme to the other. So I think the negative side before was that a lot of the public felt that the government was really opaque and that these kinds of conversations were not transparent. Now you could argue that maybe they're a little bit too transparent. I mean, these things are happening in real time.  a larger entity, but I think Twitter is allowing more for these individual voices to be heard and it has its benefits and it also has its drawbacks. Yeah, one of my partners always says, a friend of his said to him, I reminisce about the days when I didn't know the name of the central bankers, right? Same thing can be said in terms of the ambassadorships, et cetera. Like the fact that we could name the controversial figures and what they're doing, et cetera, it's just a deeper level of information. How did you originally come across crypto?  a lot of people to get their stories out. And so that's kind of related to your other question. So I had been looking at the impact of the internet in China for a very long time. And early on, you know, the China has always had a lot of internet censorship. But the other thing about China is information is always managed to get through. No matter how much they censor, there's always information that gets through. It's just impossible for any one government to completely control the internet. It's just not possible. And so I just became interested in it on that level, just kind of looking at this tension between decentralized technology  like  the industry talks about how much data there is. Blockchain is data. People say the great thing about blockchain is that you can see all this data. But the number of people that actually understand that data or can use that data is actually very small. This isn't like an easy thing to make sense of. And so how we see data journalism is we take that data, but we tell stories around it, and we explain to investors what they should pay attention to and why should they care. And our platform also has a little bit more of a focus on the Asian markets.  is that there's this kind of this big gap in that obviously you have a lot of people doing data out there, a lot of data scientists, but they don't necessarily know how to communicate their ideas to a mainstream audience. They'll kind of hand you the data and say, okay, you figure it out. And then on the other hand, you have a lot of great journalists, but they're not necessarily familiar with data. So we're actually working with data scientists who can take that data and tell stories around it. It's really, I guess the simplest way to answer your question is I see data journalism as telling stories around data.  And why is this valuable, right? In the sense of, I think that I at least see it usually as two separate things, right? So you have the journalism that goes on, let's say in crypto at the coin desks, the coin telegraphs of the world, then there's the data journalism that goes on. But you don't see a huge intersection of the two, at least externally looking in at these different platforms. Why is that? And is that a good thing or a bad thing? Sorry, looking at the two, meaning like-  ways of telling stories have been very very separated. I think you know data scientists in general are not trained to you know create narratives around data and journalists are not necessarily trained to understand data at a very deep level. So you kind of have to create something something new. It's kind of a very new new field in general. Got it. And so let's talk about Asia specifically with crypto. Like what do you see just at a high level, right? You're talking to an American and or somebody from the Western world. They say I know nothing  And also, there is the chance that at least in the near term, we might see more dynamism there than in the United States. That's possible. And a lot of that has to do with regulation. I think a lot of blockchain projects are really afraid of the US, or they think that the US is too strict. And more important, they think regulations in the US are unclear. Like it's unclear what is the utility, what is the security. And so you hear stories. I mean, some of this is anecdotal, but I think we will eventually see some data on this.  But there needs to be a little bit more clarity and actually the the SEC commissioner Hester first visited Asia And I met her there and one of her observations was that you know The US is just just has a lack of clarity in the crypto regulation space It's just really hard to make sense of and I think that contrast to a place like Singapore where I think people have just a better sense of kind of what's going on and regulators are seen as Looking at cryptocurrency more as an opportunity than as a threat So I think that's I think those are the big things that's happening  Is there other metrics you guys look at? Like what are those key metrics to watch? Great question. I only do great questions on this. Yeah, it's a great question. So shout out to all the Twitter trolls who like that when I say that. I think that geographical data can be very, very challenging. This is one of the big challenges in blockchain is just in the blockchain world, which is isolating like what country activity is happening in. But there are certain things like, for example, I mean, one statistic that I think it's  They've had a lot of regulatory swings over the past two years, but I think it's a market that we should really take seriously because there's just a lot of retail traders there. China is very difficult to get accurate volume on because China has cracked down on cryptocurrency exchanges. We do know that trade volume was huge in 2016, 2017 before that happened. But what we try to do with China is we try to look at other metrics like social media. We look at search traffic for  often because I think it really shows the changes that are happening in the world. For sure. And so I'm very fond of this idea that the best investors in the world understand demographic changes and they basically bet on those changes. Right. So there are certain countries in the world that are growth countries versus not. And a lot of it is you can see by the demographics of the country. Right. Are they growing or are they not growing all this kind of stuff? What is the age population? The median and average age and all the kind of stuff. Is some of this  or something else that's driving this.  crypto.com. They're a crypto platform with one goal, motherf****** mass adoption. That's why we're all here. We're trying to get crypto in every wallet. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending and card payment. Everything you could want at crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  There's over-the-air updates and updates the car software just your update in your coin mine consumer mining made easy That's right. Go to coin mine comm tell them pump set you and thank me later one more word from our sponsor block 5 Their new interest account allows you to securely deposit your Bitcoin or ether at block 5 and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency This rate actually compounds so you receive a 6.2% APY, which is very attractive given the alternative  and I want to establish myself in Asia. Like how do you see kind of the connection of those US initiated organizations and the Asian markets? Yeah, I think both are happening. So, you know, and this is something that the SEC Commissioner actually said to me. She said that she's hearing projects are basically avoiding the US. So that can be... Of course they are. Yeah. I mean, so, so right. So there's there's all sorts of reasons. I mean, I think, you know, you also hear about a lot of and I've heard this just anecdotally about projects that, you know, don't want to accept.  need to be a securities lawyer to figure out what's going on. At least that's the impression. I mean, some people will say, no, the US is clear. I'm sure some people would argue that. But I think the general impression among a lot of blockchain projects is that it's not clear and that you could run afoul of US law accidentally. And that's like, who wants to take that risk? That's a pretty big risk. It's, you know, cryptocurrency is already pretty confusing and it's already, you know, regulations are already very slippery. Why would you want to operate in a jurisdiction where you could just accidentally get in trouble with it?  has shifted to Asia and there's no pulling it back because now you have a kind of a Snowball rolling downhill, right? You've got too many people too connected to Incentivize to be in Asia to stay there the liquidities there etc And you'll never pull the epicenter back to the US or is it possible to actually do that? Oh, I think it's definitely possible to change I think this is so dynamic. I mean, this is just changing so quickly. I mean even in just two years I've seen so many changes So, you know, for example you had China being kind of the center of the Bitcoin  is happening, it can kind of change on a dime, right? Because all you need is like one bad thing to happen in one of these countries and then they can completely change their policy on crypto. And I think with the US, a lot of it is going to just depend on like how regulators see this industry, right? Do they see it as a threat or do they see it as an opportunity? I mean, again, if you look at this SEC Commissioner, if you look at Hester Purse, she's one of the people who really sees this as an opportunity because I asked her this question, I said, why do you care if crypto leaves the US? Does this even matter? And she said, it matters because I don't want to leave  something that like will help the US in the long run. And I think you know Singapore sees crypto and blockchain as something that will help them in the long run. I think Japan ultimately will see it that way although they've been kind of going back and forth. So a lot of it is going to just depend on like if they see this is worth fixing. Yep. Absolutely. It makes complete sense. What are you most excited about in Asia? Right. So there's a whole bunch of stuff going on. There's projects that are coming from the US that are going there. There's a lot of stuff organically being built. But like somebody who spends a lot of  and we're talking about this really becoming a big thing. You need Asia, right? And I think this is something that these markets are really, really big players. And I think the attitude towards cryptocurrency, again, seeing it as an opportunity and the market size, and then also just like, yeah, the entrepreneurial activity that I'm seeing there is very exciting. It feels like it's... And also the speed, and again, speed is a double-edged sword, right? Because speed, you have to be careful because if there's too much speed, then mistakes can happen and scams can happen.  might not be a good thing. Like it actually may be a negative to some degree. This is sort of the million dollar question, right? So it's like, right. I mean, again, it's if you move too fast and if you cut corners, like really bad things can happen. I mean, we know this from the financial world. But right, there is this danger that if you move too slowly, you will get left behind and other countries will leapfrog you. So I think this is really, this is a question for regulators all over the world. And for me, as someone who comes from the policy world into this,  but also like not shutting it down. So it's like, I'm sympathetic to government regulators. I mean, this is like not an easy thing to figure out. And especially for a country like the US, which arguably has a lot to lose, right? I mean, you know, this is, that's the other thing. I mean, the US is in a different situation, right? So. Do you think investors in the US are making a mistake if they only invest in the US? Like, like, is it to the point where there's so much going on in Asia that ignoring that part of the world, uh, could actually have a material impact on returns and, and  knowing who you're dealing with. I mean, there's a lot of trust is necessary. A lot of networks are necessary. So, yeah, I do think it's important to invest in these markets, but I think you have to know. I think you have to know what you're doing because I think if you don't know what you're doing, I mean, this is true in general, but I think especially when you're operating in a foreign environment, if you don't know what you're doing, you can get pretty burned. You're being incredibly kind. I'll just say there's a lot of Americans who think that if they go to Asia and invest, they'll get scammed, right? They don't understand. Like basically is what you're saying. They don't understand the market. They don't understand the dynamics. They don't know who the players are.  and real kind of intellectual commitment to spend the time to do it.  in China, a lot of them are going to be like, it's fine.  confusing  cracking down. Right. So I think if you look at like a country like Japan specifically, I think they're really struggling with that, where they were embracing cryptocurrency, then they got suffered this major hack, then they became kind of overly strict. And now I think they're trying to figure out, OK, like, how do we make sure that like our exchanges are safe and we're like, you know, inspecting these exchanges, but with it not doing so to such an extent that like nobody wants to come here anymore. So I think that's really the big question for Asia. It's a big question for everywhere all over the world, which is like, how do you find that balance between like  are going to say, like, is this worth it? Is this really worth it? So that's going to be the big tension going forward. But I think we're going to also see increasing competition in the region. Right. And I think, you know, because as and this is, you know, even for China, I mean, I think China, you know, China is can be wary of Bitcoin, but they embrace blockchain technology because I don't think they want to miss out on this either. What do you think is the most important company in crypto right now? I'm super interested in your answer specifically, given that you have a global view, the most important company, the most important company  jurisdictions. They kind of left China early, relatively early. They left China kind of before the crackdown because they saw the writing on the wall. They had, you know, now they have a presence in Singapore. It's just a very, I just think Binance is just a really fascinating example of a company that shows that like they're not beholden to any one jurisdiction. They really are kind of decentralized because I think some people think of Binance as a Chinese exchange. They're up, but they're obviously so much bigger than that now. And I think they've navigated a lot of regulatory challenges in a way that  of like everywhere and nowhere. I think finance is a pretty good example about that. So it's not so much about whether I think finance is good or bad. I just think they are really representing a radically new kind of business model. For sure. What's the one regulation you would change if you could anywhere in the world? Well, I don't think this is necessarily a regulation, but I think that the United States should find a way to be more clear. And I don't have like I don't have the answer to that because I'm not like a securities lawyer. But I think that that's the  aliens do I think they're real or not? Yeah, I mean probably I think would be my answer. What is your logic as to why you probably think they're real? It just sort of makes sense, right? I mean the universe is so big, it's just I find it hard to believe that like we're the only ones here that just seems like that that that seems by the law of averages. There should probably be aliens somewhere. That's what I would say. Having given little thought to the issue. So that's exactly my thought process, right? You probably thought about it more. Well, I've had 200 people come in here and