 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  Skrrt skrrt!  and then you receive over-the-air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over-the-air updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine. Consumer mining made easy. That's right. Go to coinmine.com, tell them POM set you, and thank you later. As many of you know, crypto investors store their digital assets on exchanges or in cold storage for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth.  opinions and do not reflect the opinions of Morgan Creek Digital or Morgan Creek Capital Management. You should not treat any opinion expressed by Pomp as a specific inducement to make a particular investment or follow a particular strategy, but only as an expression of his opinion. This podcast is for informational purposes only.  You know went to school play basketball Only play basketball or play another sports too. No, I played I played football as well and I also skied so you skied in LA Yeah, man, I was actually pretty good though. It's crazy Not a great swimmer, but I can ski a little bit. All right, wait, hold on We got to talk about this for a second it high school No, no, so so I never went competitively well really competitively in football scheme because at high school my dad made me choose made a decision. Yeah  especially in LA that want to be a skier so basketball is a good choice you made it all right and then you went to Colorado right yep my final two choices for college were Colorado and Harvard I chose Colorado another basketball decision I want to get packed 12 hours mad about you know feeling a little bit under recruited and being a West Coast kid I wanted to I guess have some vengeance and go to NBA it worked right all right so so one of the things I want to get out of the way right away is you got accepted to go to Harvard and got recruited there  It was only like the mid threes at the end of the day because I kind of let it all go to the wayside when I started really rolling back to us when I ain't gonna lie to you but You know it was good enough to get in the Harvard because of SAT and you know, yeah, well in part of this the reason I want to make sure that people understand this is It's not a surprise what you're trying to do now because you're not just a single You know kind of faceted person around. Yeah. Hey, I play basketball. There's plenty of people who do that Those usually end up being the kind of horror stories I think of just I don't have skills after  then that's when you got drafted. I thought a whole year had gone by, but when I was looking at it before we did this, I was like, wait a minute. You tore it, then declared, and got drafted, what, second round, right? Second round, 38. Yeah, no, I mean, so we talked about not being highly ranked and all that stuff, so I go there freshman year, have a side year, followed up sophomore year, have a really good year. We go to the tournament. I was on draft boards. They suggest I come back, so I was gonna be late first, early second. So the way we were playing, we were about 15th in the country.  Was it just, it was more offensive and like, hey, I want to go play, let's go do this. Yeah, it was more offensive just from my mindset, right? Like when I started attacking recovery and they started saying like, you know, I was recovering well and all those other things. That's when I really was like, okay, I can really do this. I can really declare, you know, prior to that, you know, I heard all the doom and gloom stuff cause I wasn't supposed to play for a year. You know, it wasn't just ACLs, both menaces and MCL, you know, they're over here like, Hey look, your menaces was pretty like trash. So this, this could get kind of dicey. Like I don't, I don't know exactly what's going to happen.  Why this happened? Like all this stuff. Like, you know, I still want to go to the NBA. And she's like, you know, like, relax. And I'm like, what? And she's like, what do you want to do? I was like, I want to go to the league. She's like, I know. She's like, what do you want to do? I want to go to the league. She said, didn't do it. Just like that. Didn't do it. I'm crying. You know, I'm kind of in my feelings right now. I'm a 20 year old kid, I think at the time who just apparently had his dreams taken away. And so I'm tripping. And she's just like,  Mom was like, boy, if you don't just do it, like, are you good? And I was like, yes. She's like, then go. It's crazy. And so, uh, what were you being told going into the draft in terms of, Hey, you're hurt, you're recovering nicely, but was there an understanding that you could fall completely out of the draft to the later round? Like, well, no, no, no. Um, you pretty much knew you were going to be first, second round. Once we kind of cleared the first couple of hurdles of like recovering, it was like, okay, he's going to be fine. We don't know necessarily whether it's seven  Shoot, quite a bit. Yeah, because when I came into the league, the minimum was still around like five or six hundred thousand. It wasn't like one point five like it is now. So, you know, a top ten pick probably was in the two and a half, three million range. And my minimum was probably, you know, six hundred thousand, something like that. So quite a big difference. But, you know, the benefit was and obviously in trying to be optimistic if I have a one or two year deal and I play well, then I get to, you know, my next contract quicker. Whereas, you know, a first round pick, it's going to be four  He told me about it, yeah, right when I got drafted, he was like, you need to put some of your money in Bitcoin. I'm like, no way. Right when I got drafted, the problem is I'm listening to all these horror stories. I'm like, I'm a second round pig. I've only been in the league one or two years. I can't, I can't, bro. You know, I wish I had him. Well, now he's probably doing his victory lap, right? Yeah, you know, he definitely is. So circle back to about 2017 when I get back to the Nets, you know, I've already made,  Yeah, so I already had a little bit of money and then, you know, being in the D League for that kind of, or like Chicago D League experience that summer in 2017, kind of, you know, looking at other stuff and branching out and expanding my mind. Cause it's like, well, shoot, I'm out the league. Like I have to, you know, not just, you know, I mean, I have full faith and confidence I was getting back in, but you just kind of take time to, you know, expand your mind a little bit and even kind of be a little more focused on your family and all those other things. And so that's when, you know, I came back across it, had a couple of conversations with my guys.  Bob and stuff. I'm like if he's tired of Jack Ma. Yep And remember at this time we're talking about like Vegas gambling money. We're talking about Several thousand dollars like we're not talking about like it's not our true investment. You know that you're speculating Yeah, well this is this is speculating at the time so and this is why you know even though I caught the Bitcoin bull run It's not like it changed my life forever. It was I'm getting into it I'm learning about it and so you know when the ball it happens and the subsequent crash You know you start reading about like how does a market swing this much beyond the fact that it's in its infant stages? I like I want to know why  I should remember it because I want to give them credit for it but they said I came for the money and I stayed for the money but they're saying like I came basically from a capitalistic I want to get rich and I was greedy but then when I learned what money really was I learned what Bitcoin was like that's why I stayed right and so it the price does bring a huge influx of people in and get some pay attention yeah and and that's you know I'd be lying if I told you that wasn't part of like my journey in my story it's just that like you know now once you're in and now once you read a book  That's fine. Yeah listen like here's the way I look at it is If you go down the line I could think of a lot of celebrities athletes musicians Etc who have done a whole variation of them right now, but getting paid for the same thing just like everything else All right, so most people are interested in Bitcoin specifically and is this like hey I talked to my financial advisor and we're building a portfolio of Assets and like we got a little bit of Bitcoin in there  I really believe in. So like, let's let's drive like my capital towards these areas. Yep. You know what I mean? So, you know, obviously real estate is not going anywhere. You know, market can go up and down all that stuff just like any other market, but you know, people are going to need places to live. We're not making any more land. I'm a big believer in it. So, you know, it's something that you're interested in. It sounds like, and you understand. Yeah. Right. So it's like, Hey, look, I'd rather go do that. Then go speculate on some stocks that I have no clue about. Like that actually made me more risky than  they made a list of the 50 things that athletes who stay rich made. I think I heard Patrick Goshanzi talking about this with one of the guys. And it's things like, hey, they got rims that are 22 or less. They wear condoms. They got this whole list. And it's a list of not, don't do this, it's a list of do this. And kind of the positive affirmation and the hey, here's the playbook rather than don't do this other stuff because by nature, athletes will,  cryptocurrency in general, which is understandable due to the crash and them not understanding like blockchain and stuff like that. But, you know, talking about real estate or talking about VC, which is very involved right now, is definitely popping up in the locker rooms for sure. Is there a competition on who got into what deal? Hey, man, I dropped 20 on you last night and I also got the Uber before you. No, no, not what not that I've heard. I mean, maybe there's some, but not that I know. All right. And before we get into some of the tokens,  the rest day, like the light workout day is your rest day. That's when you go in, you know, maybe you get like an hour's worth of a lift or some shots and you know, you get a good stretch in, hit the sauna or something like that and then you're out in two, three hours or something like that. That's your rest day. But you know, a practice day, I mean, you know, practice is gonna start at 10, you gotta be there by 8.30 to eat, you know, then you're gonna have like your correctors that you have to do in the weight room. Practice goes from 10 to 12.30, then you got, you know, 12.30 to one, 12.30 to one, 15.  because it's our dreams and so it's different in that capacity from us enjoying it, especially our reward being the games and being able to compete and do things that we love, but people thinking that we just kind of lay in bed all day and then show up and drop 20 and then go home and kick it, that's not how it is. What about game day? Game day, so I've been fortunate enough for the last year or so with the Brooklyn Nets, they've been pretty light on shoot-arounds, but usually you kind of have this light practice  whether you're working on something specific or if you didn't play, then you have conditioning, right? So let's say you normally play 25, 30 minutes, but that night you played 10, they may make you run on the treadmill for the other 15, 20 that you didn't play. So it's pretty involved. It's not a joke. If you... And they're data driven on all this stuff and really paying attention to... Oh yeah, they track loads and all that stuff. They have metrics for it. There's second spectrum in the arenas. The cameras track how many miles are ran.  Because I remember I think it was maybe end of maybe this beginning the Preseason this year or maybe last year something the video James Harden working out after the game, right? And it was like hey to do just you know drop 40 points or whatever and now he's in the gym And it wasn't like he was stretching right? And and and so I guess I never realized how common that is oh, yeah, oh, yeah, no, that's uh That's that's that's not out of the ordinary. All right, and the last question on this. I just read an article  When are they sleeping? Yeah, and that's for 82 games two games in like a 220 day period or something like that. So the real problem. Yeah, and I have for sure Well sure what do players do to try to get over that or kind of you got to be a big napper You know or you have to just be a guy that is fine with that You know there are some guys that are fine with four hours of sleep and that's they're just one of those highly functioning people that does that Consistently I myself am not that guy I get cranky I get grumpy all those things so  That was true. And the other one is it was Jason Williams Was at a at a game the pre-game shoot around and he got there and Kobe went and leave the court until Jason Williams left and Jason's like hey, man Why'd you why were you there for long? He's like I wouldn't leave until you left. Yeah, so it's just it's a mentality. Yeah, he's wired different like there's a lot of crazy dudes in the league in terms of that competitive nature, but like He's next level. Yeah, he's a little different. He's all over Instagram now. There's like 12 year old or 13 year old daughters basketball  get paid by monthly, so first and 15th, over a 24 month period, that can vary. Some guys can get it as low as like a six month, sometimes you can get certain advances or whatever, and then sometimes you can have different incentives into a contract, whether you shoot a certain percentage or whatever, but all those things are very individual to that player. And so the uniform player contract just has the standard protections, right, in terms of the guarantees, et cetera, and then you kind of write in anything that  Yeah, my family will be got it and After you sign the contract right so most players they've got an agent agent negotiates the contract You got your bank or whatever right those contracts are getting paid to you personally to like an LLC like how do most players? mechanically Engage with the contract are they signing it personally or is it through some sort of like legal structure? Yeah, so you you can do it different well You can technically do it either way right it's as long as what the nets are paying  What point do you come up with this? Frankly probably crazy idea first that becomes reality, but you're gonna tokenize the contract. What did that mean to you? What was the idea Genesis, etcetera? Um, you know, I've actually been on kind of a journey of like intellectual property rights Brand fan engagement like all those things in terms of like Recognizing what our power is as the asset right like if you look at Whatever permutation of this you want to look at it right whether it's  Yeah, their job is to obviously bring the fans and the players closer together Make their interactions as seamless and easy as possible and they do a phenomenal job of it, right? Like one of the best things in the world if you look at it globally I mean we're second to soccer I believe right now. I'm like growing in terms of like I know the NFL still brings in like obviously a Super high amount of revenue because they can have a hundred thousand plus fans and we can only have like, you know 10 to 20 in an arena but in terms of just kind of the growth and like expanding globally and engaging in those other markets and basing  You know I get a couple I get a couple people but you know you drop one of those people out there There's a flock if you tell if you tell people on social media Hey They're gonna be playing a basketball game LeBron's gonna play a basketball game or KD gonna play one-on-one game in the middle of the street right here You'll get thousands of thousands of cops to come in the cops have to come yeah, so that's where the value is you know and so any asset right has its own asset class and then that's kind of the real genesis of this whole thing you know and and we just like an apple or just like a  $50 million range or whatever it is. There really is no difference when you look at it in that manner. And so as me, the company, me, Spencer, me, the asset, I can offer whatever product I want to my fans based upon whatever I feel my value is. And it's on them to determine the market. It's not on the NBA to determine the market, it's on them, right? If I offer a BS product, then they won't buy it, right? It's really that simple. It's kind of the same way like I told you before. If I went to the bank right now and told them, everybody kind of knows my contract,  They'll be like, okay, that makes sense. You could probably pay it off in a couple years You know if you if you so chose or you could carry the mortgage 30 years if you wanted like it would completely be up to you Yeah, and it's very much the same way like I said terms for for a product that I'm willing to offer as Spencer Demi to asset and either fans will say hey We like those terms they're favorable or they'll say no We don't think those terms are favorable and they won't buy in and then the asset or the product rather I'll succeed your fails based upon that right there It really has nothing to do with the league, which is why you know, it was it was so disappointed to hear  And then what you do with your money is up to you bingo and what you said to me Which just made it clear day to me was they don't tell you what car to buy Yeah, they don't tell you what house to buy. Yeah, they frankly don't tell you what what casino to go gamble at if you wanted to do that you can do whatever you want with your money exactly and What you've done is you've structured a offering yeah, right that allows fans to Enjoy the product that you are presenting exactly and your point is whatever the terms of those  If I want to set those terms the way I want to set those terms, then I'm fine with it clearly because I set the terms, right? Because I am the company, right? That or the personal entity that set those terms. So really that's what that's, that's like I said, the most frustrating part about it because it really has nothing to do with them. Me sitting down and saying, Hey, NBA, this is what I want to do was merely out of courtesy because I view it as something that can be beneficial if we partner. I view it as something that if the NBA wants to be a part of it, it could offer a ton of benefit for them because  It's just one of the two ways it's gonna happen. So when you announced this you had already talked to the league or no? No, so when I when I had announced this the very first time I talked to the players association Yeah, players association was cool with it and they thought it was a good idea generally okay with it You know, you're not you're not doing anything wrong boom and then the conversation with the league obviously we're scheduled start after the players association We talked about a little bit. Well technically got leaked and so that's kind of what shifted timelines a little bit  my father or my teacher or something. It's no because I said no and I'm just simply sitting there saying why. Like if you can explain to me why I cannot do it, if you can explain to me legally why this is wrong, then I will drop everything right now. I promise you. I don't want to go to war with you. You guys are great at what you do. I've loved my time being a partner with the NBA and playing in the NBA. I'm not going to try to deliberately cut my career short or anger you guys to take action against me. So if you guys can tell me why, I'll stop. But if you guys are just going to sit here  Everyone asking like why don't you guys like this exactly and that's the thing like if you look at it, right? So the NBA right now the biggest thing that is gonna be at our premium not just this year but years going forward is fan engagement and getting people to continue to watch TV right because it's not a historic TV deal, but technically like on TV viewership is down right like interesting in terms of like the match They wanted to hit and stuff like that now. We're still growing We're still doing great things making a bunch of money all that good stuff, right? But just looking at the TV deal compared to how  is  Now, don't worry, your boy POMPs gotcha. Everybody got some electricity and wifi. All you gotta do is go to coinmine.com, you buy a coin mine, it's like an Xbox or a PlayStation that helps you turn your electricity into Bitcoin. That's right, you purchase it, it shows up at your doorstep, you pull it out of the box, you plug it in, connect to your wifi, five minutes or less, you're mining Bitcoin. All you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide, and then you receive over-the-air updates that add new coins  APY which is very attractive given the alternatives so you can actually take your Bitcoin you can deposit it with block fight and get paid an interest rate of 6% in return go check out block fight comm slash pump again block fight comm slash pump to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today and It's very clearly articulated one of the things as I was looking more what you're doing Yeah, like there's regulatory oversight right in the sense of you can't just  Reg D, you know, we specifically went