 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcast in crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  politics a lot. I thought it was interesting, but I was a first generation American. Where's your family from? Russia. Didn't have any money. We didn't know anybody. But in 1992, the Democratic Convention, it was the Bill Clinton nominating convention, was here at the Garden. And my dad had a friend who was a lawyer for the Carpenter's Union. And this guy, Brian O'Dwyer, great guy, called me up and said, hey, I can get you like a one day Carpenter's pass to the convention. Do you want it? Sure, that'd be great. So if you look in the newspaper, it says Convention noon to midnight.  And now that I know it, Randal, he was definitely just talking to the empty chair. He's talking either way. It's just there might be human being nearby, there might not. And so- He would love to have a podcast then. He had a sports radio show. That's amazing. And Philly, he became a sports radio host after he was done being governor. You're not joking about him having something to say. No, no, no, he's awesome. I mean, that's a rough fucking place to do sports. For sure. So we had a nice conversation and he said, oh, when you get back to school, you're busy.  I get to like not his off like the outer secretary. I said, it's the mayor here. And they were like, we're kind of stunned because it's a crazy question. The only people who do that are either people who are genuinely crazy, which I wasn't, or people like protesting, which I wasn't. I was just this like gullible naive kid. They're like, wait, this kid actually may be lost. What? And they're like, finally, like, um, do you want to leave him a note? I'm like, okay, sure. So I write the note, get back on the subway to go out to the dorm, kind of hits me like, fuck it. You can't just go see the mayor.  that Rendell did to revitalize Philly. So he set up this office called Policy and Planning where it was just, he just took this really smart group of people and said, come up with good ideas for city government. And then I was like, you know, basically we do the research wherever it is. And so one of the projects I was doing was they wanted to come up with a way to lure smart graduates out of college into city government. So as I was researching other cities programs, because the stuff existed in some places, I met the New York City people and they looked at me and said, how old are you? And I was like, you know, 20 at that point, 19.  You interned and then you went back like the next summer or after I graduated I was going to my senior year But I took like a whole bunch of classes and graduated in a semester and went back in January Got it. And you're the press secretary. Yeah, so I'm doing the press and you know, we're just like opening up playgrounds Yeah, but you know, we're coming up with all like any weird thing So this guy would he would do anything to get attention both for himself and for Park So you could like dress him up in a crazy costume anything that got pressed like I remember Groundhog's Day one year  in as Chuck Schumer's communications director where I had arguably the worst job in all of Washington, D.C. because Chuck, as some listeners here may know, is the most, well, until Trump, you could confidently say Chuck is the most media-hungry member of person in Washington, most politician. All right, before we get to this, hold on, I have one question for you. So you said something earlier that was interesting about the programs to try to get young, kind of intelligent, hungry kids out of great schools into politics. How big of a problem is it in terms of the quality  He said, I don't care about diversity, quite frankly. I don't care about politics. I just want the most talented people I can find. And then he said to every one of them, okay, you look at the report to me, you got to hire the same way. So every kind of non-civil service job where he had discretion was just filled with incredibly smart people who normally would never work in city government. And then he said, okay, you know what? I'll let you loose. Come up with ideas. Yeah. What's your best idea? And if you fail, but it's a good idea. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.  2002 it was rough. So coming off 9-11 city economy is really bad He did a lot of things that became necessary or popular over time like the smoking ban But the smoking ban was actually very unpopular when we did it or he raised property taxes because he had to stabilize the tax base Ultimately worked out but unpopular at the time obviously unpopular. Yeah, so I remember sitting City Hall thinking like I'm not gonna reelect this guy and his charm and charisma because our numbers are terrible  campaign. I just went through like every transcript, every newspaper article, every everything. And I pitched it to him and he's like, okay, great idea. And then we went and did it. And what percentage of things had we had? We had, we had probably done about a third of them. That's actually pretty hot. Not bad. We were, we were probably working on another third and then another third, nothing at all. And we actually had to change my mind category as well. And we're just like, cause you know, he'd never worked in government before. There are ideas in the campaign that once he got into the city realized like, okay, it doesn't make sense.  He was just this sort of incredibly unique guy. And it's really hard to kind of compare him to anyone else. I've learned that lesson the hard way sometimes, like, oh, what if we just sort of, this person seems to like Mike when we try this. And the answer is they're never like Mike. But yeah, and part of the way that got done, it's usually that politics is one thing, government's another. So I went and sat down with every commissioner. I said to Ray Kelly, like, hey, how we do it on these 17 promises? He's like, what promises? And it turned out someone was doing anyway. That's how we kind of had a third roughly done.  that are inherently clean, safe, and well run, nor inherently dangerous and poorly run, it's as good as the management, right? And the reason why New York City, you know, for a long time has been pretty solid is for all of Rudy's craziness right now, when he was mayor, he was actually a pretty good mayor, so that was eight years. And then Mike just governed in this completely business-like, nonpartisan, independent way that just no one's ever done before, right? So you had 20 years, now de Blasio's managing to like destroy a lot of it, but they built  itself. So Mike really did try to treat city government as much as he could like a private enterprise and it worked really well. The track record of really rich people running for office and winning is pretty bad. Yeah, Mike Walens, in New York we don't realize that because we had him, but most of the time when some CEO runs for office they get killed. They spend a ton of money, consultants sort of suck all the money out of their campaign and they get no votes. So. Why? Because running for office is really hard and it's a totally separate skill set from anything else. It's a separate skill set from anything else.  And he only won by 50,000 votes in the city of 8.6 million people. So it was really close, but he did out. But if not for 9-11, we lose by 25 points. Wow. And then the real acts were, you know, a function of his, his performance as mayor. And I think at least the one that I ran functioning over our campaign, but, but nonetheless, it's pretty rare. So, so in all of these places, cities can really succeed. They can really fail. And it really depends on the quality of people you put in. And so in  bothers to show up. And so that's, that's what happened. And that's why a guy like de Blasio who hates the job of being mayor, the near post reported that he spent, you know how many hours he spent at city hall in the month of May total. I'm gonna guess that he spent four hours every other day. So call, let's give him 15 hours a week. So we'll go with 60 hours. So if you subtract 53 from that, you'd be correct. Seven hours.  was really falling apart, you had a really good mayor like Rendell and he was able to really help bring it back. So the good news is cities can get better, the bad news is they can get worse. So if you're a property owner here in New York City, it's really important who the mayor is because the value of that investment is significantly impacted by the city's overall quality of life. Yeah, let's go back to Chuck in Washington. What was that experience like? Insane, brutal, but a really good learning experience. Chuck is famous for having a press conference  Like what was the most ridiculous? Like I think we did one about like the high price of breakfast cereal. I think we had something about like windshield wiper fluid. We were always forming this like blue ribbon commissions, which meant nothing. Or one trick is we would send a letter to some company protesting something and you know, we, and then you got announced that you sent the letter. Yeah. And then they're not there on Sunday, right? So it's a one sided story. But I started noticing that, that the response from the people that we were going after kept saying, we never got the letter. And then it hit me.  cover in part because people did need to see their leaders and it really made a difference and Chuck and his work ethic really came worked out well because he was willing to go to everything. Be with people, help them. He wanted the attention for sure but at that moment, he genuinely cared, he really did and at that moment it was what the city needed. Because of that I saw Rudy in action this whole time and just showing leadership in a moment like that is really, really critical. One of my favorite stories from 9-11 which obviously is a horrible event but  And I thought that he was incredible in that moment. I was totally inspired and was screaming and cheering and everything else. He jumps on top of the fire truck, I hear you and soon they're gonna hear you. And it was an incredible moment. And he really did at that moment show great leadership. I don't think he ended up being a great president overall, but it was electric. And even the Democrats there, they might lie about it, but everyone was comfortable.  office today is like that, you know, the same thing. Um, and it's a guy I know who said, how'd you like to be the deputy governor of Illinois? And I said, what's a deputy governor? And why are you calling me? And who, yeah, who the fuck are you? Right. Um, and so a guy who now is named, you're going to know named Rob Blagojevich had, uh, kind of come out of nowhere to win the governorship. No one expected him to win. So he didn't really have like a team because he just, he was a congressman, which means he had very little staff and he was a congressman. Yeah.  But they needed someone that like, I was 29, right? It's like, okay, you're 29 and you get to run all of the operations, the whole budget, legislation, policy, and communications for the fifth day of state in the country. Okay, I'll put up with pretty much anything for the opportunity to do that. And I did. And it was an insane four years because Rod had a both highly logical and illogical view of things, which is his job was to run for office and he would do, he did his job effectively. He won. And he would literally say, I think I'm going to run for office.  and in some ways not, but. What's the Kanye saying? Show me a genius who's not a little crazy? Yeah, for sure. And in tech we certainly understand that. But he, yeah, he just like, it took me a few months to figure, to understand that like, he just had no interest. Like I remember the first legislative session ends, it passed typically four or 500 bills in a session and most of them were nonsense. Like the official MCAB in Illinois is the frog or whatever. Like there's like a hundred that like actually matter for public policy. And so you like have the lawyers review  but there was no one else to do it, right? That's fucking wild. It was nuts. Talking about the pardons, one of the things that I've talked to a number of people on, everyone from Magnificrats, et cetera, they've come on, is around criminal justice reform, making up all this stuff. And the one stat that blows my mind is if you are up for parole, there is a number of studies that show stupid facts. Like the closer you are to lunch before the lunch hour, the less likely you are to be approved, right? Wow. And so like you want the number  So basically I set up a policy and said if you're a violent offender and your crime was in the last, I don't know, five years, seven years, whatever it is, and you're still in your jail sentence, like no, we'll just come back later. If you're nonviolent, okay, then we're open to it. And look, generally speaking, the world has evolved in a way, criminal justice reform, where I think people generally now think that most nonviolent offenders probably shouldn't be incarcerated in the first place. So that was how I tried to divvy things up. And I didn't mind granting pardons if someone clearly, you know, was a not violent person and could do it.  with the law enforcement. So you see in places like Baltimore where the DA just says, look, you guys can keep arresting all these people for kind of possession of small amounts of marijuana. I'm not prosecuting, so I'm essentially decriminalizing it without actually changing the law. And you really start to see where the power comes from in terms of the legislation versus the enforcement of those legislation. And it's just fascinating. Yeah, I mean, oftentimes, I think people who work in politics, especially if you work in the legislature, tend to think like, okay, we passed this bill.  is much more powerful than like any, almost any city council member. Because they take it and they have the power to do everything with it, allocate money, choose how things are enforced, not enforced, whatever it is. Like the reality is you don't need to run for office to have an impact in government. In some ways that's the worst way to have an impact in government. Yeah, that makes sense. What was your take when all the stuff with Rod was going down? I mean, so the way that I kind of ended it with him was, so it's towards the, it's 2006, so I've been there for three plus years, three and a half years this past year.  That's just normal. But there were a few things not my portfolio and one of them were grants, which later it's because turns out they wanted to use us for their own purposes. But so Ram calls me and if you're watching entourage. Yes. So Ari who's his brother in real life. But he'd run through you every call. Fuck you. Fuck you. Hangs up yells screams. Curses some more. And if you only heard one call you back. Wow, that guy's really mad. Is it not right? Yeah, it's fine. You know, I used to like put him on speakerphone and invite people in to like listen to it like it's a show. Hey, let's fuck  can't really link these things, one's politics, one's government. He said, you tell them all my fundraiser. And I was like, okay, that's clearly legal. So I called our ethics council and reported it and said, you better put a stop to it. And they did. The fundraiser never happened. The grant was given, but I ended up testifying in both of Rod's corruption trials to what was, he was charged with the temp extortion of Congressman Nagel. And in that situation, when that goes down, let's say that you had reported it, like what I want to really understand  Yeah, but more because our general counsel was a roots getting Bill Clinton was a really talented guy who could figure out how to do that So ultimately it worked in that case But once that happened my kind of relationship with Rob was basically over and I left a few months later Yeah, and to me, you know is for sure. I've heard kind of the details of it, right? But a lot of what's going on right now in politics with Trump and Biden and Ukraine and all this crazy shit what I think for the like layman who's never worked in government frankly doesn't have a  vice president, right? So there's this inherent soft corruption that exists and, you know, I'm for anyone but Trump, but nonetheless, you know, that I think people in the system just feel entitled to, right? Bernie Sanders kid, like a hundred grand to run some public policy institute funded by the state of Vermont. I think Clinton's are the most sort of entitled and all that Trump is sort of in a whole different level of corruption. But like, but ultimately I think where politicians in Washington doesn't get is, yeah, there might be legal lines, but all, but most people don't get to like leverage their  And then the second thing is this legal, it's not really insider trading, right? But basically the ability to buy and sell stocks based on legislation. For years and years and years, it was not illegal for members of Congress to actually trade stocks based on their own information from Congress. And then finally they realized like, okay, so now they can't do it. Now they can't do it. And there's a Congress name and Chris Collins from Buffalo who was indicted a few weeks ago, or maybe a week ago and resigned for taking knowledge he had as a congressman and making stock decisions.  It's legal, you get into all these weird complexities. And here's the thing, government and politics, everything else in life has a lot of gray, right? Most things are not. I got lucky that the time that Rod asked me something illegal, it was pretty black and white, like, no, this is stupid. So it was clear to me, don't do this, right? But the reality is, that's more the exception. The norm is something where it's like, okay, these people are donors to your campaign, they endorse this thing, this is this policy therefore that they want to see happen.  I was of this view and I'm biased. I was my skimping manager and all that. So like I'm not objective in any way, but he reminded me a lot of Rod, right? Which was he's incredibly lazy and incredibly corrupt. The Blasey was under seven separate federal criminal investigations, all for basically bribes in one form or another. Really? Yeah. All for basically, you know, he, the people would give him money and then the public policy that they wanted all of a sudden became theirs. And I took the legal standard that was used under Blagojevich and said, it's there seven of these things.  There's no indictment. I don't have, I'm not going to attract a top tier candidate into the race. So he's going to get real. I did. Um, but it was really based on the fact that in, and where I fucked up was I took the legal standard used in Blagojevich and in the intervening couple of years, there wasn't that much time. This case, McDonald got handed down by the Supreme Court and I was aware of it, but I didn't really factor it in enough. And so the standard changed and where's before McDonald, they could have brought charges against the Blasio and know they were going to win post McDonald. Like, Oh, we might not win.  People who start off with it's a weird story cuz I mean it's a good story fix out So I'm sitting so after the sort of the Bloomberg campaign or nine I run the campaign we win And I start my first company. It's a consulting firm that runs campaigns for big companies So okay Walmart was one of our first clients and the kind of thing where they pick up it We want to build the store in downtown Boston New York, whatever it is, and there's union issues. There's zoning issues. There's community issues It was on me to figure out how to overcome all those and make it happen  Data is he telling you his vision? He's telling me his vision what he said to me and I remember this so clearly is he said one day No one will own a car They will all drive themselves and you'll get them by pressing a button And the truth is for whatever challenges and problems he's had He's gonna be right and there's no one in the world that came closer to bringing that to reality than him That's pretty fucking impressive. That was his years early 2011 and so you know what? All right, this sounds interesting and look it was my company. I could do whatever I want  So I'll probably settle at more like 150 175 X but but pretty good return. Yeah, so Yeah, and and now it's right so I don't even need to know what the cost me what the original was it up 150 X is pretty good Yeah, and so but what we did that was really interesting and fun I think form the basis for how kind of texts are dealing politics is you know We were this little company and taxi was this big cartel I mean now, you know if ever thinks of that the other way around but we couldn't compete with them on lobbying or campaign contributions  to lean on the local politicians to say shut these guys down they're violating the law and in every single city that I can recall we got a cease-to-sist letter saying you have to stop and the thing that Travis said that was so brilliant two things one is to his credit he's like fuck it we're trying to go in any way and push us as far as we can and what he understood is if you let the genie out of the bottle right think about the first time you use doob or now you're annoyed because it's supposed to be four minutes take seven minutes but that you're like magic magic magic this is the most incredible thing ever and by everyone listening to this podcast  be our advocates politically, right? And this was the big bet that Travis had the insight around, which was, I think what we're doing is so special that people will fight for it. And then we had the ability through the app to reach all of our customers and say, here's the issue. It started in DC. The city council at the best of taxi put in a bill that would have totally wiped Uber out of the market. And we had lobbyists, we were doing the normal stuff, but I knew we couldn't compete on those grounds. And we did a test from Travis, put out an email to everybody  We wrote a second a new bill that was passed unanimously and that was the basis for it ended up being how Ride-sharing was legalized in every market in the US which is we were consistently able to mobilize our customers and ended up over time being a couple of million people tweeted email texted in some way use technology to tell their local officials I want to be able to do this thing and the reality of what politics works and stop me if this gets boring but my real go so Your city council member, right?  If I do this, so all right, you got what you want. Politicians make incredibly rational logical decisions based on self-preservation at every single turn. And if you understand that that's the basis for all of their decisions, then it's not as hard to sort of get them to make the decisions you want them to make. If you can prove that hey, if you do what I want, you'll get reelected, and if you don't do what I want, you won't get reelected. And with Uber, we were able to amass enough numbers that they felt that, and as a result, we won. I remember in New York at one point, people would open the app and they were like,  You take credit for it your book I wrote the book and this is the start of the book, which is I'm sitting in the Dallas Airport It's like a random Tuesday in June and I'm not even working with Uber at this point the year they've at that point They've set up their operation, you know, I'm just