 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off. The following is a conversation with Jason Williams, co-founder and partner at Morgan Creek Digital. In this conversation, we discuss building a half a billion dollar healthcare company, thermal de-manufacturing, Dunkin' Donuts and Starbucks,  buying, earning, lending, and card payment. Everything you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  Anthony Pompliano is a partner at Morgan Creek Digital. All opinions expressed by Pomp or his guests on this podcast are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of Morgan Creek Digital or Morgan Creek Capital Management. You should not treat any opinion expressed by Pomp as a specific inducement to make a particular investment or follow a particular strategy, but only as an expression of his opinion. This podcast is for informational purposes only.  I had on a button down and looked the part and now when Jason's here I've got a t-shirt on and So just Jason's so perfect. Yeah, but you called me beforehand and told me to wear a t-shirt Yeah, cuz I'm also in charge of the wardrobe on the podcast All right, so Jason I've known each other for a really long time at this point Let's get through your background first. So people who don't know you Can get a sense of it. Yeah, so I'm from New York originally Queens and moved to Florida  between a physician assistant and a doctor. Yeah, yeah, so think of a physician assistant as someone who goes to school, gets his bachelor's degree, pre-med, then does another two years. So it was born out of Naval Corpsman, who were in Vietnam, actually. These guys came back from the war and couldn't transition into civilian work. So at Duke University, they created this program to  at that time, so all of my training was at Fort Bragg in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Very, very cool. So you're there and you come up with this wild ass idea while you're at Yale doing the surgical residency. Maybe explain a little bit about what the initial idea was that eventually became fast med. Yeah, so while I was doing that surgical residency, the surgical team at Yale is responsible to take care of trauma, so any time there's any type of surgical trauma that comes in,  like volunteer or you know, like you're contributing something really big to society. And I was really confused by the way patients were interfacing with the physicians and nursing staff and the way the nurses and physicians were interfacing with the patients. It just seemed like everyone was just really angry and confused and it left a big impression on me. I thought it could be done better.  So it would take care of all the non-life threatening but urgent scenarios that you would potentially have. And what type of situations are those? Right, so it could be broken bones, lacerations, colds, coughs, pneumonia, asthma attacks, allergic reactions. So it's a lot of complicated stuff that these naval corpsmen were trained to do, like right in the sweet spot of a physician assistant. So I knew I could do that stuff using Allied Health Center  or using physician assistant and the nurse practitioner, you bring down that cost structure pretty dramatically. And I'm guessing that you pass some of that on to the patient as well? Yeah, I mean, it was one 10th the cost. So everybody's saving. If you don't have insurance, you're getting access to care. And if you have insurance, those benefits are passed on to the insurer, right? They're getting the big savings because they're not getting a 10X cost. So it was very good.  in this field in healthcare is not like building a software company, right? So in the software world, if you've got an internet connection, you got a computer and you got some skills, you can literally spin up a server, you can build a website, you can kind of go to town right from your couch. You can't do that when you want to build a retail healthcare clinic. You have to go get a physical location. There's licensing, there's kind of regulation, there's staff and marketing, et cetera. Maybe just describe, you know, one,  I go out to First Citizens Bank, I'm 23 years old and convince them to lend me just enough money to go to an auction to buy a post office in this town called Hope Mills, North Carolina. I picked the post office because it was like the city center, right? It was away from the hospital, the institutional kind of aggregated area where you'd have found typically medical offices. This was near your Starbucks, your coffee shop,  be far better than your primary care doctor in the same location who's not being challenged by some smart kids who are practicing alongside of them. Does that make sense? Absolutely. Yeah, so first practice, I start early 2001, then we deal with 9-11. We go through that. I learn a lot during that time. The business and the practice is super successful. You see,  property, right? I think one of the things we've talked about a lot is this idea of like the banks are likely to lend money to people who don't need it. And when people need money, they're unlikely to lend them money. And so being a young kid with how to track record, right, and kind of just an idea, the options of financing a business, I think, when you have that asset heavy type business, there's not a lot of venture capital, right, that's available. And even back  to lend the money. They weren't banking my early stage venture into owning urgent care. They were lending me money to buy a post office, right? So we were leveraging that property at first using financing to buy an asset, build it into a revenue generating model. And I quickly learned that you can use this levered real estate thesis over and over again. I never made one mortgage payment personally.  and execution and then obviously with your story there's multiple transactions and kind of a bunch of stuff that happened in there but maybe just walk us from okay you start the first one it's successful you see if the model works kind of where do you go from there? Yeah so we opened the first urgent care in Hope Mills, North Carolina. I'm working nights in the emergency room still you know because you're paying yourself last you know and I'd like to talk at some point about you know how I feel about entrepreneurship, self-employment, being a business owner, how you deal  your conviction and then you just keep going. And that's really what happened with FASMED, right? We opened up the first urgent care. I'm recruiting my friends, my other PA buddies from around the country, hiring physicians, working nights in the emergency department, open up my second office, open up my third office, and actually take quite a bit of time. I'm only opening up one office a year at first. Oh really? Yeah, it was like from 2001 to 2009, I probably had 10.  in terms of taking outside capital to kind of scale faster or? Yeah, that's it. There was a lot of interesting things happening in the US healthcare system at that time. You had the election of President Obama. I was looking at universal healthcare as being something that was highly likely to be passed. And what would that mean to US healthcare? Would access go down? Would access go up? Who would be the gatekeepers?  You know, you just don't see that happening. But we were able to pull that off quite dramatically. And we tested that in North Carolina and then into multiple states. Got it. And so you take the transaction with CommVest and then eventually you end up doing something with Blue Cross Blue Shield. Maybe we talk a little bit about the second transaction and kind of what happened there. And it was somewhat groundbreaking in the healthcare industry. Yeah. So we completed the transaction with CommVest in 2015.  for us, it was the first time in US healthcare that a major payer had invested in the provider side of healthcare. And if you step back for a second and you let that kind of wash over you, think of the competitive nature and the ethical questions you'd have that your payer, the insurance company, owns the provider of the healthcare. Where are the incentives? Is there alignment? Are they cost conscious  who were those who had Blue Cross, Blue Shield, but allowed us to develop patient steerage campaigns to help guide decision making because that's part of what was wrong with healthcare and what I recognized in 2001 when I dropped out of Yale. The reason everyone was so pissed off is because people were in the wrong place, right? You're at Yale at 8 p.m. with a toothache in the emergency room.  lifestyle type thing because they're dependent on the doctor, right? If the doctor's not there, the physician's not there, there's not a lot of work getting done, right? And so, you know, we've talked at length between you and I about the end. There's no work getting done, really. There's refills and rescheduled, but there's no decision maker there. There's no decision maker there, so. There are a choke point on the business, right? And so it's super unscalable because if you don't see the physician, you don't go there, right? The only reason to go is to actually see the physician and have them look at you  So those were the things that we knew we could disrupt in 2001. Now you have the advent of hospitalists, so the primary care physician doesn't necessarily have to round on you when you go into the hospital. I don't know if that's necessarily the greatest thing though, right? You want your primary care physician to see you and take care of you and be the coordinator of care. But now you have these patient care teams that you hope are communicating in the most efficient, transparent of ways.  a real estate acquisition effort as well, right? Because the model here is not to, hey, I'm gonna go set up my practice in a wheatwork, right? Where I just walk in, you know, sign a piece of paper and I've got a one month lease. You actually have to go and acquire physical infrastructure. So you gotta get land in a building. And then you've gotta build that out to ensure that it can facilitate the work that you wanna do inside of that building for healthcare. So not only just, you know, hey, are there checkout rooms? Are there beds?  did cloud mapping technology. We used, I don't even know if you guys still use Google Earth at all. Yeah, it's around. Right, but it was actually a pretty cool tool when it first came out because you could load. It's like satellite view. Right, but you could load all of these different demographic things and indicators in and create a model that could give you an idea of a zip code's potential  And at the same time I was scaling the business Blockbuster was going out of business So all we did was go out and pre-release Blockbuster video stores so Jason started out buying a post office and then he basically I think he became one of if not the largest acquire of Blockbuster big time infrastructure. Yeah, we literally started a program inside fast mid that was called warehouse saying so before the Blockbuster video store would go out of business I would go  80,000 patient visits a year. One hospital emergency room. We were doing 1.5 million patient visits a year. So in terms of allocation of my time, a huge portion of it was citing new sites for growth. The other one was culture. And that's something that you and I don't really spend a lot of time on. I don't think we've ever really talked about the importance of culture, but for me,  should be your first social responsibility, right? If profit's your first social responsibility, then you can do all the other things that you wanna do. Peter Drucker, it's Peter Drucker, essentially. Yeah, so you have to have money, and then you can give all your money away if you want, but it can't be the reverse. It can't be the reverse. Well, it's also this idea, if you go back to your example at Yale, where everyone's pissed off, right? And the quality of the care suffers, the experience suffers.  down into the customer experience. Yeah, Pop, I literally fought every day to maintain the empathy and that connectedness between our staff and the patients. I mean, your point is exactly that. It's what was lacking in my experience in 2001 where hospitals treated people as patients and we were treating patients as customers. So it's really a simple nuance, a simple transition, but just if you want  this thing into an absolute beast. It's what, like the second largest, I think, retail chain of urgent care facilities. And then Abbry comes along, maybe talk a little bit about who Abbry is and kind of how that happened. Yeah, so Abbry's a Boston based private equity firm. We ran a process just like we did in 2010 and 2012. They gave me an opportunity to have a complete exit, which was interesting and scary. This was my whole life's work as an adult.  and I had been doing some angel investing before my exit and thinking about things I wanted to do next. Really interested in biochemistry, physics, I've written some patents in robotics, like jumping robots. I was inspired watching a guy on the side of the road work with a reciprocating tamper. Do you know what that is? That's the actual, it looks almost like a jackhammer. Yeah, that you hold and it smashes the ground, right?  you sell the business and you sign the papers, kind of money all gets wired, everything, the next day, what are you thinking? You've gone to work every day for 15 years and worked your ass off. Did you just say, this is cool? Or are you sad? What's the feeling? Well, it actually happened on a Thursday. So I was negotiating what I may do going forward with the acquirer, Abbry and with FastMed, and we couldn't really come to terms  a number of early stage venture businesses that I had been investing in starting in 2014, let's call it, writing checks like 100,000, $250,000 checks and trying to help from the periphery. One of those investments I made in 2014 was PRTI. It's a really interesting company. It was founded by this Italian inventor named Franco Feeney. And Franco Feeney had exposure to the  that I invested in's attention and they wanted to domesticate it, move it to the United States and potentially roll it out across the country. The group were real estate developers and a guy who had renovated Bennegans. I don't even know if Bennegans still exists. It's around. It's like Applebee's. Okay, so this group wanted to build an international waste management business that used a proprietary piece of technology to process synthetic polymers.  scientific backgrounds, the technology backgrounds, et cetera, to accomplish it. Yeah, and especially a business, we talked about asset light businesses. This is a super asset heavy business. Jason's two for two on the asset heavy businesses. Yeah, I mean, it was something else. So I made an investment, I joined their board, and then I told them, look, I'm gonna leave FASMET June of 2015. I'll come on as the CEO, run the business, raise the capital, and we'll go. And they're like, what do you wanna do? I said, I'm gonna package the plant  Scientific process and then there's the outputs walk us through kind of those three Different sections of the business or kind of bodies of work. Yeah, so here in North America there are 300 million Used car tires a year that need to be disposed of and traditionally you either Shred bury or burn those tires because tires are built to last they're built to not fall apart So there's no real smart way to dispose of them. You've even heard people  oil. You'll be surprised at the amount of oil that's in a tire. But he developed a way to thoughtfully break that apart and capture those constituent parts that the tire was made of. So you have a huge total available market of 300 million tires a year that need to be disposed of. A legacy business that is bullshit. Like the total dinosaur. Shredding, burying, burning. You have a technology solution.  is  So there's a third party that's coming to transport, pick up, and dispose of those tires. So that's typically a landfill, a monofil, or a shredding company that's making pelletized rubber or shredding and burying. Does that make sense? And that's really it. It's nothing more than that. Got it. So they will actually pay you to take the tires, bring them to the plant. And for those that are listening, the plant is  software. But as you figure out, okay, we can get paid to take these tires. What happens to the tire once you bring it on site? Well, one of the things that we found as we started to scale was that there was a number of tires that were coming out of the manufacturing site that were blemished, that weren't road worthy and needed to be thoughtfully disposed of. And actually, you know, you had to provide a certificate of destruction to make absolutely sure they didn't get back on the road. And you  to the tire manufacturer and contracted with them. So I don't even at this point deal with the municipal waste, the 300 million tires, all I'm disposing of are brand new tires that are coming out of the tire manufacturers. So these blemish tires have been going on for a while, right? There's been this kind of lost yield. That business is very sketchy in the disposal of these tires, right? So the tires come off the main  and resell those tires. It's a huge business. So part of that waste disposal in the tire business is a reselling business where they find, identify pearls. Like if you were a golfer, you're playing golf, but you're always kind of looking around for lost balls. That's what these guys are doing. They're finding pearls and reselling these tires. And we know that it could be a pretty big component of these tire disposal companies' revenue.  and paid to do that. And then the guys who are unloading the tires are looking for the pearls, right? They're saying sidewall slash sidewall slash sidewall slash good tire. They put it to the side. Put it to the side. That tire ends up at the used tire dealership down the corner. To the side, to the side, to the side, right? Because think about how many, when I say 300 million tires a year, you have to put things in perspective. I can only process, and my plant runs 25 days a month, you know, all year, 24 hours a day.