 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  and I hope you enjoy the 150th episode of Off The Chain.  your mining Bitcoin. All you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide and then you receive over the air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over the air updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine. Consumer mining made easy. That's right. Go to coin mine.com. Tell them Pomp set you and thank me later.  and I've brought one of my partners Mark Usko in for this episode. The other episode is with Jason Williams, our third partner, and Mark and I are gonna sit here and pretty much talk about everything that we talk about every day, and you guys will all see the intellectual horsepower that he brings, and hopefully by the end of this, this becomes one of the most popular episodes that we've ever recorded. So thank you so much for coming and doing this. Oh, thanks for having me. I am beyond excited.  Left there a long time ago, but that's where I grew up Moved around a lot in high school went to three high schools hated my parents. I have those in everybody Yeah, exactly. But think about it I went from Seattle, Washington hair down to my shoulders and bell bottoms to Western Connecticut I had to cut my hair and wear corduroys to Houston, Texas had to get a cowboy hat go the rodeo So yeah, it was tough difference Yeah, so but I learned how to be resilient and how to fit in and all that good stuff Went to Notre Dame for college  I want you to do what you like to do." Well, that's a novel concept. So I did that and I did biology and chemistry, thought I wanted to be a doctor, graduated pre-med, took the MCATs, bad decision. If you're not going to be a doctor, don't take the MCATs, decide before. But didn't go to med school, went to business school instead, and came out and took the first job offered as an insurance. If I was a resume inflator, I'd say I was an M&A analyst. I'm not a resume inflator, so I was a business analyst.  What was interesting about that is we did a little bit of both. We ran some of the bonds in house, so learned about how to do analysis on fixed income. But also we allocated some out and we went out to search for managers. So I had my first exposure in searching for talent and got lucky, hired Dan Fuss before he was famous, legendary bond manager. I had another guy, Mike Brilly, up in Minneapolis that no one had ever heard of that had this really cool way of buying bonds that were pre-packaged  I went down, I interviewed and came down to me and another guy to work in the investment office at Notre Dame, which was just being started. Turns out the other guy had equity experience. I only had bond experience. Scott Malpass, who was the CIO at the time, said, I'm going to go with the equity guy. I'm disappointed, but I didn't really think too much of it. I had my first experience with everything happens for a reason. There was a reason that happened.  He unfortunately didn't do that. He actually made me interview again. He made me take a test to make sure I could actually do spreadsheets. And I was a little concerned, because we were a year apart at Notre Dame. We lived in the same dorm, same major, pre-med. Two guys end up in investing. We'll come back to that topic, which is a really important topic. Why I think science training is the best training for investing. And I was nervous about working for someone who's only a year ahead of me and he had this great line.  is they were using technology in a way that no one had before in investing in that they were running screens of stocks using the VAX computer, the big giant mainframe computer at Northwestern. So they were professors during the day, they ran these screens at night, and they had this business on the side that made them way more money than what they got from being professors. And they built this great business. And I probably would have stayed there forever  to Notre Dame and the cool thing, again, things happen for a reason, is I thought investing was all about stocks and bonds. It was just about analysis and picking stocks and bonds and when I got to Notre Dame, I realized, geez, that has hardly anything to do with it. Investing is all about the big picture, about asset classes and about getting out in front of big demographic and secular trends and that's what we did and we did a bunch of things at Notre Dame that to this day I tell stories about that,  It's a stupid name. And why do we need Google? There's 20 search engines. We got Alta Vista. We got Webcrawler, my personal favorite. Why do we need Google? Well, they had better technology that nobody knew at the time. Well, the guys at Google knew, but they didn't. And the rest of the story is that 500K turned into 200 million. There should be a quad at Notre Dame called the Google Quad. And so we did a lot of good stuff, and I learned a lot of great things.  Carolina called and I said to my wife there's a job in North Carolina should take it Don't you want to know what it is? She's no I just want to live in North Carolina and she was right and so we moved down their sight unseen and The real thing about North Carolina was it was broken right if I'd gone to University of Chicago I was good school had a good board had a good portfolio good performance The great thing about going to North Carolina. It was totally broken 84th percentile in performance  You know no diversity on the board at all and they would get together three or four times a year for a Football game or basketball game and they would try to time the market Great strategy, right? Yeah, great and the technical term is they stunk. Yeah In fact, they stunk so badly that the guy right across the street behind us Julian Robertson had stepped off The board and said guys you are terrible at this So just give me five percent of the endowment and I'll manage it and do that  things were really broken. Second year layups, third year free throws, fourth year had to take a jump shot, wasn't until the fifth year we had to take a three pointer. So we went from basically me to a team of eight investment professionals over the course of seven years, built out the back office, we actually spun ourselves out of the university into a private management company and did some fun things. For those that don't understand, explain the difference between having the endowment inside of the school versus the management  four years old and I didn't really understand politics. And so the first thing I did is I did my first hundred days report, you know, like the president does. And I said, here are 40, you know, recommendations. Now, what I should have said was 40 observations because recommendation implies that they were doing something wrong. So they took it negatively. So I got a little chastised for that. But second thing I did is I introduced this idea of an investment policy, you know, again, not a novel concept and everyone had  Everybody was afraid that literally the world was going to shut down on December 31st 1999 And so we did really really well and we got really overweight domestic equity international equity small caps and so I go into the board in February of 2000 and We had this board meeting and a lot of things were happening one stocks were super Overvalued and the forward projected returns looked really  we need to trim back to the policy guidelines. Basically what you're talking about is there's an investment policy that had certain targets of asset allocation and you had made investments, they'd grown so large that they had gone outside of those boundaries. If you follow the policy, you rebalance. But if you are going to meet up with your buddies and make stock picks, then keep doing what you're working. And the thing is, no one likes to rebalance. Everybody likes to rebalance.  and change it to investment guidelines. So another meeting in May, and now I said, you can't do anything. So in May, the market started to roll over in March, starting to go down a little bit, the tech wreck was just starting. And they're like, all right, fine. You can go to the top end of the new guidelines, but no more. Because these are our best managers, no way we can take any money away from them. And I come back in September, and they're like, get this shit out of here. And oh yeah, change that word back to policy.  We said that it was time for getting hedged. And so I go to the board meeting and I said, all right, we want to add hedge funds. I'm like, well, that's going to be a problem. I said, well, why is that? He said, well, we banned hedge funds. What do you mean you banned hedge funds? Well, back in 1996, Julian Robertson had taken the assets from the portfolio and he had grown them to a really big weighting, but he had a bad year in 1996. He was down 9%. The market was up a few percent.  as we're clear. And so we did go to 60, 6-0 percent in those four strategies over the next 12 months. And from 2000 to 2002, markets fell almost 60 percent. Average endowment lost 25 percent of their money and we were flat. Now I say I'm never going to break my arm pat myself on the back for not making money, but flat was good when the rest of the world was down a lot. And it taught me the value of discipline following your policy, the value of hedging,  I said, well, that's interesting, but I'm not sure I want to work for just one family, but hey, I could create a business that could manage money for lots of families. And so we set out to do that. And we had this idea to create this company. Came up with lots of names and all the good names were taken. All the birds of prey, all the big cats, everything was taken. So a lawyer finally said, hey, if you name it after a physical place, then you can use it.  And the idea was to bring the endowment model of investing to families, high net worth individuals, smaller institutions that didn't have staff and resources. Explain what the endowment model is for those that don't know. So the endowment model of investing is really pretty simple. It's a model that says if you think about investing, there's only four ways you can make money, right? They all require you to take risk. So you can take credit risk, you can buy a bond, and a bond, you know, if they don't pay,  leverage or derivative structure. And what the endowments figured out was bonds really aren't going to work for me because I need to make 5% real, meaning 5% above inflation to pay my spending. So I need to take more risk to achieve that. If I'm only going to make 2% real in bonds, that's not going to work. So I'm going to have less allocation of bonds. I'm going to have more allocation to equities, long-term equities. But then within equities, there's all kinds of equity, right? There's private equity, there's real estate equity, there's commodity  And it was really from the simple having a policy, having discipline, focusing on talent, focusing on illiquidity premium. And then the last thing, and we'll probably talk about this more later, is this idea that innovation as an asset class is really important. And that always backing innovation back, like when we backed Google at Notre Dame or other companies that did interesting things. One of my favorite stories about that is there's this great story about a company called Sienna.  be able to transmit the same amount of data as white light. So fiber optic cable could be expanded without having to add more cables. And no one believed him except this retired school teacher who gave him $300,000, which was probably her life savings. Now the cool thing is it turned into $300 million for her. So that's cool. But he created this company which went on to change the way information flowed around the world because you could now increase the capacity of fiber optics. But that was innovation, right? That was thinking  We picked a good business, but a bad business model. All right, so first let's talk about what the business itself, so the OCIO model, explain the difference between when you're an endowment CIO, you basically manage the capital that the endowment has itself, when you got approached by these families, the initial pitch is, basically come work for us, right? Come run our investment arm. So you are working for a single pool of capital. The OCIO model is doing variation of that, but now you're doing it for  and I got there, it was literally a priest who once a year he would go to New York and whoever bought him the nicest dinner, he would allocate them some money and that's how he did it. And he was a nice guy, but he wasn't an investment professional. And the problem is- He's a steak expert. Yeah, exactly. He's a steak expert. And he was good at Broadway. And I said, really nice guy. The funny thing is he actually got the job, this greatest title ever as pro creator general at the Vatican, which is like the top finance guy at the Vatican.  But then you can consult the wealthy families and I did that and it supplemented my income which was nice But the second thing is I I when I went to hire my first guy. It's amazing So I found this this guy and he was a Moorhead scholar, which is the top scholarship at? UNC I talked more about that kind of stuff later, but He was amazing right? He was being recruited by Goldman Sachs. You know, he had been voted Greek man of the year I mean really impressive guy top of his class and  The state has an investment management firm and they've got that position and I could just borrow their position description from the state files because you had to do everything through the state because we're state university. They said, well, they manage money. What the heck is our billion dollars? Like, well, but you don't physically manage. I'm like, oh, we allocate to other people and they manage, but we're still managing money. A long story short, they wouldn't have said they said you could pay them twenty two thousand dollars. I said, but I won't get them for twenty two thousand dollars.  and Harvard and Harvard's the epitome of it, is they spun the whole organization into a management company and it allowed them to attract the best talent. So we followed suit and Duke had done it and if Duke does then Carolina's gotta do it. And so we spun into a management company and it allowed us to hire better talent. So the same thing in terms of forming Morgan Creek is we knew that we wanted to have this investment company structure that would be then a real  Unfortunately, he passed away two years after I got there unexpectedly from cancer and the board never really bought into his vision. They're like, well, we don't want to share. Like it's not sharing. If we manage other people's money, we charge a fee, then we have more resources that we can hire better talent and you get better performance. It's a self-fulfilling prophecy, but they didn't see it that way. So I moved into this model where I could say, all right, we're going to build a resource, a management company. And I brought most of my team from Carolina, hired a couple of other guys.  outsource CIO doesn't scale. It's a great business, bad business model because if you say I'm an outsource investment office and you're gonna have account reps like I have 10 people I serve and you have 10 people you serve, the problem was every time I'd say okay Mike's gonna be your person they say no it says OCIO you're the CIO I need to see you. Well I can only see like 15 people so we capped our growth whereas other firms like Cambridge Associates  It was a great run and we really enjoyed it. We still have some of that business today, 15 years later. Hardly believe it's been 15 years. More could just turn 15. Just turn 15. We just celebrated our 15th anniversary, which was pretty cool. Absolutely. All right, so you do the OCIO stuff. Obviously, you start to realize, hey, this is great, but I want you to tell a story about how you get from the OCIO model to more of a dedicated fund model and some of the challenges of tracking down wealthy people.  Mediterranean, trying to use faxes and ship to shore radio and realize this is stupid. So we need to have a vehicle where we have discretion. Because one of the challenges of investing with talent, the best hedge fund managers, the best venture capital managers, when they give you access, you have to take it. You don't have time to go touch everybody and ask, do you want this or not want this? Because you have to then educate. This is really the best person. When Blue Ridge opens up, they got a small window.  We set up the opportunity fund to do hedge funds. We set an absolute return fund. And we did these commingled vehicles or fund of funds. I like to call a manager of managers because we were actually managing the portfolios. And we had a unique model in that 75% of the money was with external managers. 25% was with co-investments. And we would co-invest in deals or in individual ideas side by side with the managers. And that turned out to work really really well.  of whether you're in manager A, B, or C, it was are you moving into energy at the right time? Are you moving out of stocks at the right time? Are you moving into venture capital at the right time? Are you going into tech or healthcare? And so once they got comfortable with that, and once they had a relationship that they felt comfortable with, we moved them towards that business. But it was really this idea of accessing talent. And I say all the time that literally for most of my career, 30 plus years, I had the best job in the world.  and he'd give me instruction, he'd tell me when I was wrong. But you learn so much by going out and interacting with really talented people. And it's also pattern recognition. Because if you don't see everybody in the business, then you don't know what's good and what's bad. In fact, a good story about that, one you might not have even heard, I don't know, you've heard most of my stories. This one might be unique. So the first family that hired us, one of the challenges they had  in the market that year, but they met the 34 that Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch brought to them, because those are their marketing people, or was the worst sin that they had hired more than 50% where you should really only hire kind of one, two, 3% of the people you see, or was the fact that the 34 they saw were all tech, because tech had done great, 96, 97, 98, 99. So I'm gonna go with option three as the big mistake.  And, uh, well, what you're talking about, there's two pieces here. So one is, uh, if you were to ask many great venture capitalists, et cetera, you know, would you rather bet on the team on a specific company product or the market? Don't like, look, a great team is actually really advantageous. Uh, and then kind of that talent you're talking about. But if you invest in the right market, you can actually invest with a bad team and the tailwinds will take care of a lot of the faults, right? We'll kind of cover that up. If you invest with a great team in a horrible market, good luck, right? Even the best teams.  When I first got to UNC in 98, literally my first board meeting, I'd been there seven days. I'd go to a board meeting and at the time there was this famous cover of The Economist magazine and it basically said, the world of washing oil. And it was a picture of these oil guys on the front trying to stop a geyser, a gusher from flowing. They were covered in oil and in the article it said that oil, oil was about 11 bucks at the time, it said oil was going to $5.  I make the pitch and the board chair says, Mark, that's the dumbest idea I've ever heard. But if you really want to do it, okay. And I'm like, great, awesome, okay. And the rest of the meeting goes on, calls me in the chancellor's office after the meeting and he says, Mark, when I say that's the dumbest idea I've ever heard, that's what I meant. The rest of the stuff was just to be nice in front of all the people.  25% of UNC returns the next decade. Again, not because I'm a genius, but because we're in the right place, right time. We partnered with great people, merit energy partners and natural gas partners and a few others, but to your point, it was really about being in the right asset. And I also think, not only is it the right asset class, right market type stuff, but one of my favorite sayings that you have is about timing, right? And this idea of people buying and selling things maybe when they shouldn't.  be made up of an odd number of members and three is too many. So groups don't make good decisions. Groups, particularly boards, make really bad decisions. And why is that? It's not because they're not smart people. They're incredibly smart people. That's why they get it to be on the board. But once you get on the board, what's the most important thing to stay on the board? And so what you do is you you make decisions that are are homogeneous and that aren't controversial.