 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcast in crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash POMP. Again, that's blockfi.com slash POMP to sign up and start earning crypto today.  Anthony Pompliano is a partner at Morgan Creek Digital.  unlikely escape from corporate America. I'm super excited to have this conversation. He's got a wild fucking story. I'll just give you a little teaser from the back page of the book. It says when the Financial Times interviewed Dan Conway for a story about cryptocurrency millionaires, he told them the unvarnished truth. Quote, I invested because I wanted the underdogs to win for once. Losers like me who didn't make the rules and didn't have the money. We'd been forced to tweet corporate philanthropy hashtags and we weren't going to take it anymore.  that's good. You don't want to write a book for two years and everyone says it sucks. So hopefully knock on wood that's not the case yet or hopefully ever. For sure. So let's start with your story, right? Kind of let's go before crypto. What was going on and kind of what were you doing and then we can get into some of the corporate America issues. Sure. So I was working at a big company which for legal reasons I call ACME in the book and basically is one of the largest corporations in the world. And I had worked my way up. This was like my big break.  After the 2008 Great Recession, we lost our equity line on our home. We were kind of like using credit cards some months to get by. So again, most people on the planet would want to be in my position, but the strains of working in a corporate job that I soon found I was sort of ill-suited for were really growing on me. For sure. And so we were talking beforehand about this idea of, you know, some people just aren't cut out for the corporate executive world. Maybe talk a little bit about  you know, ACME, like many companies, they believe in kind of what I've called like the cult of the leader that you know, this these people with these great leadership qualities that will drive organizations and lead us all to greater wealth and happiness. And I just could not do it, man. I could fake it well. But when you get to that, that position that I was at, I needed to, I didn't have the skills to maintain it. So I would, you know, I would crack a bad joke, I'd get insecure, get quiet in a meeting, or else I'd get a little bit of a joke.  I talk to people on an almost daily basis who work a corporate job. There's people who are listening to this right now who are in this situation and they are late 30s into their mid 40s and sometimes even into their 50s and they're sitting there saying, you know, how the hell did I get here? Right? I'm married. I got kids. I work in corporate America and this is not the life that I had dreamed of or envisioned and they feel trapped. And the, the risk is if they make some big move or some big decision, it could not only disrupt  All the studies show that you know I think it's like 75% of people are unhappy with the teamwork and the experience at their job and I have these stats in the book and And we've kind of accepted that as like a sort of a deep sliver in our heel and you know I'm at the age now where you know like late 40s Sadly like people are like a very few people outliers are starting to drop off from cancer and brain tumors and stuff You know that's one of the blessings curses of Facebook is you know like people in your outer circle suddenly and you just realize like  And like many others, I thought it sounded like total bullshit. And of course, I was just like working my, trying to make it still at this company and the handwriting was on the wall and I didn't see it. But it was, when I was really having problems at my job, it was a period in 2015 that I came across an article on Bitcoin and Bitcoin was about 300 then. And it was just simply the thought, what if it goes up again?  but I quickly learned of Ethereum and the thing that became really interesting once I learned about Ethereum was two things. One is Ethereum hadn't popped yet. I think when I first learned about Ether, it was at about $3 or $4. So it was like this new emerging coin. And you know, back then, of course, everyone thought, well, we all missed Bitcoin. So, you know, at 300, 400 bucks, like too late for that one. So it drew me in my speculative side to Ether because it hadn't popped yet. But then and then this was like what made things  the  So the book, the book's title Confessions of a Crypto Millionaire, as you know, and it's got a kind of a clickbaity title, but that tested better than anything else. And it's the thing that I'm hoping brings mainstream people in to learn about, you know, the deeper, the deeper goals and of blockchain and where the movement and what's happening with all of it. But the so where I was at, where I was at basically at the time that this all happened was, was I was, we were  interesting, like how do normal people, quote unquote normal people like go so deep in this stuff. And at the time though when I got in, one of the big blessings was we had a windfall. You know, we were basically, my mother sold her house and gave us 50 grand. My wife's startup got bought by Microsoft and she lost her job but she got like 25 grand. And then at my company I had some options that finally invest and I had like another 20 or 25 grand. So we had like a 100 grand total and it was like right  had  with. None of this is investment advice. None of this is a suggestion for anyone else to go do something. I think this is just your story, right? You literally wrote a book on it and kind of as to what your decision making was, but describe kind of what happened, when exactly you invested, and then what transpired in the months afterwards. So I don't know the exact moment, but there were a flip switched in my head. I had a tipping point and it was like, you know, during some crappy meeting on a Tuesday morning and I just  scared but excited and I looked down at my phone and there's a text from my wife and it said, what the fuck is this? And it was an alert, obviously from Wells Fargo letting her know that all hundred thousand dollars was being sent to something called Gemini, which she had never heard of, of course. So the rest of that day sucked and we went home and we talked about it. And then I, you know, she was mad, obviously. We spent a lot of time on it. She was not at all interested in it.  and I bought $100,000 worth of ether. And then on my birthday, about two weeks later on June 18th, that's when the Dow hack happened. And we were walking to the breakfast spot and my phone started blowing up because I had all these alerts for people I followed on Twitter and Reddit and all this kind of stuff. And we eventually lost a large part of our stack. I tried to make a disastrous trade. I thought, okay, this is clearly gonna go  It's in the book like 35% of my stack, something like that, right off the bat. I mean, it's classic, right? It's the whole, you know, people buy high and sell low when they should be doing the opposite. But it's also, I don't know a person who came into the cryptocurrency markets and doesn't go through some degree of what you're describing, right? It's a highly volatile asset. It is very news driven at times. And there's very easy access to buying and selling.  I mean, I never, I figured in a few years, once there's mainstream use for Bitcoin and Ether, that at the time was my calculus, like this stuff can't be uninvented. I mean, just like it is today, you see how much development's happening. And I figured that it would be a play for two or three years. So I ended up getting fired for my job and then, and I document that all in the book. And then I started a PR practice in crypto and I worked with companies like BitGo,  to  team was down about 65, 70% I think. Again, I have all the exact numbers in the book. But I became convinced. I document how this happened, but I really kind of went off the deep end. And like you said, dude, don't do what I did. My story is meant to give people an idea about how they handle risk. It's a fun read, I think. And it also is a way to learn about the industry.  at the end of 2016.  went  how quickly that it went up. I mean, you know, this is a crypto listenership. People know they live through it and I believe it's gonna happen again for sure, by the way. But it was crazy and I remember that time being like I was in a cab like wanting to puke and I was gonna like puke all over this guy's cab and I didn't know like what the situation was. He was like gonna kick my ass or something. I can't even know where I was. I was like in some back alley of Puerto Vallarta, but I didn't care because I had made like by the time I got in that cab, I'd make like $70,000 or something insane like that.  you actually failed to some degree, right? You lost some of the investment. You doubled down. The Ether price starts to explode. News flash, it went all the way to $1,400 at one point. So from 10 to 1,400 is a pretty big increase there. What was kind of the journey from pre-February, March, 2017, all the way to the top of that price point of $1,400? And what did you do along the way?  Everyone to get into mining and didn't know how don't worry your boy pomps gotcha Everybody got some electricity and Wi-Fi all you got to do is go to coin mine calm you buy a coin mine It's like an Xbox or a PlayStation that helps you turn your electricity into Bitcoin. That's right You purchase it it shows up at your doorstep You pull it out of the box you plug it in connect to your Wi-Fi five minutes or less You're mining Bitcoin all you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide and then you receive all  So you receive a six point two percent APY, which is very attractive given the alternatives So you can actually take your Bitcoin you can deposit it with block fight and get paid an interest rate of six percent in return Go check out block fight comm slash pump again block fight comm slash pump to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today What what was kind of the journey from you know pre February March 2017 all the way to the  I became like this profit in the community for crypto and you know I talked about my flip side in the book and that's what didn't let me succeed in corporate America. It's part of me and it's insecure and it's also has illusions of grandeur and you know say this stupid stuff and and you know, it's just like the reason why I never had executive presence but It was a part of that that part of my personality that addictive greedy kind of like chip on your shoulder guy was a part of was right there with me it right along with the like the smart like inspired side  But at the time I mean it was all anyone could talk about was crypto I mean people were making millions millions millions with the news cycles now We forget so soon like not we the crypto folks that are on this podcast But but people like in the general population, but like I met with my tax guys like 71 years old, you know I had this guy He was great guy like family friend And he started off the meeting he had heard from my brother. I'd made a bunch of money I think I was up like $900,000 or something at that point and and and he had started off the meeting like time I lived  a lot of ups and downs during that year. And I thought I got hacked twice. We didn't get out. There's just ups and downs. I mean, during that period, people forget during 17, it crashed down like 60%. And I hadn't taken out much of my investment. And so it was like, I was on this drug. I mean, it was the most powerful drug I had ever been on. And I'd been on oxies and booze. And when the price dropped, even if I was up on paper, it was like this sudden, brutal withdrawal.  X and Y or Z and kind of what's your advice to people today as they look at this and and Realizing it's a highly volatile asset and some of the challenges that come with the market Yeah, that's that's that's a really good point again I'm not a financial advisor and all that but but basically what I tell people today is First of all, I told him like I'm kind of like Rip Van Winkle as I mentioned you pump earlier You know, I like I got out and I got out 70% of my stack at in early January 2018  you need to be comfortable with risk. Those people that don't do like a nine, an eight or a nine on the risk factor, the Charles Schwab or whatever, be very careful about investing in crypto or only invest a very small amount. But if you're someone who likes risk, who's heavily into stocks, who might even have thought about like, oh, hey, let me put like 5% or 10% in something speculative like currencies or derivatives or stuff that you know more about than I do, Pomp. It's hard for me to see how you wouldn't put 5% or 10% of your  to pull it off and the UI folks are going to be able to pull it off where crypto, Bitcoin, Ether, some others becomes more mainstream. It's just hard for me to see how it doesn't pop. So if you have a high risk mentality, I think it's a great asset to buy. And I have zero concerns about crypto long term. So if you're thinking five or ten years, it's especially in my mind something you need to seriously consider. All right. So you hinted a little bit towards what ends up happening in the end.  big round who knows when that'll be maybe five years maybe 20 years and and then and then it just like it was it turned out that was the eye of the storm and It just picked up it was like as I say in the book It was like it was like a 9.0 earthquake with like an infinite number of 9.0 aftershocks like I had already documented I was up like I don't know five or six million again numbers in the book and and then it like doubled in 30 days and then and then it kept going up and I was up  And it said you know he listened he goes something has changed in crypto and And and in all my years of experience this change cannot be good. He said today I yesterday I received two calls from 80 year old investors. They both asked me What I thought of Bitcoin yesterday We also were gonna get our photos done by a photographer for our new analyst But he didn't show up he got an I got an apology email later saying that he had quit his job because he had made two million dollars trading crypto  Because, I mean, at the time, here's the deal. We look back, oh God, yeah, January 2018, of course you gotta sell, that's at the top. No, no, no, no, no, no, I was, my subreddit at the time, ethtrader subreddit, I mean, talk was $5,000 ether. I mean, you know, even at that price, it wouldn't be as worth as much as Facebook. So it was not an easy decision. If I sold then, I'd be up $10 million, but, I mean, the addict in my mind said, how fucking good would 30 million be?  It was about me. I wanted to win. I was like Walter White and that famous scene from Breaking Bad, man. He wanted to win and that was me. But I did sell and I sold 70% of my stack and I was sitting on the couch. I did it over the course of two or three hours. Now, at that time, the Gemini ordered books. I mean, this was like full on mania. I mean, there was the green dot, it was full on mania, okay? I sold $10 million.  that  investing, et cetera. And so it's funny to kind of talk about it now, right? Because you did win in that sense. But I do think that there's a lot of people who will listen to this and say, you know, that's the one in the million story. And for sure, I think, you know, you and I would both agree that that's probably true. As you look at it today, kind of how do you think about investing in general, right? Do you still look just solely at crypto markets? Do you look at other asset classes or kind of that experience?  that  before.