 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off. Charles Hoskinson is a Colorado based technology entrepreneur and mathematician and the current CEO of Input Output Hong Kong. In this conversation, we discuss why he didn't want to do an ICO, what Ethereum would have become had it gone with a corporate structure,  crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending and card payment. Everything you could want at crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  sent you and thank me later.  to build your perfect portfolio. If you're new to Bitcoin and crypto, you can test the waters with their hundred thousand dollar virtual trading feature. But if you're more experienced, you can create custom technical charts and use the social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees and so you never miss out. They also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to Bitcoin and crypto markets.  himself.  little amounts of money, but I'll be a big fish in a small tank. So that wasn't particularly appealing, but then I was trying to figure out, well, what do I do as a mathematician? Maybe I go into finance, maybe I'd be a developer, whatever have you. And I really, really liked things like Austrian economics and so forth. I'd worked on the Ron Paul campaign back in 2007. And so suddenly when Bitcoin came by, I said, wow, this thing's really cool and this might be interesting. But I didn't think it was going to work. Anybody would adopt it because I was in very early in like 2011. People are still trading on spreadsheets.  and  I'll give you half million dollars to start something. I said, well, that's a terrible idea. I don't have a business plan. I'm not an entrepreneur. I don't know how to do any of this. Oh, I like the cut of your chip. You'll figure it out. So I said, all right, well, let me pull my students. And so I asked my students, if you had a half million dollars, what would you do? And I got a bimodal distribution between two answers. Some group of people said stablecoin. Some group of people said decentralized exchange. So I said, shit, let's put them both together and I'll create a forum post.  Victus Innovations. Okay. As I3, Victus Innovations Incorporated was a Virginia company and I flew out and lived with Dan's father, Stan and his mom Pam, and they had this lovely little farm out in Floyd, Virginia, was right next to Blacksburg. And for a few months I was working on bit shares with Dan, but boy, we just started fighting every day. Really? Yeah, oh God, it was miserable working with Dan. And he probably found it miserable working with me. See, the Chinese investor we had said, hey, there's this thing called an ICO, we should do that.  I didn't want to do an ICO. That was one of the things. The other thing was the lack of rigor in the project. Because Dan has this habit of going from A to D. And you say, what about B and C? He says, oh, don't worry about it. That's already, that's a done deal. And you're like, well, no, that's not how you design protocols. I've always been a guy who like, we need to do things in a peer reviewed way, in a structured way. We need to get third party validation. These types of, he said, no, that's not how this works. We need to be first to market. We need a momentum. We need to just release. And if we screw something up, we can fix it.  listening. We are at the conference and we are in the room right now and there's a baby and the baby is very enthralled with the conversation. So it's letting you know that it's here. Yeah. So anyway, Anthony reached out to me and at the time he was running the Bitcoin Alliance of Canada and he knew me from my education work that I had done. And he said, hey, can you create some educational content for BAC? And I said, sure. So I started doing that in about a month into it. He said, by the way, there's this really brilliant kid and he gave  if you want to join it, you're well-mourned welcome." And I said, sure. So I was the fifth person to join that meeting. The other four were Anthony Mihalycia, Amir Shetrit, and Vitalik himself. So Vitalik knew Amir through color coins. He knew Mihaly because they started Bitcoin Magazine together, and then he met Anthony from Decentral. And so basically I came in November, December of 2013 and started having conversations about how we should structure it, what we should do. Eventually we just came to the conclusion that the only way  the business arm. So in the business arm there was Amir and Mihai and Anthony and Joe Lubin and on the developer side it was Jeff Wilche and Gavin and Vitalik and I was kind of in the middle where I was sufficiently technical I could talk to them and I had kind of enough business sense where I could talk to the business arm. So I tried to keep everything together and we had to make kind of a philosophical decision about what to do with the project and we called it the crypto Google or the crypto Mozilla question. So basically do we create a for-profit, take  was Vitalik and little by little he started thinking about it and the project kept getting bigger and by June of 2014 there were like a hundred people that were doing various things. There was like a thousand people in the Skype group so it was just too big. So we revisited that decision and Vitalik decided unilaterally to go to Crypto Mozilla and shortly thereafter like the whole business arm got devastated. So Amir and I left that day, we got pushed out and then shortly after Joe started Consensus and did his thing Anthony left and started Decentral and then the developers started getting gutted.  Centralize the project there build the protocol and then release the protocol under a foundation and do the ICO with a finished product I felt the risk to investors was significantly lower and second if we were going to have existential problems They would be occur under the for-profit structure under smart money So we would have less risk of lawsuits and these types of things so had we launched it We probably would have looked a lot like ripple in that respect The only difference being that there would have been an ICO still and it would have been done from a foundation  maybe this crypto thing isn't for you, Charles. And I said, ah, okay, maybe. But I got invited to do a TED Talk in Bermuda. And I said, okay, that'll be my capstone. I'll do my TED Talk, I'll leave the space and then I'll go back into mathematics or something. Who knows, maybe I'll sell cars. I don't know. So I went and did the TED Talk and people liked it so much that I started getting invitations to speak at other locations. And then somebody worked on me on the Ethereum project, Jeremy Woods said, hey, there's these guys in Japan.  to service that money. So if we built a specialized firm that's kind of like a factory for cryptocurrencies, we'd probably do pretty well. And we basically went and did that. We got a contract and started getting paid. And then we started hiring lots of scientists and lots of engineers, and we started working on Cardano. And it was really what got us started. I-O-H-K? Yes. Input Output Hong Kong. Where did that name come from? Well, Input Output was mostly just, we looked at cryptocurrencies as like regulating  left Hong Kong, we're pulling assets out because of geopolitics and also because the Chinese government's really swallowing that country. But it was good for the time. And it was also a crypto haven back in 2015. There were a lot of crypto businesses there. Got it. And so you start and you the first thing you build is Cardano. Yeah. And it was a high risk high return project. So basically we structured it like a DARPA project. We said, look, if we're going to build a cryptocurrency, then it's got to be worth our time. It's got to be worth the industry's time. It's very easy to fork Bitcoin or just take what Ethereum had  then what would it have to have? And we identified three areas to go do some research in. So the first was scalability and we said the system has to get faster or stay at the same performance regardless of how many users it has. So as you gain users you get faster. Kind of like BitTorrent. You know, when you download Game of Thrones you get it really quickly because a lot of people are doing it. But if you download PB's Playhouse you get it really slowly because very few people download that. Okay, then second interoperability is a big deal because at the end of the day there's going to be tons of these systems and if they can't talk to each other it would almost  the iPhone to Apple or Windows to Microsoft. And so then there's that who pays and who decides thing. It's obvious. You say, oh, Microsoft is going to pay and they're going to decide the future of Windows. Great. And if I have faith in them, I have faith in that product. But we're trying to make the argument that these protocols are headless. Bitcoin has no leader, no controller. But at the same time, we're trying to say that this is a stable, great platform to build your business on and stake your country's financial future on. And you say, well, if I don't really have an explicit way of understanding how will this protocol evolve or change and who  really not a good thing for the ecosystem. So we said if these are to be real and scale to this many users, we need to have protocols that allow us to govern them, to pay for things, to print money, to pay for things, and to vote on improvement proposals in a way that people are okay with that reduce forks. So these were the kind of three base philosophical research goals and we started from first principles. So we said we're not going to assume anything, proof of work, proof of stake, blockchain, not a blockchain, whatever. We're just going to do a bunch of research. So for the first two years of the project 2015-2016,  the UTXO system's equivalent to Ethereum style accounts. We did all this broken window fixing along the way. Then at the end of that we said, okay, we have enough now to actually pivot and go from a research project to try to commercialize the technology. So then what we did is we started gradually building up a protocol and the first milestone was just releasing it in kind of a federated mode, similar to how Ripple runs, and just use it to get exchange listings, get the philosophy out there and tell people what we're trying to do. Because no one had heard of Cardano. It was like, didn't know marketing at all. So for two years we were just  of people into the ecosystem and we were able to leverage that to learn a lot. And then all throughout 2018 we started actually building the foundations of getting this into market as a fully decentralized product. So now we're in a position where we're just about to release the Shelley release which is turning over the system from a federated state to a fully decentralized state. And there's just a ton of innovations we made. The proof of stake protocol we have, or it does everything proof of work does. You have a bootstrap from Genesis property which that basically means if you have multiple chains you can pick  like independent third party validation that we're not saying crazy things. There's some reasonable merit behind the things we're doing. And what was really nice about what we've designed is the system is really decentralized. In fact, at launch, we can have a thousand stake pools. You know, says 21 Bitcoin has four major mining operations. So you're looking at 50 to 250 times more decentralized than the incumbents, which is a good point. The other thing is with Orvors Hydra, the protocol we're just about to publish, that's our sharding protocol. When you have a lot of these guys,  and the altcoin space will be dragged into Bitcoin and Bitcoin will be the one chain to rule them all. I'll say, great. And then that never happened. So we had to actually write all the theory out for side chains. We created a paper called Nipah Pao's instance for non-interactive proofs of proof of work. Then we created equivalent for that for proof of stake. And basically we created a system where if I send you a transaction from a foreign system, I send it with a proof and the proof does two things. One, it proves that the coins are real. And two, it proves the coins haven't been double spent, which is basically what you need to do.  your application that causes your app to be trusted, pull that out and put it into a blockchain. Run that as a smart contract. That's the on-chain code and the rest of the stuff will run off-chain on Amazon or Azure or something like that. So we designed a programming model that is very graceful in that respect. You write your off-chain and on-chain code in the same source file. Off-chain is Haskell or whatever language you want eventually and then on-chain is Plutus and Marlowe or DSL that's for that particular application, whether it be a financial contract or a supply chain contract or something.  it. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending, and card payment. Everything you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  Tell them POM said yeah and thank me later one more word from our sponsor block 5 Their new interest account allows you to securely deposit your Bitcoin or ether at block 5 and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency This rate actually compounds so you receive a 6.2% APY, which is very attractive given the alternatives So you can actually take your Bitcoin you can deposit it with block 5 and get paid an interest rate of 6% in return go check out  this month and November we're releasing the incentivized testnet. So people when they stake they actually make real data from that and then we'll get up to a certain critical density of stake pools and then once we're there we can fork the main network and then the whole network is being run by third parties. Once we clear that and that's a huge milestone very shortly thereafter we'll roll smart contracts into the system turn it on and then at that point it's fully decentralized and it has smart contracting capabilities. So it's basically like Ethereum in that respect but just more decentralized and more performant. But then the next step is  wrote a liquid democracy paper out of Lancaster University. Bin Cheng Zhang is the one who did that. And we created kind of a new voting system. So we created a carnal improvement proposal process and a ballot system and roll the voting system in. And hopefully our community is able to use that. It's a big democratic experiment. For sure. One of the things that you've been talking a lot about here at the conference is regulation and the regulatory environment. Maybe talk a little bit about what the issues you see and kind of where we're going. What needs to happen there? Well, one of the biggest problems with Bitcoin is it's blind, deaf and dumb.  achieve value. These were the two core features of the experiment. But it never said, okay, we're also going to build a system that is able to replicate the world financial system and also is fully compliant with that system or capable of being compliant. This was not in scope. So now the FATF and regulators and these other guys are waking up and saying, look, we like what you're doing and there's a lot of merit here, but you got to make provisions for everybody else. Like, for example, contingent settlement. So that's where A sends to B if and only if  unique identifier. Maybe I have to sign a contract and hash that and sign that and embed that into the transaction, seeing I consent to the donation deed, all of these types of things. So that's a bread and butter of all finance. Nobody just sends you money for the sake of sending you money. There's always a commercial story behind that. Then second, we have this situation where the commerce is now divorced from the people behind it. So we don't really have a notion of identity in these systems yet. We're trying to figure out how do we install identity  and those may need to be templatable so that third parties can come in and reverse transactions or things like that. It's a big conversation and regulators are willing to have it with us. An example here in Wyoming, they're actually been very open, but we as an industry have to be willing to have that conversation with them. The problem with maximalism is that it basically says there's one God, one gospel, it is Satoshi. If there's any deviation from that vision, then it's wrong and everybody else is gonna have to change their conversation.  don't solve your decentralized reality and your decentralized dream by centralizing it. I'm sorry, that's just philosophically incompatible. So what we're working on with Cardano is now that we've built all these capabilities and we have more than 40 papers we've written and half of them have been peer reviewed, we know the tech works. It's more of a question of how do we steer this tech in a direction that is actually useful for people? Like if, for example, you're a small Ethiopian business that has great cash flow and you want to go and issue a security token.  collectively goes in history to the government and say, we are willing to implement this into code. You just have to tell us if it's right or wrong or make changes to it. And then we'll haggle for a while, we'll come to a compromise, and then that code right there is signed by the US government. Suddenly, you as an entrepreneur, all you have to do is say, my smart contracts have to inherit this requirement. My address has to have this contingency built into it. And now I'm in compliance. Now, my opinion is compliance. I have basically a no action letter effectively  Oh, that's a high risk customer, high risk jurisdiction. You just say, let me just grab the contract. And if the customer is willing to satisfy those requirements, then now they're in full compliance. And it costs me nothing as a business to do that. Maybe my transaction fee goes up by a penny or something, because there's a little extra computation. But we now have a global system. And if there's a problem with the contract, we just as an industry go and fix it. And we evolve from it, we grow from it, but it's all cumulative. And we start converging to global standards as opposed to this fractured system. Furthermore, you don't get sued by the regulators.  with Chinese law or US law, you're saying you get to decide what the standards are. And then I as an entrepreneur will now know that upfront and know how to comply with that. And then me and my customers, we have to sit down and make a decision. Are we okay with that? For example, if China does this, they're almost certainly going to put backdoors in the system that will de-anonymize everything and potentially even give them custodianship over the assets. So then you will now know upfront, if you do business in China, this is what it's going to be. And then the global marketplace will actually  both systems and those variations, what's your take today in terms of in the steady state 10, 20 years from now, will we have proof of work and proof of stake? Will one be more dominant than the other? And is there any one variation that you're overly bullish on being kind of that dominant one? So with bull protocols, you're trying to do the same thing. So you have three things you're trying to do. First, you're trying to decide who's in charge for that particular period of history. And then that person in charge makes that block or  system if you accept its trade-offs. The question is, given that the first step is super expensive with proof of work and it's free for proof of stake, does that alone cause a tendency to push into the proof of stake space? My argument is no, because it turns out that that really expensive first step could be potentially very useful. Right now we're just using useless algorithms, whether it be Prog Power,  And that's true, really valuable. And right now, if you look at capacity, a lot of businesses exist from excess capacity. You have a car, you only drive it so often. Maybe you drive it a little bit more and drive people around. There's Uber. You have a house and you have a spare bedroom. Maybe you rent it out and you have some friends stay there or somebody stay there. Well, that's Airbnb, right? You have a computer. You're not using that laptop right now. It has excess capacity. So if you have all this computational equipment, 99% of the time you're not using it. Well, maybe you have a computer.  protocols, which are academically verified, peer reviewed, and there's mathematical proofs that they do work. And you say, well, what are you really trading off? Oh, I might have to trust a coalition of people at some point in the future to create a checkpoint or something like that. Okay. Well, yeah, you're trusting there's not a backdoor in your computer chip or your trusting does not a backdoor in your operating system. Are you so pathologically paranoid that you're utterly unwilling to trust anyone or even a group of people at some point to upgrade the system or do  from that perspective. And frankly, he can tune proof of stake to have many different types of trust parameters. The other thing is proof of work in its current instantiation always federates. There are only four mining pools that control more than 51% of the hash power. And you cannot play that game. It's not egalitarian. It's basically saying the people who have subsidized power, people who can afford data centers and the people who could afford specialized ASICs are the ones who win. And 99.99% of the world population is not in that set of people.  Proof of work will be completely replaced with proof of stake style systems in the next five years got it What do you think is the most important company in crypto other than your own? Well, I'd say it depends on your perspective if you're talking about dApps Dows and the a smart contract space the bellwether there the significant company is consensus they They are just a huge company a lot of money a lot of people a lot of stuff going on and they've made massive and meaningful contributions to the space We're a competitor of theirs and there are a lot of people consensus really hate me  of horsepower on the mindshare side into our industry. So they're very important. I think there's a good custodial role from Blockstream's perspective and they have been a very effective vehicle of ensuring people that Bitcoin is going to be around and people are going to sustain and maintain it. So it's very important and Bitcoin frankly is the brand of cryptocurrencies. You know, we can't say, oh, well, I'm going to succeed, but Bitcoin is going to fail. If Bitcoin fails, our whole industry is probably in for a really bad time.  they pushed the envelope a little too much, but at the very least you have to say CZ is a true entrepreneur and he's trying to innovate where and when he can. And you also have to have a lot of respect for Coinbase being the Ned Flanders of our space. They didn't piss anybody off. They never took the easy road out. And what Coinbase was able to do was legitimize Bitcoin in our industry in ways that many companies could not legitimize. So I have tremendous amount of respect for them as well. And I think they're always going to be here until the IPO or get acquired, but they're profitable and they  for their integration with Cardano. I have a lot of respect for that. And I have a lot of respect for any entrepreneur who can do these things. So these are the kinds of companies that I tend to like and it's more meritocratic than whether they are pro-Ethereum or pro-Cardano or pro-Charles or anti-Charles. It's just, have we been able to effectively work with them? Are they making meaningful open source contributions to the space? Are they providing stability and support to our industry as a whole, these types of criteria. And the ones I've mentioned, I know there's Eric Voorhees with ShapeShift.  and then the follow-up book, Homo Dias, because he basically said the whole world works on narratives. And it's one of those things that once you know what you're looking for, you see it, you say, wow, that's absolutely right. I mean, religion, economics, all these things are just social systems that were created to stave off certain things. So the old order was war, famine, and disease. And these were just the banes of human existence. There's a reason why the Four Horsemen represented these things. You know, in the point of governments, religions, and society,  He writes about everybody whether it be George Washington or Rockefeller and he does these enormously in-depth things where like when he wrote about George Washington He literally read every letter this guy wrote he went found them and Washington was meticulous in archiving them There was tens of thousands of them and so the house of Morgan was great because it really gave a window into How the American financial system got to where it's at because there was just seriously no entity no person no family that had more influence on us finance than JP Morgan's family