 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  bit of time preparing for this interview, including talking to people from both sides, along with crowdsourcing a lot of questions that people wanted answered. I hope you listened to this episode with an open mind and walk away thinking the conversation was fair and balanced. Either way, I hope you enjoy it.  your  go check out blockfi.com slash pomp. Again, that's blockfi.com slash pomp to sign up and start earning crypto today.  access to Bitcoin and crypto markets today.  And the levers, we'll get to the XRP army, who in preparation was thinking you must be the commander of the XRP army. I'm not sure, well I definitely don't consider myself the commander of the XRP army, but I'm not sure, there's a few people who may be probably content for that position, I'm not one of them. All right, so let's start from the beginning. You actually have a life before Ripple, which some people may not realize. You've been in the technology sector for a really long time, Yahoo, AOL, et cetera.  and eight or nine, I can't remember which anyway. And it was a great experience probably because that was, you kind of joined early 2003, that was kind of a dark period for a lot of internet companies and certainly I would have put Yahoo on that list and just both measured by stock price but also just engagement. And then new leadership was coming in and we went through a kind of a golden time at Yahoo where a lot of growth and it's hard for I think today's younger generation to realize, I mean Yahoo was Google of 2003.  I wrote, it was an internal document that I wrote. It did leak out after about 10 weeks, but the articulation was basically like Yahoo had a problem with spreading itself too thin. And I think this is true, not just at Yahoo, but many companies suffer from the almost an identity crisis of who are we, what are we trying to be? And if you try to be all things to all people, you're not going to be anything to anybody. And I think Yahoo is struggling to like, Hey, are we going to be a search company? We're going to be an email company, we're going to be a content company in news and sports and fantasy.  you had specialization and expertise. And if we were gonna compete with Google in search, which I know people probably hear that and think how is that even possible, in 2003 that was really possible, 2004. The whole page, if I remember correctly, Yahoo was one of the most visited, if not the most visited webpage in the world. On the internet. Yeah, for a period of time. I mean it was when I was managing it and it was certainly a high point of thinking about programming and a lot of interesting stories about things that transpired in those eras. But yeah, it was a different time  I was the first female guy before Yahoo. I had been the CEO of a small voiceover IP company kind of early days of VoIP. This is pre Skype. And so I knew that going from Yahoo to an early stage company was probably in the cards. You know, anytime I'm thinking about a career shift and my counsel to anybody would be think about long-term trends. And I think one of the things was pretty maybe overly obvious in 20, I think it was 2011 when I was joining the company at the time it's called You Send It.  world and Google's of the world entering the space with kind of either a loss leader or for free and certainly having Dropbox and Box as competitors. It was a really tough slog. And ultimately we had an opportunity to sell the company. It did end up selling to a company called Open Text, but I exited and decided to take some time off and look at what's next. Got it. And so then you pop up again in the crypto world, right? Kind of after that time off. Let's start with kind of what's the first time you remember  guys who often are referred to, some of these guys are patient zero for many of Silicon Valley's Bitcoin energy. And by the time we landed, I was like, okay, okay, okay, I'll buy some Bitcoin. What year is this? 2012. 2012. Okay. So real early and kind of that nucleus of people who now most people know are excited about it. Yeah. And I mean, this is with Wenzes Kessaris, Mickey Malka, good friend of mine, Dave Goldberg. He passed away, but remained friends with those guys. The thing that I probably  and you know, we kind of got one thing led to another. So basically, your kind of first foray was Bitcoin and more of what I'll call like the crypto ethos, if you will, and then inbound recruiting call ended up kicking off the process for Ripple. Yeah, it's kind of amazing. Yeah, it's kind of a colorful story and you know, so you'll maybe find it interesting. I had left Hytale, I had time on my hands and so I decided I'd be an Uber driver. I thought that would be fun.  or Visa, my sense is that's kind of more up the alley of what you're looking for. And in what he said, which I think is somewhat true, is that Chris Larson is one of the co-founders of Ripple. He's like, no, he's really looking for someone. If you want to change an industry, it's easier to do it a little bit from the outside perspective. And then if you hire someone from the industry, it's harder to achieve that same outcome. From the time that you got the call till the day you quit driving an Uber, how long was that? Well, I knew, and that wasn't that long because I didn't drive Uber very long. That was a one month project.  that time particularly, I'd never been in a Tesla, so you'd pick people up and there'd be this kind of, oh, you know, holy shit, wait a minute. And anyway, a couple people did figure out who I was and they would tweet about it after the fact, but anyways, rather amusing. That's awesome. All right, so let's dive into Ripple first. You joined in 2015 as a CEO? As COO. COO, okay. What drew you to Ripple eventually? Kind of what was the lore, if you will, as to why to join this one company out of all the companies?  could you as a capitalist make money? Sure. But a better marketplace for dog walkers, it doesn't speak to me. It doesn't speak to me as you're changing and impacting the world in a positive way and I'm not taking anything away from those that have a more efficient dog walking experience. The dogs are happier. The dogs are happier. And by the way, the dog walkers, you know, there's some. More money. Yeah, I'm not trying to be a hater towards that. But when I look at Brad Garlinghouse as a dog walk hater, there was a rumor,  And there's a chance like, well, wait a minute, actually, if this works, it could be a really impactful in a lot of ways. And, you know, I think through a little bit of luck, a little bit of skill, you know, I think we've find ourselves in a pretty interesting spot. Okay. So we don't want to jump that far ahead. So, no, no, no, no. Well, for those that don't know, there are, um, at a high level, two separate components to what you guys are doing. There's ripple and there's XRP. Uh, I want to make sure that we separate those and talk about each one individually first. So ripple, um, when somebody says to you, what does ripple do?  crypto ecosystem and before the show we were talking about this conference in Montreal last weekend which we can talk more about. But I think there's this echo chamber of people getting so excited about the technology we lose sight of what problem are we trying to solve for what customer and how are we going to do that and how do you go to market with it. And I think I think what is missing in the crypto ecosystem is really a customer fixation. These are profound technologies and I think can impact lots of industries in lots of ways. But you know what I  We had something called global identity, which is intended to be a leveraging a blockchain leverage the XRP ledger for identity management and there's this payments solution and One of the hard decisions early on you know back to that peanut butter reference is we're a small company We cannot pursue all three of those things and be successful. Mm-hmm. Let's pick one Did we pick the right one? I don't know, you know, this is pre Ethereum as the smart contracts platform and Vitalik and our CTO at the time and got him Stefan Thomas were close and actually Vitalik  where there's a lot of experimentation, but not a lot of traction and clear demonstrable usage. For sure. So one caveat I should put out in the conversation, which I was somewhat clear on Twitter, but I think is important for listeners to know. I actually know very little about Ripple and XRP. And so I've got what I'll call a basic understanding of what I could Google around and learn about. So I was excited to do this because one, I get to learn from the source. And then two is to try to get a counterbalance view of the world.  Exactly. Sure. So that is a reasonably fair characterization. Sure. That's not going to get it perfect. Yeah. Well, part of that is, you know, anytime you're in a nascent industry, it changes quickly. You know, even X-Rapid as a product name, we're kind of evolving to something called just on-demand liquidity because that's a sort of descriptive about what it does, but that's not that critical for today. So those are the three products. I'll talk briefly about them. X-Current is really the idea that banks today use existing pools of liquidity. So pre-funded accounts,  That doesn't touch crypto. That is, we describe it as kind of a temporary blockchain between two endpoints. That's a private transaction. It's not gonna be published. Banks and financial institutions have sensitivity about their transactions being broadcast everywhere. But that's the first product. The second product, XRapid, which we now really call on-demand liquidity, is this idea that I don't have to pre-fund to the bank of Pomp. I don't wanna put Mexican pesos out there. I don't really trust the bank of Pomp.  I've got, frankly one of the things that changed after the financial crisis is something called, forget the name of it, it topped my mind, that changed the regulatory framework of Basel III. Basel III changed the regulatory requirement about how banks tier one capital ratio is calculated. It used to be that the bank of Brad could trust the bank of Pomp and the bank of Pomp and your regulators could trust the bank of Brad. After the financial crisis, we realized we don't trust other banks.  rather than hold it at your institution, I just now hold it at mine for the transaction. Well, that's what, this is what on-demand liquidity solves. So with on-demand liquidity or X-Rap it allows you to do is say, bank of pomp holds a dollar. I'm gonna sell the dollar, I'm gonna buy a unit of XRP. I'm gonna move that unit of XRP from a US dollar denominated exchange to a Mexican peso denominated exchange. I'm gonna sell the XRP, I'm gonna buy a Mexican peso. You have that whole transaction completed in seconds. What today would mean pre-funding  negative working capital to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars of negative working capital. Why? Because of these pre-funded accounts. Got it. If they don't have the pre-funded accounts, all of a sudden they have a lower, I mean, by the way, I'm not pretending we're going to solve this overnight worldwide, but over time, if we can bring that from a few hundred million to 200 million to 100 million, the enterprise value of MoneyGram is somewhere around 1.5 billion debt plus equity. If you can move that by a couple hundred million dollars, that's actually really material to a  as a corporate API wrapper so that a corporate can write to one API and shoot off payments globally. Okay. And this is all over, uh, one of the other terms that kept coming up is ripple net. Correct. Is that something separate than these three products or those three products represent ripple net. Okay. When you connect into ripple net, you're touching those three products. So, uh, if I am a bank, can I buy one product and not the other two, or do I get kind of all three wrapped up as one, one offering, if you will, from a technical point of view, every deploy it as you're kind of getting all the pieces.  We have an enterprise sales force the way, I mean, back to my kind of word, enterprise software company. So we have enterprise salespeople out traveling the world, meeting with banks, other financial institutions, and we're signing contracts with them. You know, we've been pretty traditional software contract. Yeah. I mean, traditional is loose here. I mean, it's not sales force. You just light up an instance. This is not that right. You're deploying typically deploying behind the firewall. Okay. And so, you know, I generically, you know, without disclosing all of our contracts,  participates in. Right. Got it. Okay. So you described earlier that some of the products use XRP. Let's switch gears from Ripple to XRP now. What is XRP? And I think this is where a lot of the controversy lays probably. So let's be really kind of thorough in terms of how you would describe it and kind of what the purpose is. XRP is an open source software. XRP Ledger is open source software. XRP is a digital asset resident on the XRP Ledger.  of how Bitcoin works. They set out to build a better Bitcoin. I think, you know, impressively prescient way they saw, look, if you extrapolate this out and you really want this to be the future of payments, can you scale a proof of work like model to enable an internet of value? And that's challenging. So they were like, and I think they would attest to their original view was, hey, we're going to set out to build a better Bitcoin. We're going to build Bitcoin 2.0. And, you know, we don't talk about  long Bitcoin. I own Bitcoin. I am not bearish on Bitcoin. Bitcoin is not going to solve a payments problem. The Satoshi white paper says a payments network. It's not going to be a payments network. And the reason is that the nature of proof of work and from a scalability point of view is significantly limiting how the throughput transaction time transaction cost. The XRP ledger is much, much, much more efficient. I typically say it's about a thousand times faster per transaction. It's about a thousand times cheaper per transaction.  the tradeoff between speed security, Bitcoin, and how XRP works. I'm going to intentionally somewhat dodge the question. Okay. I'm like, I've read that meme and it's kind of a recent meme in my opinion. I didn't hear that two years ago. Now I've kind of read stuff now. People say that the XRP ledger has existed since 2012, I think 2012. We've never had a transaction unwound. We've never had a hack against the ledger. Like, so do I think we have compromised? Do I, do I think  I think that there's probably other people who have tried to increase efficiency therefore given up some security and there has been a hack and so maybe a fair critique of that would be if it happens one place doesn't mean it's gonna happen everywhere and also What level of security is needed right in order to run a system? And if there is a relationship between Security and speed is there some middle ground between the two right? Yeah, I guess I'm just I'm challenging the problem  Would argue that yeah, I don't know do I'm ready enough to do that the Twitter detectives go to work? Yeah, yeah, you could argue about that you can tweet at me about how I'm wrong But we that Joel Katz on that also and he'll defend me That's fair. All right, so XRP is a digital asset that goes on the XRP ledger, right? and then describe Kind of how it works into the product itself because it sounds like it's not all three products within the ripple net actually use XRP  That stuff too is then some people say well, why don't you just use Bitcoin or some other digital asset instead of XRP? That is a great question I know I'm interrupting but if I may we had a really interesting debate internally when we were architecting and kind of product design around X Rapid or on demand liquidity and one of the debates internally was wait a minute what it happens if we're launching on demand liquidity into Poland and there is I think it's when the maybe let's not use that because I think that's the euro Let's see that Peru. I think it's the Lyra  be that we have never used anything other than XRP because actually XRP is extremely fast and extremely inexpensive on a per transaction basis. Do you look at it as XRP is the default and then if there's not the liquidity, then you would go to the other ones? Right. Yeah, I think it's right. We think about it. Yeah. Got it. Um, okay. By the way, the reason I'm emphasizing that is back to you even, I can't remember what you said earlier, but you're talking about what I heard was kind of this, there is religions around all things crypto tribalism, tribalism, religiosity, whatever, you know, and I think it's  I want them to be successful. I want the ETH projects to be successful. I want the Bitcoin projects to be successful. I don't view that as a bad thing for us. In fact, the more successful they are, the better it is for me. In fact, when I hear about companies in our space that are struggling and might have a bad outcome, that's bad for me. I think we're at a stage, and I joined the internet space. We didn't get back to my early, early time, but I moved to Silicon Valley in 1997. This is a year-ish past the Netscape IPO.  doing that effectively, we're scaling very quickly, it's going well. I would think other people would want to root for that success because I think we're the only scaled blockchain crypto solution out there, period, full stop. There's a lot of experiments. You think that you're the only scaled, say that again? I think that what Ripple is doing is the only scaled example of crypto and blockchain being used at scale, period. Let me qualify that because I know the answer.  I can't point to other examples where, I mean, Ripple has hundreds of customers using these technologies to solve a real problem. We have real volume. We can get into some of that volume information, but things are going really, really well. I want these other projects to do really, really well. So let's get into progress, because that's a huge question that people have. And I think this is coming both from the believers and the detractors camp of just like, where are you guys today? So hundreds of customers.  like are we at 248 or 260, I don't know. What I have also publicly shared is that we have been on a pace of signing about two enterprise grade contracts per week. So what that basically means is if it's two weeks in a year, we're signing on average about 100 contracts. We'll sign more than that this year. We beat our forecast for Q3 that just ended last week. And that's a leading indicator  And this is one of the reasons why I get excited about the business model. The network effects, Metcalfe's Law, the value of the network expands based on the square of the nodes on the network. We're seeing that happen. The thing that the skeptics should ask is, well, if you were one of the first five customers to sign up for RippleNet, why would you sign up? It's like the first person bought a telephone. There's nobody to talk to, which is true. I tell my sales lead that his job gets easier day by day. And look, there's evidence to show that it does.  deployments as the most important metric. And then we realized it's actually not deployment, it's actually volume. Because at some point you want to sell the contract, deploy it, and then you want volume going over. Are there a new use case being built on a new rail or moving existing volume over to that rail? So today the key metric we track more than anything else is volume. We track primarily volume by number of transactions as opposed to dollar volume. And the reason is, to some degree you could do a small number, we have a handful of customers that are, it's corporate use cases where there's one