 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  spot that I'm providing them. But Total instead is our advertiser and you should go visit Total.com slash Pomp. Again, that's Total.com slash Pomp and let them know that I sent you. Tell them you love their product. Take a screenshot, tweet it at me. I'll drop you some fire emojis and then we'll all be happy. So Total.com slash Pomp. Boom. Another ad. As many of you know, crypto investors store their digital assets on exchanges or in cold storage for long term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build  tax reporting tool that saves you a ton of time and headache. Ain't nobody like dealing with their taxes, so let Zen Ledger do it for you. You can learn more by visiting zenledger.io slash off the chain to get your taxes done with ease. And as an off the chain listener, you'll get 20% off your 2018 tax forms. That's right. Listening to this podcast makes you smarter and saves you money. One more time, zenledger.io slash off the chain. Go check it out.  crypto. I really appreciate you coming in and doing this. Awesome. I'm excited. Yeah. Everyone knows, I think, a lot of the Wall Street background, but maybe like, let's go pre-Wall Street. You grew up in Virginia and then wrestled at Princeton. I did. I did ROTC. So you did that in college. I did it in college. You know, back then it was a way to pay for college. And I grew up in a military family. And so you didn't even think you were joining the army. You thought you were a way to pay for college. Yep. And I wanted to go to Princeton because  didn't really want to spend eight years in the army. And there was a track to join the national guard. Reagan had put too many people in the, uh, in the army at that point and his surge to build up our defenses. He overdid it. And so they were like, anyone want to volunteer to be in the guard? And my hand was up, uh, in a lot of ways because I really didn't think we were ever going to be used in Oregon. I mean, one of the great misjudgments of my life, you know, there was glass nose and perestroika and, and even in the army, they were always talking about tank warfare and, you know,  Bosnia, the second Gulf War, Afghanistan. I mean, look, if you're a kid in America today and you're what 17, 18 years old, you've lived your entire life with the US at war in the Middle East. Yeah. And so my generation of officers and enlisted men have really spent the bulk of their career if they stayed in the army in and around combat. And I was convinced we would never go. All right. So I want to talk a little bit about Princeton wrestling. I played football at Bucknell and  you just tough and dispen and resilience. You got to get back up and go back to, you know, you're not going to win every match. And so I kind of think it's the grit and toughness is what you take into, into the investing world. Also discipline. You can't just be a good wrestler. You're, you're a good wrestler because you practice. You can't be a good athlete in anything. I mean, you know, Michael Jordan shot more basketballs than just about anybody. Tiger Woods swung more golf clubs. And so the great athletes, you know, it's pushups, it's running, it's drilling and it's that practice that builds a discipline that  When USC first showed up, I was really kind of anti-USC because it's like, there's something noble about wrestling, even the rules, like I can pick you up, but I got it. I'm responsible for putting you back to the mat. And USC felt just too thuggy. It felt like too barbaric, almost like freaking dog fighting. And remember the original UFC, there were less rules than there are today. I was gonna say they put gloves on them, right? You couldn't kick people when they're down anymore. We really had to be careful when we were getting wrestling in New York City schools and we're now in  that's awesome.  Stayed in it next thing any choke the guy out. Yeah, well, it just seems to like when a wrestler Is an elite wrestling they get their hands on somebody get them on the mat. It's over over right? Yeah. Yeah. All right, so You're in the National Guard helicopter pilot and all of a sudden you join Goldman and you go to Asia It described kind of like why go to Goldman and then why take the job in Asia versus do something else? You know after I left the guard I thought I'd go To DC enjoying politics and oh really I did I  years earlier were working on Wall Street. Princeton and Wall Street is a pretty big connection. I ran into a buddy of mine who got me an interview at Goldman and 24 interviews later they gave me a job and felt like it was good at places I need to work. And so I had an 11 year career there, first in sales, then in risk taking. Loved it. Goldman is a cult. I was going to ask about the interview process and how that leads into the culture. Listen, it's like playing for the New York Yankees.  and the kind of right seat at the right time and do well enough that I became a partner. And it was, it was a, to this day, it's a very cool fraternity. They have a Goldman Sachs retired partner's dinner every year. And it's shocking how everyone from around the world, it was a partner comes back just for that dinner. There's a real tie to that sense of excellence and sense of greatness that Goldman has been for a long period of time. It's funny to hear this because I think that the military has  think great companies and great institutions create extended family. Princeton is a really neat place. It's actually people are more excited about Princeton after they graduate than when they're there. It's hard when they're there. And so they create this sense of family. Goldman has done the same thing. So again, being a retired Goldman partner, there's a synergy. If I do well, it makes Goldman look good. If they do well, it makes me look good. And so they reach out to their ex-partners and keep us engaged.  like dog years. 1997 felt like seven years. You had this unbelievable exuberance of free markets and China exploding north in terms of capitalism just spreading through China. It was a little bit like the Wild West. At times I felt as a market participant an unfair advantage in that JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs and Barclays and Bearings, these are institutions that  US financial institutions because they still don't want to compete. And they were, I remember sitting with Zhu Rongji who was really the architect in a lot of ways of China's great miracle or at least the second half of it. He was like, listen, we'll let in Kodak because we'll be able to figure out what they do real fast and then we'll be able to beat them. We're not letting in Goldman Sachs. We're not letting in JP Morgan, not for a long time. And they still have it. They were supposed to have. And it's one of these reasons we have this trade tension now. But part of because the jobs of  But he is a, you know, unbelievably dynamic entrepreneur. When we interviewed him on here, I'd spent some time with him before and was really able to help unpack why and how he's built it. And the part that's crazy to me is it's one thing to go from no revenue to a lot of revenue. If you're a high growth company in a big space and kind of you ride the trend and you're benefit from it. He's also built a team of 400 people in 18 months, right? And they're completely, they're like 40 different companies.  to  For sure. Well, and I think the big question is what's more sustainable over 10, 15 years, right? You know, I think we'll see a big transition in this industry in the next six months to six years. Both businesses are quite valid. I think right now there's almost been very little institutional business. And so there's a lot of business, a lot of work being done building the architecture to allow institutions.  months later than it's going to be. But I'm wildly confident that it's happening because I see it every day. Well, and part of it too, I think that's really interesting. So before we get into the institutional side, one of the things I want to cover is you left Goldman went to fortress, right? And when you went to fortress, you were there when they took the company public, right? There was kind of a big financial windfall event for a lot of people involved. We just walked through like, what was it like going from Goldman to something that was newer, younger, and  create synergy. And we set out, we literally drew the business plan on a napkin. Our first contract was on a napkin. We kind of used the Goldman theory of true partnership. And so each of our businesses, we threw 100% of the profits into the pot and then split it up, which in some ways was insane because we had so little to do with each other. Like Wes Fran, a private equity business, and at that point he was just killing it. Pete Berger was building a lending, you know, specially lending  So that was exciting. Unfortunately, we ran right into the jaws of the 2008 financial crisis. And quite frankly, having built a business as fast as we did, and the headiness of going from a wealthy guy to a billionaire to like, you know, and having everybody call you and all that goes with it, we stumbled in 08 or, you know, the various businesses. I used to kid around about like the three pigs. One was built a bricks, one was built a sticks, and one was built a straw.  Now the richest kid walking around in Hong Kong, it's hard for it not to impact your judgment, your ego. And it usually takes some lumps and some stumbling for you to kind of regain your balance. And so people are gonna make mistakes. They're gonna make mistakes because they think they're untouchable when things happen. It's not so much even just humbling when you're building a business in general, right? Forget the personal aspects of it. The business is gonna go through good times and bad things.  being a billionaire to not a billionaire to back to being a billionaire. There's only a couple of people in the world who have done that three times. I was going to say you did it at least three, right? You know, a lot of it's just psychological. Like, so I, once I, once we got very rich, I never was not really rich. So you, it's unfair. You know, if you're worth $600 million or $800 million or a billion dollars in lots of ways, it's just, it's the same thing. You're going to give less to philanthropy in lots of ways. You can't buy a sports team. But there's nothing,  I bought a lot and I held it for a long time and most people would have sold it and we traded it well. But it was a lot easier when the money didn't matter as much. I had other both intellectual pursuits going on, business pursuits going on and financial pursuits. It's almost a sense of one of the things that holds a lot of people back is fear, right? And when you don't have a lot, you actually make decisions that if you have less fear or you have more freedom, you're empowered to make those decisions. And that's actually where the risk reward is.  That's completely unhealthy fear. And so I once had a shrink who was yelling at me because he was like, dude, you're not scared of all the things you should be scared about. Like you shouldn't ride a motorcycle 125 miles an hour when you not a really great motorcycle rider. Like that's just stupid. You should be scared and you really shouldn't be scared of taking risk in life and failing. And I was like, okay, back to the drawing board. Well, it's funny that you say this because I saw you tweeted kind of the top five daredevils basically and Alex Hana  crazy. Yeah. Like the part that actually I didn't know about the story is he started to climb was like, no, I'm not feeling it today. Yeah. Down and then just came back one day and said to everyone tomorrow, you know, just six months later. It's crazy. Talking to I'm not a giant climber, but I have a place in Jackson Hole and a lot of the great adventure people migrate to Jackson. It's an amazing mountain and talking to other great climbers and adventure people. Lots of the thing.  You know, we set out to be a credentializer in the space. I used to talk about Drexel Burnham because I think milk can really help credentialize, you know, high yield and junk bonds. And they became a real part of the financial armory of for sure of all companies. And I think at one point crypto won't replace, you know, we're not going to hold new world, but it's going to supplement. It's going to be part of the payment system of the world. Security tokens, you're going to crypto and blockchain are going to be integrated into lots of  So that's been the most exciting space that you're sitting with people and you're like, Hey, this is the new new and what's coming down the pipe. Having never done that before into the last few years is by far the, the, the most enjoyable part of the business for me. And quite frankly, the hardest cause it's a learning curve of trying to understand what'll work and what won't work. Um, you almost feel like you're, uh, you're getting told the secrets, right? That's what I was fondly. These are the smartest people in the world and they're going to show up and they're going to tell you everything that they know. And they're going to tell you everything that they think is going to happen.  and stored and lent. And I think that part of the infrastructure is still not as built out as it needs to be across our space. A lot of these companies who are good at it slap their technology together and it's complicated stuff. You can't buy it off the shelf. We've tried many times. And so, you know, there's a race going on there to provide liquidity and lending services and custody. I think that's going  When they think of institutions, they think of the JP Morgan's, the banks, the financial institutions, and then people who come from a less Wall Street, but still asset management. They're thinking of endowments, pensions, sovereign wealth, et cetera, the Wall Street institutions. What's the general sentiment there? We saw a city go to build a coin. They've backed away. JP Morgan's not going to build one. Like how do they all look at this? So they have a monster business and why take risk on something that's really small until they're convinced it's  Do you think that that's something that you're not only excited about, but will be just as big as kind of the tokens, ICOs, all of that? It's going to be a lot bigger and a lot less sexy. So think about something. We're one of the projects we've been looking at is tokenizing a triple net lease portfolio, which is a bunch of leases from a Midwest real estate company, uh, maybe yield seven, seven and a half percent. Like what crypto investors, you know, wants to buy a seven and a half percent, you know, none.  and transferability will be easier because you'll have that built into the token. And so it's a marginal increase in the product. There's a two and a half trillion to $3 trillion a year private placement market. And so each year, basically there's $2 trillion of new public equity and two and a half to $3 trillion of private. Some portion of that private is going to get tokenized. And so if you're any one of the major banks and you're like,  business. Well, and I think a lot of people in crypto forget how large, you know, real estate is or the credit business in traditional markets. Right. I mean, these things, um, I said something the other day, look, money is like what, 85 trillion or so. Give it, you know, globally real estate, it's like 215 trillion. So literally real estate as a market cap or addressable market is just at least two times bigger. And so this stuff is going to happen at some point. I think the big question, right. And I think your articulation of like six months to six years,  trying to create the exchange. There's just no way that the NASDAQ and the New York Stock Exchange and all the big play, you know, vested interests are going to, if we really do have a big surge in security tokens are going to say, Oh, let those new guys take all the business. Right. So the legacy players are doing their homework and they're coming in. And I think one of the biggest things I've noticed in the last year is, you know, their capital to the space has slowed down some, but the venture business, there's still plenty of capital coming in.  Right. When I think of Galaxy, there are like kind of three buckets. One is, I'll put the Bitcoin bucket, but really is, are we going to have, and I think we will, a market for what money is? You know, Bitcoin versus the dollar versus some algorithmic coin versus whatever. You know, money is really a social contract. Bitcoin is worth something because we say it's worth something. If me and you took the exact same technology and put it out there and said, hey, it's Novocoin and nobody cared about it, it's for zero.  3.0 and the third bucket is really this tokenization digitalization of stuff. Yep And so they're they're different stories. They're connected, but they're not the same stories and so we kind of break up our Thinking of the business and attacking each one of them. What is Let's just gears a little bit and I know that you've been talking a lot about surveillance in China and so it's up that's going on there What's your thoughts? I kind of just again technology is permeating a society and the questions around how it's being used and by who  So like we're gonna, the new generation is just to learn to live with a non-private world. It scares me, you know, the social responsibility score that China is, you know, there were 30 million people last year that were not allowed to travel in China, let alone out of China because of their social responsibility score. So it's not like a theoretical thing, it's happening. And when you look at the growth of AI and how good AI is getting at understanding people's behavior and you have data, all of their data  enough.  ones will respond boldly and others won't. And, you know, I think that the bold response is needed. You know, I think the bold response would help. Yeah. I think, you know, there's going to be, this is going to be attacked two ways. Companies themselves are going to realize I better change or I'm going to lose some consumers. But governments are going to, you know, Europe is much tougher on privacy than we are. And you're going to see governments regulate these guys.  but it's still a zillion people saw it. I think the number they said was in the first 24 hours, took down 1.5 million copies of the video. There you go. Crazy. Think of that an a peer to peer, sensorless system. Like that ain't good. Like, you know, so should media even be on the systems? You know, they're, they're real ethical questions to ask. Well, in the trade off that you're talking about here is so all of a sudden there's this video that gets streamed live. There's no centralized party to take it down. Right. And that gets bad.  I  There's you have to layer on then the regulation piece of this, right? In some countries there's much lack much more lax rules than not. And I think a lot about when you go onto the internet, a lot of times it acts as a single country, right? You know, the laws that apply in kind of the physical world, sometimes they're hard, right? If you're, you know, if you go and visit a website, if it's on a server in the US versus Canada versus China, sometimes there's impacts, sometimes there's not, right? And that really just makes things more complex. I want to talk a little bit about the  myself feel less guilty, decided to give an equal amount to charity or to a nonprofit. And okay. Split it. You did 50 50. Well, close, you know, generally. Yeah, roughly. Um, and so I got behind a group called the bail project. Uh, and so I heard the story once and that's all you needed to hear it. So here's the story tonight in America, 450 to 500,000 people will go to bed in a jail cell a day  50% of America can't afford like $1,000. You know, bail gets set at $600, $800. Not only most people can't afford it, they don't even have a friend they can call. And bail bondsmen don't work on those low-level bails, and so they stay in jail. Now, if you're in jail, you're seven times more likely to plead guilty because you want to go home. You're going to lose your job. You don't get to see your kids. You're, you know, it's in a dangerous environment. And so you plead guilty usually for time served. And now you've got a record