 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcast in crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  with the new block by interest account users can now securely store their Bitcoin or ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency 6% is an absurdly high rate it's the best rate in the industry I highly suggest you go check out block fly.com slash pump again that's block by dot com slash pump to sign up and start earning crypto today Anthony Pompliano is a partner at Morgan Creek digital all paintings expressed by pump or his guests on  You're welcome. Absolutely. People want to know a lot. You've kind of done a bunch of stuff in your life. Maybe let's just start, if you can give us kind of 30 seconds on how you describe your background. I'll ask you then about a couple of other trades you guys have made previously and then we can get into some of the more recent stuff. How I describe my background. I think that I'm just intellectually curious and unfortunately like to be a contrarian where it makes sense. And I think that  back then, if you remember, China had ascended to the WTO in 2001 and really in earnest, call it 2003-2004, you saw our rust belt, the United States, start to really hemorrhage jobs. So there were significant job losses across the industrial belt of the US and at that point in time, that was still a market, if you remember,  lower and lower the credit spectrum. So rates didn't really affect the total number of homes being sold. And in the Rust Belt itself, you actually saw job losses and home price declines. And so I was on a call at one point in time in 2006, early 06, with an analyst or a mortgage backed securities analyst at Royal Bank of Scotland. And I was trying to isolate securities  And I said, but what about zero? He says, yeah, that doesn't happen. So we don't even have it in our models. And I said, what if just hypothetically, maybe there was just a zero, forget a home price decline. And he said, well, in a zero, you know, these securitizations would lose three to 6% of their assets. And I said, but that would wipe out the triple piece. He says, yeah, but you know, that's not going to happen. And that was that moment where you thought if you could find a decent concentration of a securitization in the rust belt,  Whatever, I was one of the biggest investors. And so when we came up, once I had ironed out that idea, that was called May, June of 06, we took that idea to investors and launched a subprime only vehicle in September of 2016. Got it. 2006. I'm sorry, 2006. Got it. Okay.  data services and you get to see how they're performing. And their performance was constantly deteriorating. And in fact, we launched our fund in September of 2006, on like, I can't remember the day, September 16th or 17th. People said, why don't you just wait until October 1st? I said, I can't wait for another performance report because what if the market falls apart? It's doing so poorly right now. Early payment defaults were  from February to June of 07, they actually rallied back up. Thank God, because we were trying to get $5 billion invested and I needed every sucker I could find. And unfortunately we didn't get the whole $5 billion invested. Yeah, it kind of dried up. It's funny because one constant across a lot of investors who have these more macro, you know, approaches to the world, they come up with a single idea. They have a lot of conviction in it. You hear the same thing over and over again. I knew it was going to happen, but I didn't know it.  happened, right? Central Bank balance sheets went out of control. So whether it was the US or Europe or Japan or China, you name it, they grew their Central Bank balance sheets like weeds. And I was trying to explain that to my kids and talking to my kids, I was explaining to them that this is the new path. This is what's going to happen. There is no going back. There is no return to a gold standard or return to some fixed asset standard. It's not going to happen. It can't happen.  So where in the world is there a free perpetual option on metal? Well in the marketplace you actually have to pay a pretty significant price to buy a two-year copper option or nickel option and in taking down nickels You got it for free. So I was just teaching my kids that I'd rather own a bunch of nickels than have my money sitting in the bank while the Federal Reserve prints it away. Yeah And again, that was just a teaching moment had nothing to do with kind of call it true  Save it  says, you know, what about Whamu? And I said, well, look, Whamu is all option arms. I said, they are done. I don't care that Bob Steele is our new CEO. Whamu is finished. I said, they're going to be bankrupt. And the government will probably have to take them over. And I go through all this with my good friend who's another asset manager. I hung up and my son in the back seat says, so, so dad, the Whamu you were just talking about, he says, is that the one where my money is? And I said, yes, Sam, but you have nothing to worry about. Nothing to worry about.  He says, no, ma'am, your bank's going out of business and I need my money before it goes out of business. He said, my dad says that you have, you're going to be broke. And an eight year old on her face. And my son and I were just so funny. We were just driving yesterday by this bank who's no longer, no longer a limo. And we were both reminiscing about that time when he went in and convinced the teller that she was in real trouble. Anyways, it was a good time. The eight year old knew better than the people who worked there.  I think when you try to understand this idea of two countries in one system or really how they say one country in two systems, I think that... And just so those that don't know, Kyle's talking about China and Hong Kong. They're technically... They're a special administrative region of China, i.e. Great Britain ruled Hong Kong for a long time.  as those conversations were being had after Hong Kong was ruled by Britain for so long and had a rule of law and had a judiciary, an economic system and a legislative system that again had order and had law, a lot of money was invested there. And if you look back to 1980, call it 80, call it some 79, 83, so the currency's been pegged since 83 to the dollar.  in  if one side breaks it, there is no de-escalation, there's no negotiation. Either it's an agreement or it's not. And that's kind of where we find ourselves today. But there's an interesting fun fact also. As we headed into the handoff of Hong Kong back to Chinese in 97, what happened? The Asian financial crisis happened, right? And so the handoff was July 1st, 1997.  What that would do to a banking system and an economy.  what the British essentially State Department writes to their parliament. And what you've seen in the... So think about this, the last 10 years of Hong Kong's life has been the best 10 years that they'll ever see. Reason being, they're pegged to the US economy. They're pegged to our central bank. We took rates to zero in 2008. And their largest trading partner, China, went to the gas pedal. They had the golden years of Hong Kong. They had free money. And they had a market that, a real estate market that went  Again, they've had a real estate market go to the moon. And then they also have one of the most levered banking systems in the world. They're 900% of GDP in their banking system assets. Again, so when losses just start to trickle through, their bank equity disappears. In the US financial crisis, we all in, including off-bounce sheet financing, we're about 1.75x, they're 9x. Just to put things into perspective. Today we're 1x.  the world went, as the US went, the world went, i.e. if we grew, the rest of the world grew with us. And if we declined, the rest of the world had a small recession with us. We were the economic engine of the world. Today, one could argue that China, since the financial crisis, pulled the world out of the world financial crisis, i.e. their economic growth kind of pulled the world. And they are still, they still run about a $13 trillion economy and we have about a $20 trillion economy. So we're still  So if our rates go down while China's economy blows up in a good way Then Hong Kong has a great 10 years Yeah, if our rates start to move up and China continues to slow down that is the death knell for Hong Kong And now that's what we saw the other most interesting part of that is You could sell forward Hong Kong dollars and they pay you while you had it sold I it was a very positive. It was a positive period of action. Yeah  see this coming together, right? You went out and literally said, hey, we believe that this is going to be a problem. Here's why. And what we've seen transpire over the last two to three years, I think just now people in the Western world who aren't specifically focused on Hong Kong are starting to see it creep into mainstream media coverage. I wouldn't say creep. It was on the front page of every paper for the last few weeks. For the last few weeks. Now, at the beginning of this. And this is secondary to our idea. Yeah. So at the beginning of the year, I think  for years now kind of describe what's transpired over the last six months and why it's all coming to a head now.  And if they had a closed system and they didn't have to trade with the rest of the world, if they were not resource rich, then we probably wouldn't be doing anything here. But what's important is China has to interface with the rest of the world and the rest of the world won't take their shitty currency. You can say whatever you want. No one's going to take monopoly money. And so it's important to realize that China's FX reserve balance is their working capital. It is what they, they're desperately short.  any resources they have to spend dollars, euros, euros, pounds, mostly dollars. So they must maintain this dollar balance. So it's important to realize that China is running a massive fiscal deficit, 10% of GDP or more. Just think about that. When the US breaks 3% of GDP, Congress goes berserk. China's running a 10% of GDP fiscal deficit when you include their local government financing. And they're running a current account that we think  Index, your Lehman Brothers Bond Index, to add them to that index. And money flows into them that way. Oh, and then they open up their capital markets for US investors to buy more of their banks. Right after they wreck their banks, they say, the spider says to the fly, oh, you can own more of our banks now. But in the end, they need dollars of serious dollar flow. So Hong Kong is the epicenter where they raise those dollars. Alibaba says, we want to raise $20 billion in a spot secondary in Hong Kong. Well, of course they do.  And so Hong Kong is really important what China's did this February they got Carrie Lam the CEO of Hong Kong to introduce a bill kind of quietly that stipulates that if China determines anyone's a criminal in Hong Kong and that's China's sole determination that they can extradite them and and basically hold them accountable in China so they can take them out of Hong Kong bring them to China and extra judicially if they say Anthony you came to  that literally lands in Hong Kong on a stopover. If you're going to land in Singapore or Hong Kong in the past, you probably say, I don't care which one it is. But now you're going to say, I'm never going to land in Hong Kong. If China can grab me, I'm going to go to Singapore. And so it's important to realize that the citizens of Hong Kong realize that there's no statute of limitations and now they're subject to the, we call it the whims of the Chinese Communist Party. It basically completely violates the British-Chinese agreement.  be the center that they've always hoped it was going to be, that's been extinguished.  from a walking to parliament or the 1 million protesters or the 2 million that showed up on the biggest day, 2 million people, only 7.5 million people in Hong Kong. Imagine if a quarter of the US population ever protested anything. That would be 70 million people or more. That would be just on an order of magnitude. You can't understand. Where do you put them all? Just think, 2 million people. But the 2 million person protest, if you saw the pictures and the videos,  the  to sound like a real problem, like a Hitler type problem, because the UK just determined they were live organ harvesting from these people, and they're just political prisoners because of their religious preference. So those things don't make it into the mainstream media, because you can't take pictures. The Chinese will never let that happen. Xi's existential nightmare is Hong Kong, because it was technically free and democratic before, and everyone has smartphones and cameras and internet,  In one sentence, what is the way that you guys plan to, from an asset management perspective, how do you play all that happening? Yeah, I just think the common denominator is this peg between the Hong Kong currency and the U.S. currency. And we think that Hong Kong needs a peg, but we think that that peg will be to the Chinese currency or a basket of Southeast Asian currencies where their economies move in tandem and not with the United States. Got it. Let's switch gears real quick to more of the global economy.  Yeah.  you know, part of the market believes we're gonna have 50-bit cut. The other, you know, the other cadre believes we'll have a quarter point cut. We're at 3.7% unemployment. We're still at emergency levels of rates and we're talking about cutting rates again. So. And is it the QE and printing of money is really just because the central banks only have two tools of cutting rates or printing money or is it something else that you think they're kind of tied to? I think that in the event that you have a small recession and if  Wow.  even go, you know, NERP. I think NERP decimates the banks. And as you see, Europe's all their zombie banks has, you know, Deutsche Bank just found a magical 80 billion euro hole. All of these banks have big holes. The US recaps its banks. Europe's banks are zombie banks. And, you know, China's banks are now levered. More than any bank has ever been levered in world history in nominal call it R&B, but not in turn.  very specifically was $2,300 is when we were looking at looking at this saying this is going to be an asset class. And I use Bitcoin in kind of a collective term. It's crypto Bitcoin. Not speaking of the ICO securities that are crazy. You know, let's just talk about pure crypto assets. I think I think that we tried to get comfortable with the fact we are fiduciary. We are regulated. We are governed by  if and when you own gold, you can take delivery of gold into a bonafide COMEX warehouse that is a qualified custodian. You can actually take physical possession. You just can't put your hands on it. It becomes illegal for you as a fiduciary to put your hands on it. And so that was the problem that we ran into in hiring as many different legal teams as we could hire. And then this evolution of asset prices, or sorry, evolution of this asset class made it difficult for us. And so we began  When you think about what your sovereign identity is and what you can control and can't control this is that ideological difference between call it a libertarian and a sovereign government and I think you probably know from reading anything I've written that I fall more into the libertarian camp and I'm a fiscal conservative however when I think about the rules-based system and the system that's been developed the way it's been developed and I mentioned to you earlier  Well, it's too bad if it's not okay. I'm going to own it and it's decentralized and I can own it in my Japanese account. I can own it in this account and in this account. Well, the US government, for instance, has a number of different things that they require you to file with your tax return every year that if you don't declare it, it's a felony. And last thing you want to do is go to jail. And so I believe that there are structural things that are going to happen when it becomes more functioning, relevant and more widely adopted.  Yeah, I think your argument is a rational one in the sense of if it actually works you run into an obstacle now the question is is it a roadblock where literally you can't get through it because the government just Clamps down on it or is it more of a speed bump right and it's kind of hey that you know They got to do some work and then they come out and say okay It's fine in you know this sandbox or within these rules But I think that even you know last couple weeks where we've seen the Senate the Congress, you know literally the chairman of Federal Reserve that  and the one thing that Facebook doesn't have on you, they have your pictures, they have your identity, they know who all your friends are, they know what you care about, they know a lot about you. They don't have your personal financial data and your social security number and guess what? Libra's gonna get all of that. And so whether they say it's altruistic or whether they say it's just a business proposition, for Facebook to have that much data, that much power, I think that's why  If I were betting, I would bet it's more of a roadblock than a speed bump. But there'll be some along the way that are speed bumps. It'll just, what I'm telling you is the obstacles will get larger and larger, the more successful it becomes. Yeah. And I think also, which jurisdiction you're talking about is a whole nother thing, right? There's some, there's some jurisdictions that will say, bring it all. Yeah. There are great places for it. You mentioned Argentina, these troubled third world countries, Iran, Venezuela, all of these absolute horrible communist  And I think that is what's fueling a number of the players today to think I need 1% of my assets there, 50 bips, or I need 4% or 5%. I need some number that's not going to break me if I'm wrong, but some number that if the government gets out of control of its spending and its policies, then I have some store of value, right? I mean, this is the whole argument. And I buy that argument. If I put my Treasury Secretary hat on, it's a problem for me.  go do some family stuff. We could talk for hours, so thank you so much and we'll have to do it again.  five blank stars. Taking 15 seconds to fill those stars in and leave a quick review goes a long way in helping us take the entire crypto ecosystem to the top of the charts. I appreciate you listening and see you next time on Off The Chain.