 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash POMP. Again, that's blockfi.com slash POMP to sign up and start earning crypto today.  mobile app they provide and then you receive over the air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis. Kind of like how Tesla does over the air updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine. Consumer mining made easy. That's right. Go to coin mine.com. Tell them Pomp sent you and thank you later.  did you get so hooked into digital currencies? Like what was the Apple that hit you in the side of the head and said that this is your Eureka moment for your life? Yeah, there's a couple of things. So I've always looked at innovative technology and kind of thought how when you apply to certain places, where's the most disruption or the most kind of value capture. And it was very obvious to me quickly that the idea humans are trusting algorithms more than they are other humans. So if you look at Google Maps, you trust more than asking somebody for street directions or Spotify for music recommendations,  it.  Here's the kind of crazy part of this. There's no army behind Bitcoin as an example. I'll get to that in a second. But for example, when it comes to the government's right, the US likes the idea that we can manipulate the US dollars, the global reserve currency, etc. But there's a lot of countries around the world that don't like that we can do that. If you look at Russia, China, you know, other countries, they actually want to get off of the US dollars, the reserve currency. And so if you think about bilateral trade between two countries that neither have the reserve currency, I have to trust that you're not manipulating your currency to my harm, you've got to trust that  and  class people. It's very net positive for elites because when you're devaluing money and your elites that hold capital inflation hedged assets, you could care less. So if I have a building right here that's worth a million dollars in 1901 and I own it and they deflate or I'm sorry, they inflate the money and now it's today and it's worth $30 million. It's still represented a value to me in terms of that transfer. But a person has wages.  I'm a lot older than you. I don't want to express cynicism on your podcast, but I want to express the truth. These politicians suck. I mean, let me tell you what, I have an 11 day PhD now in Washington scumbaggery. Okay. I know what these people are really like. They could care less about these people. They just want to stay ruling. They don't want to serve the people. It's about how do I perpetuate the ruling class that I'm in and how do I hang out with other clever people and virtue signal to them.  roughness that that stability may present in terms of the potential recessionary cycles, which are normal for industrial economies. You're ready for that. So I think that what you said in terms of the politicians wanting to continue to perpetuate basically their benefit and they don't care about everyone else. In a normal world, what they would be able to do is, hey, there's a threat, right? And that threat is coming and it's a technology, it's a company, it's a person, etc. They would regulate it, they would jail them, they would do  will not be successful. We need to figure out something else in order to address this because trying to Well, the IRS talking about taxing people that are trading in digital currencies. Like how are they going to do that? Well, that's actually what they should do, right? You know, I'm on record as saying the first country to embrace this and say, Look, we want the entrepreneurs here. We want the innovation here. We're actually going to work with them because it's going to lead to tax revenue. We're going to figure out how to incorporate this into our financial markets. I think they're going to have a very, very kind of big head start versus  they're all worthless. Right. So he's actually directionally correct on that. When it comes to Bitcoin, again, we were talking before we started recording, it's an asymmetric investment, right. So it's non-correlated to traditional assets, which has some benefits to your portfolio. And then on the upside, right, it 10, 20, 50, 100X type upside, there's just not very many assets in the world that can do that. And so I tell people, don't buy into the qualitative, it's going to be the next global reserve currencies. Forget all of that. If you look at your portfolio and you put a non-correlated  uh...  Back here in Washington, Washington. Did I look like I was having fun? Did you see my press conference? Listen as an Italian yeah when I watched you up there I said that dude's having the time of his life and then I read a article where I think the story is after the press conference you basically walked in and it was Trump and somebody else and Trump turned to him and said you know tell him what you said because You know, Mr. Scarabucci that was one of the best press conferences I've ever seen. Yeah, that was a Naval Reserve kid. Yeah, get out. He was serving the president  to the cows come home on that, but he can't be saying racist oriented shit, okay, just stupid, but let's move on from that. And the stuff he's saying about digital currency right now is to me, I'm a contrarian, so the fact that he's railing on it and Steven Mnuchin's railing on it means, okay, it has arrived. But I want to explain this odyssey to you, because I think it's important. So I come back to my firm, the firm has been wounded by our merger potentiality with  and I have all the respect in the world for Jamie. He's probably seven or eight years older than me. He's one of the smartest people I know in financial services and then boom, he's caught in a generational blind spot. Okay, and by the way, same generational blind spot that I would be caught in, same generational blind spot that you go, your partner would be caught in. So now Jamie's got to walk it back. And so I turned to my staff here, my young staff, I said, okay, there's something here. I don't know enough about it. We have our softwares.  I can exchange value with you confidentially and I can exchange it through a mechanism that looks very secure. Those mechanisms will get even more secure in the future than they are today. My issue is a political issue because I understand how governments work and I'm going to take your listeners through a quick history lesson on our money. In 1929, 1933, we tightened at a time when we needed to loosen. It wasn't until Franklin Roosevelt got the reign  So you don't have a revolution you're gonna take the country's currency off the gold standard So it makes me worry about Bitcoin because Bitcoin is a fixed standard It's a fixed supply and it will trade relative to what's going on in the world Irrespective of the world and irrespective of governmental manipulation can we both stipulate that yeah That makes me wary as a practical person because I know what governments will do in times of expediency George W Bush said I'm a conservative I believe in free market principles  revolution here, just the way it works. So, so yeah, you had to send the money to Torb. It got paid back. They got paid back with a profit. A lot of people don't understand that. That was valuable to the US government. But the truth of the matter is that's what governments do in times of crisis. They veer very, very hard to the left. I'm not saying it's right, but I'm saying that's what they do. OK, so now second problem that I have and just a quick history on our money. So the money is now  very large deficits. And so now the price of our currency, which was fixed at Bretton Woods to be $35 an ounce of gold is released in August of 1971. Richard Nixon says, shit, we got to monetize our debt in order to pay back. And so therefore we're unclipping our dollar from gold. The dollar is gone from $35 an ounce 1971 2019. It's roughly 1350 an ounce.  increase your ability to grow because you're going to be operating in the world stage with a devalued currency, which is the United States currency. So this works for China. They're clipping off 10, 12, 15 percent growth. They create an economic miracle. They go from an impoverished agrarian society 40 short years later to the second largest economy in the world. They've got problems, China. I'm not saying they don't, but they've done that. And part of that was being able to hitch themselves to our currency.  this industrial mercantilist exporting powerhouse. They have a very large economy. They have a budget surplus and they're at full employment. All done through currency manipulation, all done through rigging the system to benefit Germany. See, Trump understands that. That's why he's mad at them. So now here we are. The United States is sitting on $22 trillion of debt. We have the largest military. We still have the largest economy and we're direct beneficiary of great resources here and we're protected by two oceans.  Bitcoin digital currency in general. Maybe it's a theorem the ones that you like. I don't know. Yeah, so let me everything you just said completely agree with right from from a history lesson standpoint One thing I think a lot about is if you zoom even farther out, right? The fall of every great Empire has been the debasement of their currency, right? If you go back to ancient Athens Romans, etc When the currency starts to be devalued away, right eventually the currency goes and becomes worthless. It does not happen overnight It takes decades if not hundreds of years  It doesn't happen. Right. I actually, you know, look, I was in the army, right, and tend to be very American minded. But at the same time, I think that there's very real risks with the structural issues that we're facing and the part to me that our political leadership sucks. OK, they'll they'll blow an unbelievable thing. I mean, they got handed a unbelievable country. Some of it was locked. Some of it was our geography and natural resources. And after the end of the Second World War, they got handed  a $22 trillion debt. We blew up our infrastructure, our bridges, roads, tunnels, airports are crumbling, look like third-world countries. Educational system sucks, the K through 12 educational system, totally uneven, totally unfair. Common core is a disaster. I don't know anybody that even likes it or thinks it makes any sense. You got to put your kids in private school if you're smart now to get them to avoid common core. And then you got an industrial policy that it's an absolute mess because there's no policy. So the political leadership in the country  an example. It's got to be your generation that does it because my generation sucks and we won't be able to won't be able to do. We don't have any political leaders in my generation that can do it. But it has to be somebody from your generation that says, okay, this completely sucks. You guys blew it. But we're going to take it over. And we're going to not focus on left and right. But we're going to focus on right or wrong. And we're going to pick policies that are going to work. And we're going to tell the American people the truth. It's going to take 25 to 30 years to fix these problems. It's not going to happen overnight.  I actually think your generation is embracing it and what you're saying about algorithms and artificial intelligence and the future of what's going to be trusted and what isn't, I believe in all that stuff. But if we can get your generation focused on this and put leadership together and says, OK, here is the strategic plan for America. We want to cheat history. We want to return. We want to turn a republic that typically lasts two to 250 years into a 500 year republic.  to 100 years. We don't w up the environment. We're environment right now. our kids to live in the fr morning with the beer and the b the bond water spilled on gotta fix the environment. to fix it by signing clim no one's adhering to them. out if there's a way, the sa water, is there a way th energy more cleanly? Or is energy or is there a way  that you can solve the deficit crisis because through fracking, you know, the United States owns, I don't know, 30% of the land, you can Google it, it's probably 28 or 30%. Underneath that land is an unbelievable amount of energy, trillions of dollars of energy that's owned by the United States, effectively. So if you look at the US balance sheet, it's probably got $60 trillion on its balance sheet and $22 trillion of debt. Look at it from that perspective. And so then you need a plan, 25 year plan.  people doing. Okay. I mean, what are you doing? What are you doing with the money? Okay. How about the $92 billion? You get a $92 billion budget for New York City. $200 billion budget for the state. That's $300 billion. What are you guys doing? That's 8%, 7.75% of the federal government's budget to be spent in the city of New York and the state of New York. What are you guys doing? Where is the money? Where's the audit on the money?  your podcast is about digital currency. And so my conclusion after looking at this thing for a year plus is that I think I think it's sustainable. I think it's going to be here. I think it's going to be to be a I think it's going to be a future where you know better than me. I don't know which currency is going to be there. And but the bot the block chain is going to get tighter and more reformed and more secure. People are going to have more confidence in it.  they don't like it and they're gonna do everything they can to disrupt and break it. The last thing I'll say is you said something earlier that I think is the absolute key, which is you, I, others probably even listen to this podcast, understand how the game's played. And so we take wealth and we get it out of the currency into real assets and that actually benefit from the inflation, right? What excites me to think about Bitcoin specifically is as they store a value, I think there's a lot of people who, they're not investors, they don't understand  exciting, but also to the unknown.  vertical farming, there'll be artificial intelligence, there'll be increased automation and manufacturing that will probably reduce prices further. There's a lot of great things happening. And so I do think digital currencies will be a big part of that future. For sure. The question everyone wants to know is, do you own any Bitcoin? I don't own any Bitcoin right now. No, but that's not to say that I won't. And it's not to say that I'm not open to potentially creating. You know, we're a fund to fund. So if you said to me, could I have a fund  all the secrets to  Everyone to get into mining and didn't know how don't worry your boy pomps gotcha Everybody got some electricity and Wi-Fi All you got to do is go to coin mine calm you buy a coin mine It's like an Xbox or a PlayStation that helps you turn your electricity into Bitcoin. That's right You purchase it it shows up at your doorstep You pull it out of the box you plug it in connect to your Wi-Fi five minutes or less You're mining Bitcoin all you have to do is control it from the mobile app they provide and then you receive  to the Off The Chain homepage, scroll down until you see the five blank stars. Take 15 seconds to fill those stars in and leave a quick review, goes a long way in helping us take the entire crypto ecosystem to the top of the charts. I appreciate you listening and see you next time on Off The Chain.