 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off. Ben Gortzel is the founder and CEO of SingularityNet, a blockchain-based AI marketplace. In this conversation, we discussed the current state of artificial intelligence, how it could impact the world moving forward, what Ben is doing to build up the two-sided marketplace,  you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  on exchanges or in cold storage for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash Pomp. Again, that's blockfi.com slash Pomp to sign up and start earning  here on the podcast, super excited about this. Thanks so much for taking the time to do this. Thanks for having me. I'm looking forward to being on your show. Absolutely. All right, let's start with your background. You've been working on a lot of this stuff for a long time, so maybe just walk us through your career before SingularityNet. Sure thing. I mean, I got a PhD in mathematics in the late 1980s, and I've been basically doing AI research and development for 30 plus years. I mean, I was  people. And, you know, this last few years has been amazing for AI development. More and more things are working now than ever before due to, you know, more data, faster computers and more people working in the field. So that that both makes those of us who have been in the field a while really excited that, you know, the next five to 10 years are going to be legendary. We may see the breakthrough to AIs that really can think better than people. On the other hand, it also makes us worry about  being rolled out now to help companies and people do their stuff and help people with their lives, but also more of a democratic and participatory basis underlying superhuman AI minds once those finally emerge. For sure. Now, before we kind of dig into some of the nuances here, artificial intelligence gets talked about all the time. Maybe describe a little bit, when you say artificial intelligence, what are the criteria for an actual system  AI has come to encompass pretty much everything that software or hardware can do that we would consider intelligent if people were doing it. And there's a joke in the AI field that as soon as something has been done by machines, then it's considered not AI anymore. So we would have considered solving algebra problems or even dividing huge numbers intelligent. Now we have calculators and programs like MATLAB, that's not intelligent.  artificial general intelligence. And I think that's not the only important distinction, but it cuts through some of the confusion. A narrow AI is an AI that's good at doing one very narrowly defined set of things. And I mean, it could be just placed chess, or it just played board games, or it just drives cars, or it just diagnoses diseases based on medical data. An AGI is a system that  for years and now we're seeing more traction in that direction. Like Microsoft invested a billion dollars in open AI specifically to pursue AGI oriented development and to do it on Microsoft Azure. And I mean, DeepMind that was bought by Google five years ago or something also was explicitly pushing in an AGI direction. So I think what we're gonna see in the next five years or so is a gradual transition like from  huge amounts of data and do precise computations that employ. Then you're going to have an AI that can improve its own programming and get smarter and smarter and smarter. That's what's been called super intelligence. That's a grand vision. Obviously, we're not there yet. What I've been involved in with SingularityNet is practical steps now that are just the next natural steps and the  is terrifying, right? And so that's sort of what incensed me when I get up in the morning to work so hard on what we're doing. For sure. And I think one of the API stories, I think it was confirmed, but it was definitely reported, was that Facebook had created some software and the two different systems started to create their own language. Yeah, unfortunately, that story was a complete load of crap because these were  some AI from my open cog project and from SingularityNet used in it from time to time. But I mean this robot, it's the world's most sophisticated human-oid robot, amazing human-like emotional expressions. And her AI system has a mix of some sort of canned content that's programmed in by people and some learning and reasoning. And that's just too subtle for most people to understand.  you know, who do they place their faith in? Either they place their faith in like the company that made them or the government that regulates them, or do they place their faith in the, you know, the reputation system of the decentralized network that they belong to. And I mean, the latter option is a little subtler, but I think ultimately it's gonna be the best option because I mean, large governments and large corporations  I mean, most of the fears are real in the sense that there's a lot of bad things that could happen, but we don't have any reason to think bad things have a high probability of happening. I mean, the one fear that I think is total BS is like machines are going to enslave people to work for them or use them as batteries or something like in the Matrix. I mean, of course, if a machine was smart enough to do that, it would also be smart enough to create machines to do whatever work it needs.  a plausible fear to have, right? I mean, we don't wake up every morning like, how can I kill more ants or kill more squirrels? On the other hand, if we want to build a house, we don't mind flattening a bunch of ants and destroying a bunch of squirrels' homes because we just consider ourselves superior and more important to them, right? And then we preserve some of them in national parks and stuff, but we want to preserve the species of squirrels. We don't really care about preserving each individual squirrel very much.  problem, we need the superhuman AI to be more compassionate and kind and ethical than humans are, which may be considered a low bar in a sense if you look at human society, but I mean it's not a foregone conclusion. So we need to be training the first AIs to really be compassionate and loving to all sentient beings so that they'll be nice to us once they're more powerful than us. So then you look at what is AI being used for in the world today?  on applying AI for loving and compassionate applications. And that's, I mean, yeah, we can't, we can't obviously change everything the world is doing with AI, but we can shift the balance in a more positive direction and that can help things in the near term as well as hopefully filling the early stage mind of the emerging super-world.  AI platform and marketplace. So I mean it's a singularity net platform now in the Beta version 2 not the 1.0 release yet, but there's a version that works. It's reasonably scalable There's a bunch of a eyes working in it doing various, you know vision processing and biology data analysis and so on so this It's basically it's an AI marketplace. So anyone can put an AI agent into the marketplace  called a Society of Minds, where the different AIs in the network, they're sharing information, they're outsourcing work to each other, they're cooperating, and then the whole network of AIs in the singularity net, you know, in itself has an intelligence beyond the intelligence of the individual AIs in the network. So I mean, where we are now, we built this platform, we put some cool AI tools into the platform,  to spur AI developers to use the platform. And then on the demand side, we're doing a bunch of different things. But one thing is we formed a spin-off company called Singularity Studio, which is a separate for-profit company. And it's sort of like you have Ethereum and Consensus. So you have Linux and Red Hat, right? So we have Singularity Net, which build the open decentralized platform.  I think the AI services offered in the marketplace are really, they're mostly aimed at relatively knowledgeable developers who are, they're building products, they're building websites, and they need an AI component to their product. And they could use an AI service in Google Cloud or Amazon Web.  take the head and face of a star model and sort of morph it onto the body of a less famous model, but who was cheaper to get to pose in various places, right? So then you're sort of making a mashup of different models who are all in your own portfolio so that you can show the star models in a lot of different poses and locations without having to pay them to go  the AI component inside that application. And that example illustrates some fairly common aspects, which is you often have business customers who have their own data that they want to use to drive some AI application, but they don't have the AI wizardry to leverage their data to do what they want. And so we can provide AI tools that a developer can integrate and apply to  style transfer services and stuff that can help with that. And you can then access this software on our platform, provide the AI wizardry inside your own domain specific application. Or if you're a biologist who's analyzing DNA data and you have a bunch of DNA for people with prostate cancer, you want to understand what genes are important for prostate cancer and why to help develop new therapeutics. Again, we have Bio-Ace  deep inside your product. So I think that the platform in itself is really geared toward technical people, toward product developers who would otherwise either have to build their own AI code or use some service on Google Cloud or Amazon Cloud or Microsoft Azure. We're giving an alternative to build it yourself and an alternative to big company AI services.  Set of customers are looking at is large corporates and that's a bit different. So I think a small company or an AI startup is going to just use the AI services in our platform directly and You know, that's the cheapest thing to do and you can be very creative and then you combine different AI services together On the other hand if you're a large corporation, you may just want you know a very polished product that serves exactly the function  corporations where the AI backend draws on the decentralized singular AI network. And I view this as the best of both worlds. It's somewhat analogous to you have Linux, which is free and open source, and then you have Red Hat, which is doing enterprise Linux. And it was a for-profit company recently, powered by IBM for like $34 billion. Or you have Ethereum, and then you have Consensus, which is sort  the demand side of the problem of platform community growth that we face, right? Because with SingularityNet, I mean, having launched the beta version two, which is a scalable version of the SingularityNet platform, you know, it works, it allows us to deliver AI services at scale, it allows different AIs to talk to each other and coordinate with each other. But for such a thing to really flourish unique supply, which is people putting AI into the network,  is to do something like Singularity Studio where you're building heavily polished domain specific products aimed at big companies to get them using the platform. And I mean, we've been, as one example, within Singularity Net, we've been working closely with Cisco Systems and we've been working with them on some applications aimed at car traffic analytics. So using deep neural nets together  using the AI tools that we have developed, which are then made available on SingularityNet Marketplace. And right now, it's been a sort of custom thing, we're working on together with Cisco, but then AI on SingularityNet platform for car traffic analytics, a next step will be to productize that. And then we have a product which we could potentially license to Cisco or to anyone else who needed  customer, I mean they may think it's cool that there's this blockchain-based decentralized network and some AGI technology behind it, but ultimately what they care about is they're getting their problems solved, right? And so I think that's an example of the type of approach we're taking in Singularity Studio where we're taking the trouble to develop a pretty full-featured vertical market specific product for some customer that backends on the network, but you also want  We've built some infrastructure, we've built some platforms, we've actually worked through a bunch of technical headaches to make tools that are decentralized in their infrastructure and actually do something useful. Now, you know, now we're in the situation of competing with the big boys, right? Because we need to get developers to use our tools and need to get customers to use the stuff on our platforms.  crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending and card payment. Everything you could want at crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  I'm Sencha and thank you later.  is a beneficial singularity. That's why it's called singularity. But obviously, there are a few intermediate sub-goals along the way, right? So I mean, an intermediate sub-goal, which is still very big, is I want to see a substantial fraction of the AI on the planet running in decentralized networks that are controlled in a democratic and participatory way. So I mean, we don't need to monopolize all the AI on the planet.  on the planet Earth. And I mean, I think that's the right platform for the next stage, which is the transition from narrow AI to general intelligence and then the emergence of benevolent super intelligence. So then, you know, practical stuff like analyzing genetics data or helping a modeling agency do, you know, image transfer of faces from one scene to another or helping Cisco with car traffic analytics. These very practical  using kind of some sort of incentive pool to get others to create it and contribute. Where's that coming from if you consider that kind of the supply side? So, so far the tools on the beta version two marketplace, I mean, these are either in house or they're developed by other groups that we're pretty close partners with. So, I mean, we've used token based incentives  examples of what the platform can do. And what we're going to be launching later this year, the request for AI portal, which basically has a list of, hey, if you develop this, then we'll reward you with this many tokens. If you develop that, we'll reward you with this many tokens. And then then we're inviting the community to post new requests for AI on that portal. Like if you, if you want some AI developed, post a request here,  this fall, which we're pretty excited about. I mean, we've been doing things in-house and with close partners because the development tools have been a bit raw, but now that the beta version 2 is much more mature and easy to use. So with the launch of the request for AI portal later this fall, we're going to make a big push to get third party developers to put stuff on the platform. And then that, I mean, that's what the  going through contracts with specific corporations, getting large corporates on. On the other hand, launching the request for AI portal this fall to make this sort of systematic way to guide the token incentivized AI development. I mean, that's building demand and supply on the network. And I mean, that's what we need to do to really make this grow. So I mean, our big goal in 2018 and 19  sort of flourishing ecosystem there. And then that's where you have the conditions for really radical exponentially growth over the few years after that. For sure. One of the things that to me is so interesting here is these businesses can get very big, very fast because of the global nature of them. How do you think about kind of focusing on one geography or jurisdiction?  because if you look at what we're trying to do with getting a lot of different AI into the platform, so the supply side, part of what will make our platform successful is that we can take contributions from brilliant AI guys in Russia, in Mongolia, in India, in Azerbaijan, in Ghana, in Honduras, wherever they are. So if you have a brilliant AI developer with a new idea for a new AI algorithm, if you're sitting in Azerbaijan or  that comes along with being a decentralized network that's not tied to a very specific corporate business model or jurisdiction. And I mean, so on the other hand, that naturally will lead to serving customers all around the world. Because I mean, if you have a bunch of AI developers in Azerbaijan who are contributing AI to the singularity net platform,  were located in mostly northern Europe and US. Got it. Before I wrap up, I was to do rapid fire set of questions. What do you think is the most important company in crypto other than your own? I've been very excited by the Choda ecosystem, TODA. I think the Choda guys have solved the scaling problem that is plagued blockchain technologies. And we're working on an experimental port of Singular  Well, I mean, I mean, the regulations that are known you most actually aren't about crypto. They're more about experimentation regarding biology. I mean, I would love to see regulations change. So if any seeing non retarded consenting Adele wanted to try some medical therapy, they're allowed to do so.  or radical new forms of value exchange that haven't been invested yet, invented yet. I mean, these shouldn't be regulated as securities. There should be freedom of anyone, whether they're an accredited investor or not, to invent or to invest in or purchase or whatever, like any cryptographic entity they want. And the government can protect against fraud and people lying and saying something is what it isn't.