 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcast in crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  buying, earning, lending, and card payment. Everything you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  As many of you know, crypto investors store their digital assets on exchanges or in cold storage for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com.  If you're new to Bitcoin and crypto, you can test the waters with their $100,000 virtual trading feature. But if you're more experienced, you can create custom technical charts and use eToro social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees and so you never miss out. They also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to Bitcoin and crypto markets today.  crypto bobby aka real name Rob but crypto bobby thanks for coming to do this. Thanks for having me. Appreciate the time. Absolutely. We got the live stream going people are being obnoxious as usual. I think that we just saw I love you a couple of times. But we'll have fun with this background. What did you do before you became crypto bobby? A couple different things. So I my first job at a college was in it recruiting.  What's Bitcoin? And naturally the first thing I did that night when I went home was I read more about it and found out that you could use your computer to earn free magic internet money. So I went ahead and watched the YouTube video and started mining Dogecoin that night. And then, what a legend, since my first job out of college, I didn't exactly have a ton of money. So I also did what any entrepreneurial young chap would do is I signed up for a bunch  from AWS and Microsoft Azure and you were using that to mine crypto? That's pretty smart actually. I mean, it was like $100 of free credits and I was probably making, God knows, not much money at all. But it felt like a smart idea at the time, probably was a huge waste of my time. But it was something where I was just kind of getting familiar with it and I was in the process of getting a master's degree in information systems at the time and the process of  getting into it, it wasn't necessarily like I really understood the kind of the finance elements or the economics elements behind Bitcoin or Not necessarily dogecoin dogecoin was fun for a while but I didn't necessarily understand those components as much as I was really interested by the fact that you could like basically print money from your computer, which as a 23 year old kid, I was like, oh this is kind of appealing so I kind of dove in that way  So, I mean it became pretty unprofitable to to do anything like the free credits in life probably did that four or five times So it wasn't necessarily like I was as paying right with that. I probably made a hundred bucks maybe But even the mining with the Bitcoin 86 became pretty Unprofitable pretty quickly. So I just kind of stopped that and would kind of dollar cost average into Bitcoin on occasion and really just focused on my day job, which was recruiting and then software sales  so  that  That was the most wild. There was one time I was sitting in my office at home recording a live stream and there were 4,000 people on the live stream and I was just sitting there with a couple beers in me just like, what is it? There are 4,000 people that are watching this and here I am like the next morning waking up at eight o'clock in the morning to have a discovery call about accounting software and there's 4,000 people that are watching this and it was like my  What else do you think they're gonna be drinking as well while watching the live stream? It was just kind of like whatever people want to be doing. Typically the majority of my audience would be US based so I would do it let's say sometimes seven, eight, nine. Basically after I was done with work I would log in and then yeah I would ask people like how you ask people on your stream hey where are you watching in from? I'd say where are you watching in from and what are you drinking? And it would be everything from like crazy IPAs to Bud Light to  accounting software.  eventually doing at that point in time was I would apply to different jobs. I would just hear nothing back and a lot of people would reach out to me about interviews on the podcast and eventually what I started to look at was okay, if somebody's reaching out to me about an interview, I am going to check their check the company if I know of the company, I'll check their website and I'll look at it and say oh wow they actually have a job opening so I'd reply back to their interview and say hey, you know what? Love to have you on my podcast. By the way, I saw you had a business development role.  left Oracle to work in the crypto industry full time. How freeing was it to shed the man and enter into the world where people are freaking half crazy and frankly half overly ambitious? It was really interesting. I mean, I actually really liked software sales. If like the Bitcoin industry as a whole wouldn't come around, I feel like I'd still be doing that for sure. I think that's a great job for anybody that's ever interested in that.  try to build things, try to learn things as much as possible. And it was really awesome to be able to go into an office every day and just be able to work with like-minded people who were passionate about Bitcoin, passionate about Ethereum, were really interested in seeing the industry grow. So that was my favorite part about it. And you go from that to starting a business in this space. Talk a little bit about what you're doing now and kind of what the genesis for starting Proof of Talent was. Sure. So in 2019, I was,  Well it's Friday, right? It's never too early on a Friday. People on the livestream think you need milk. I don't know why, but that's what they're saying. Water for the buffalo chicken cake. Thank you, I appreciate that. We're going to get to the Jets and the buffalo chicken in a minute. Keep going. Don't do the Jets for me, please. So I was just thinking a little bit about long term, where I could add the most value in the industry, and at the time what I thought was kind of a crazy idea to start a recruiting firm, and I did a bunch of research.  How do you handle hiring? What are your thoughts? Do you see a demand? And basically every time there was just a conversation about like some of the business challenges when I was trying to do some market research, almost every single CEO is like hiring is a huge problem for us. It's a really big issue. And we're just not able to hire fast enough. So just kind of put a bunch of wheels into place and ended up deciding to leave full time with fluidity to start.  to get into the industry. On the employer side, what are some of the trends you see and some of the challenges that they're facing? Sure. So yeah, I think you summarized it well. I mean, basically, proof of talent. I practiced. Last night, I stayed up late to practice that one little speech. So proof of talent is pretty much like a, it's basically a matchmaker between companies that are hiring and talent. And so for the companies that are hiring, I think you've seen and have an interesting, just like with the industry, how things have changed since 2017,  where I think like for me, the majority of the companies that I work with are trying to fill those gaps. I think previously, what you've seen is like the only successful companies have been the basically exchanges for the most part. Like the companies that have done really well have been cryptocurrency exchanges. And in 2016, 2017, you had a lot of token sales and ICOs with these lofty goals. And for the most part, the vast majority of them have not panned out. And with that,  And that is one of the areas where I think people have to kind of prove their ability to succeed because you have these companies that everybody is building the next big thing, but kind of proving that you're able to is really important when trying to attract that next generation of talent. All right. So the employer side is obviously the businesses are going to do what they're going to do. We already have people asking in the live stream things like college grad with programming, smart contract experience.  might be like a smattering of business operations legal, but for the majority, it's engineering type roles or development type roles. And for the most part, companies are really looking and interested in people that have experience with like core technology outside of the blockchain or cryptocurrency world. Whether that might be like a backend engineer that has experience with Java or C++ at a startup or a larger tech company,  and having blockchain experience going into it from day one. Got it. And then let's get into a little bit of like advice people, right? So what are some of the do's and don'ts? Let's start with the don'ts, right? So there's a bunch of people who they want to get jobs and they either kind of shotgun out to a bunch of companies, they come to you, whatever. What are the big mistakes that they're making that they shouldn't do anymore? So I think that and coming from  connections I think really make a big difference. And so if you are somebody that I think networking is like a huge, huge thing to be successful within the job search is going to if you're in a large city going to different crypto meetups and trying to meet people there or even like Twitter and Telegram are still I think hugely important and helpful. Like you can be in any location in the world.  helping people do that through buying, earning, lending, and card payment. Everything you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  and thank me later.  You could be a college grad, you could have whatever 10 years of experience on Wall Street doesn't necessarily matter. I think that proving your actual interest within the industry is really important. And there's a couple different ways that you can do that. And why I say this is because a lot of people, when you're having, I have conversations with job candidates multiple times a day. And there's a lot of times where you know, you speak to somebody and they'll say, hey, I'm really interested in Bitcoin or Ethereum or whatever it is.  I'm interested even if I'm working a full-time job doing something completely different. On the other end of the spectrum, if you're a software engineer, one of the easiest things that you can do is find a project that you're passionate about and contribute. Basically, the entire industry is built on an open source ethos. So if you find something that you like, contribute a little bit, put a little bit of effort in, and just build up your GitHub profile a little bit, and I think that will go a long way as far as just ultimately  that are probably harder, and I wanna hear your thoughts on, are folks like business development, or marketing, how do you think about what they can do before they actually go in to apply for a job to kind of show value or prove their worth, if you will? In some cases, it might be doing something that's a side project in addition to your full-time job. If you're working in marketing and you want to maybe help somebody out for five hours a week on the side, that could be something that's interesting. Or if you're in sales,  of just like helping and kind of being involved within the industry is really important for a lot of people. Absolutely. We've got people in the comments. Catherine Cooley, CEO of Finance US saying, I am hiring looking for active folks who successfully drove results at scale. Versatility is key. Perfect example of somebody who's saying, look, we're hiring and we're looking for people who can drive results and who actually have skills, but it's not necessarily  experience your background, what you bring to the table is the most appealing thing to somebody else. And ultimately you have to sell yourself to the company. They have to sell them to you as well, because hopefully you'll have multiple opportunities that you can choose from. But that's something that you want to always try to put the best package forward for a company to look at. For sure. All right, we'll come back to hiring in a second, but I gotta ask two questions. One, you're a fanatic when it comes to Buffalo Chicken. What's going on with that?  the price of Ethereum would be up 50% or the price of Bitcoin would be up 30% and I'd be like I need to eat more Buffalo chicken wraps and it just kind of like Turned into this running joke and I also could eat like a buffalo chicken wrap like three times a day unfortunately, I haven't found any like super great ones in New York City, so I'm still still struggling for that but Yeah, it just it it rolled. All right So we're gonna go from something you love which by the way McDonald's if they had a buffalo chicken wrap would be even better but  a  went to the first Jets game, tailgated, super pumped. What was the score? It was 16-0, and they blew 16-0 lead, lost 17-16, because of two missed field goals. And then our starting quarterback, who is, I think, going to be, I think Sam Darnold's going to be awesome, but gets mono and is out for at least a month. And I haven't heard of anybody above like 15 years old getting mono since I never. So that's just the Jets luck is your starting quarterback gets mono, your backup quarterback breaks mono,  Where can people go if they're looking for jobs in the space? With proof of talent in terms of what's the best way for them to get in touch with you, and where can they go? Sure, so with proof of talent, I'm really trying to build a company that people on the job seeking side really think of as a place to go and reach out to us when they are looking for opportunities. Whether they're looking within the space, they're already working at a company in the crypto industry, or if they're looking from outside, they're trying to make their way in.  a bunch of different things and also if you're looking for different positions, you could certainly reach out as well. And then on Twitter, my DMs are open, which is something I had closed DMs forever and once I started the new business, I was like, you know what, I gotta open them and that's been an interesting experience. What's the craziest thing and the most valuable thing that you've been DM'd? The level of C-level executives at large companies that will come into  I still utilize LinkedIn and I think that's, it's helpful but the organic conversations that you have on Twitter are I think a lot more, at least for me just because that's like where I have the most audience and I've built up the most relationships, there's definitely more of a kind of an organic feel I feel like.  CryptoBobby.com. So that was basically people are like, why do you go by Bobby? I'm like, does CryptoRob.com, wasn't available on GoDaddy. I almost don't wanna admit this, but one of the URLs I bought, I think a pretty long time ago, PompBitcoin.com. It's actually a pretty good one, Pompit. I'm probably not gonna do anything with it. Pompit.com, but the fact that that was available and I got it made me so happy.  just kind of eyebrow raising moves in terms of I feel like they've gone from one of the most conservative companies in the crypto space to if you saw yesterday considering adding a bunch of new telegram and handshake and probably 15 different assets. So I feel like they've definitely taken a more retail approach. And I'm interested to see how that pans out for Coinbase given their user base and their pull on the industry rather than some of the more institutional  as a new New York resident having to deal with that. It's something that I feel like every other, every different crypto exchange or product or anything, it's like we're available in 49 states minus New York. So for very selfish reasons and also because I think it's onerous for companies to comply with, the bit license is something that I'd love to see changed. At some point they're either gonna have state by state regulation or federal regulation. If the federal regulation comes in, they may get rid of the state.  of valuations in minutes and seconds basically it feels like. And I think Phil Knight going from like $8,000 in sales his first year with Nike and wasn't even Nike was Blue Ribbon to like $16,000. Basically doubling in sales from absolutely nothing to being a multi multi billionaire over the course of like 20, 30 years is such a like an inspiring story just around dealing with adversity. So that's probably the most interesting and important book for me.  of a human being able to prove contact with an alien or the Jets going 16 and 0 in your lifetime? Definitely aliens. There's zero percent chance, like negative zero percent chance the Jets will ever go 16 and 0. So yeah, and if they do, they'll probably not make it to the Super Bowl. So yeah, aliens definitely. So I originally started asking the question and people in the livestream seem to remember alien pets. That's where it came from was I was like,  simulation. All right to finish up and then we'll take a couple of questions from the live stream. Let's podcast is over. What question do you have for me? How do you view I don't distribute how do you view distribution? I feel like that's something that you know just about as well as anybody in the crypto space and has underrated importance and would be curious just like generally around your thoughts on on distribution. Highly controversial.