 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  boy out, tell them Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  keeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash POMP. Again, that's blockfi.com slash POMP to sign up and start earning crypto today.  For more experience, you can create custom technical charts and use eToro's social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees, and so you never miss out, they also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android, or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com.  Yeah, thanks for having me. This is gonna be fun. So Trace and I talked a ton and he's got a bunch of really powerful ideas and just been around the Bitcoin space for a long time. So let's start from day one. What were you doing before you ever heard of Bitcoin? Yeah, so I had written a paper on money and currency in American law in law school. So a very deep like academic paper. So I got a good philosophical foundation. Then I started reading Mises and Rothbard  early in video gaming or they were doing nefarious things and they were just looking for a currency and then they usually forgot they had it and then it ended up being worth a lot. Or they spent it. Or they spent it. You specifically were focused on money, you saw it, or we'll get into kind of how you saw it and what you did, but you not only have held, but you've continued to buy. And so the conviction level is off the charts. Right, for me. I mean, I coined the term on Pierre's podcast, noted,  You know, the most important thing you can do is invest in yourself. Like what's the return going to be on that? Like education is the key to opportunity. And a lot of people, you know, they just don't invest in themselves. They don't have that time preference. They don't have the curiosity. And so, you know, luck is when that preparation meets opportunity. And so I had done that, you know, instead of dinking around, like watching TV, like I was reading Mises. Like, I mean, I didn't get lucky. Like people in this, and especially having the conviction to huddle.  a little bit about what you were doing there and kind of what the thesis was.  at a conference in DC. And if you're not familiar with the gold price suppression scheme and the work of GATA, gata.org, the Gold Antitrust Action Committee, you just don't understand how the world works. Like, I mean, you just don't, you just don't get it. What's the website? GATA? GATA, GATA.org. And because the central banks, they hold gold in the vault and gold out on loan as the same line item, they're reporting cashing outs receivable as the same thing. We're talking about something that they can't print.  relevant compared to your power to issue what we use as currency. And so, you know, they're propping up their fiat paper franchises and it, I mean, it's just, so that whole area was huge, you know? And so I'd started Run to Gold in 2008. What was that? Runtogold.com, just a blog. I'd write about monetary and economic stuff and then the first week of 2009, I published my book, The Great Credit Contraction, asserted that it had started  I don't know, capital's gonna all burrow into treasuries, because those are safe and liquid. And then they'll eventually evaporate into nothing through hyperinflation, but that's gonna be down the road. And only when the capital moves from them to something lower in the pyramid, which will be gold and silver at the time when I've published the book, or increasingly it looks like it's gonna become Bitcoin. And so, Bitcoin was a very natural fit into my thesis on the great credit contraction. Coincidentally, I give an example  and  and economics, gold, et cetera, they were learning from you when you were writing about it. Yeah, and I specifically targeted them. Because I was thinking about this, it's like, okay, if this really plays out and we have this wealth transfer, the life of it's the world's never seen, which is gonna be huge, once in a species opportunity, triple entry bookkeeping, sound as hard as money, who do I wanna have be the benefits of that? Be the benefits of that wealth transfer.  Peter Schiff, you know Bitcoin's $8 and we're at an investment conference in Palm Springs. We have all the interview equipment out because I just finished it with the Future Money Trends guys. Peter Schiff walks by, I knew him from Ron Paul and they're like, we started having a conversation and they're like, hey, why don't we put this on like recording, put it up on YouTube. And Peter's just like, you know, weaseling his way out of it. And he finally makes the statement. He's like, no, I don't want to because you'll make me look stupid. It's like, oh,  going away, not going anywhere. So now we get to be a little bit more competitive in this next decade. Well, so one of the things that you've told me previously that fascinates me is when you first started writing about it, it was somewhat from a bent of like, oh, we may have missed this, right? Even though it was still what, a dollar, five dollars, I don't know what the price was, but it had gone from three tenths of a penny to whatever it was. Like 30 bucks. To 30 bucks. Crash to two dollars. And there was a sense that  And if the Punta Protection team tries to, they're gonna get wrecked. Because they can't deliver fake big ones. So, like. The thing that keeps the traditional market stabilized is not available here and therefore you get the volatility. But we've been trained, I think, and educated that the volatility is bad and that the markets are bad when they're hyper-volatile. But actually it's a very natural thing. Yeah, no, it's actually a wonderful process of price discovery and allocating the different resources. And Mises even writes about this.  Right, in terms of, so we've had it a decade, it's not going anywhere, everything you've said so far, I pretty much agree with. How do you look at Bitcoin given the rest of the macro economy, some of the issues that we're seeing as warning signs in the legacy system, and then where that asset is today and how it kind of can play out over the next few years? Yeah, I mean, we're building the replacement, Bitcoin's the lifeboat, the current system is burning, like how long are you gonna stay on it? The losses are gonna have to get realized by somebody.  and then the co-integration that helps prove that model. I think that's very important. So now we're, like if you're managing large amounts of assets, you have to, like, you're totally negligent if you aren't seriously considering Bitcoin in part of the portfolio. So I started saying this probably last year, so 2018, where it was more so when my partners and I go in to go talk to these institutions, there's a tipping point, right? And I wasn't so much claiming like we were at the tipping point as much as we were getting close  Mark Yousko, my partner who's been in the asset management business 25, 30 years now, saying something like that is very kind of hyperbole, right? And just, it was a little uncomfortable. And then I started thinking more and more about it. Now he's like, no, no, no, actually, there's a lot of validity in that because the data is the data, right? What it promises to do is exactly what those institutional investors are supposed to be looking for.  where I put out about Bitcoin stock to flow in like 2014 and 2015. And so then Safety and I wrote the Bitcoin Standard was just totally the book I would write if I weren't lazy. He did an excellent job with that book and I just can't praise him enough on that. Part of the reason I did a legendary series with him on my Bitcoin Knowledge Podcast, five episodes, I highly recommend people listen to those, along with the series I did with Adam Back. And so we got that and then  is  And most importantly, I'd say it's a form of economic censorship. And what this gold price suppression scheme has done is it's effectively censored interest rates, which are a vital mechanism to allocate resources in the economy and over time. And so if Bitcoin really is censorship resistant, it's going to be able to withstand economic censorship, which I think is going... And when that happens, now we no longer have a centrally-planned global economy using fiat currencies and fractional  It's like, oh my gosh. It's scary how accurate it is. It's not just scary. It's so scary that he said you could go back and use only the data up through like mid 2011 and still come out with the same model. So it's been sitting there for everybody to discover, right? And then like Black Scholes, I was listening to one of his podcasts and he's talking about Black Scholes, the guys, it was out there publicly available for a decade before like portfolio managers decided to start using it.  It's coming January 3rd. You imagine global coordinated bank run on an asset that's strictly limited in amount that everybody can verify with a full node that they can run on a Raspberry Pi. It's crazy. And we're gonna do this every year, this proof of keys. And these banks, they say you have a problem in the repo market right now. I mean, just wait. All right, so on the stock to flow stuff, the accuracy is really, really scary, but describe. And it's been proven on the cointegration. So explain what that means.  that we can learn from the math. And I don't think we should run away from the math if it's hard to do. So I like to first make sense of it in terms of the philosophy and the logical argument, and then I like to apply the best tools I can, whether that's may or multiple or econometrics or whatever. Anyways, so they looked at the cointegration and tried to falsify the hypothesis to say it was a spurious correlation, and actually it's cointegrated. So that means  the value, right? So the way that I think of the value. Well, price, right? Well, I mean, value is subjective. Yeah, the value meaning that is what if without human access and greed, right? This is where the price is going to go. What I think you see though is in the euphoria when you go from 10 to $20,000 price points. And that's your mayor multiple, right? Exactly. So explain what the mayor multiple is. Yeah. So first, I didn't coin it. I'm not. Oh, really? I'm not that way. No, but press and pitch for the eight point investors podcast.  And then it's like, oh, I'll just like I'll put it in the numerator and the denominator and then I'll cancel it out So I take the current price and the 200-day moving average and that gives me and then I get to cancel out the dollar signs Right and I actually did an interview with anthem Blanchard Because his father helped get gold re legalized and and you know Blanchard Blanchard and company founded it But and we talked about this, you know It's kind of a secret decoder ring where you can cancel out the dollar sign in the equation and so that  And in between is what? And in between is kind of fairly valued. And I like to look at like one, two, and three standard deviations on both sides and create bands. And so, you know, good example of practically applying this because I've started trading the derivatives. So in December of 2018, you know, Bitcoin's at what, $4,000? Probably lower than that, yeah. And volatility was kind of low, vol was low, and so on LedgerX, guess what I did? What? I bought 77.  help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. This rate actually compounds, so you receive a 6.2% APY, which is very attractive given the alternatives. So you can actually take your Bitcoin, you can deposit it with BlockFi and get paid an interest rate of 6% in return. Go check out blockfi.com slash POMP, again blockfi.com slash POMP to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today.  So basically I'm up 3.7x in Bitcoin based on the capital that I deployed. On top of the price appreciation of Bitcoin. Yeah, measured in Bitcoin, the options are now worth 3.7x in Bitcoin of what I paid for them. So I'm actually generating significant alpha versus just holding Bitcoin itself. Yep, for sure. Right? And that's before I ran into Plan B stuff. So like you take Plan B and stock to flow,  You're like how much lower can this thing go? It's like probably not much over the next 18 months, especially with a haven thrown in there And so boom, you know bought those things I mean, I'll probably who knows how much I'll make on those things if we if we have 55k Bitcoin whoo, holy cow that that that $1,500 premiums gonna turn into like $50,000. Yeah, right crazy So let's talk a little bit about the structural issues in the legacy system right now. Obviously you  some banks are paying 10% interest for overnight cash. Like this is crazy, like why are you, you're so leveraged and in such a bad position that you gotta pay 10% interest to like not go bankrupt I guess or whatever. And we really don't have any transparency into what's going on. Yeah, I'd sure like to know who it is. So I can short them. And really it's if you know that they're paying 10% on the money that they're borrowing overnight,  didn't get funded. Yeah, we were basically saying it's the first day 53 billion second day 75 billion. Yeah, and then they did 75 the next day. But on Wednesday, the second day of the facility or the overnight cash, basically, there's $80 billion of need only $75 billion got there. And so that $5 billion delta is not a good sign. Well, yeah, that means somebody somebody needed $5 billion of overnight cash and they get it. And so what's the and I'd like to know that  Like you need that liquidity, safety and liquidity, right? And so you, what's the number one killer of businesses? The number one killer is cashflow. Not necessarily that you have a profitable or unprofitable business, it's that you mismatch your cashflows. And when I did my accounting degree, my absolute favorite financial statement was the cashflow statement. Because that's what matters, you know? It's like, where's everything you need to know? Tells you everything, how healthy the company is.  it's living paycheck to paycheck, doesn't have a line of credit anymore, and they go into bankruptcy. And then it starts getting fun because we have counterparty risk. Counterparty risk being that's where you're reliant on the financial ability of the counterparty to perform. And so, what happens when you've written a massive derivative and the counterparty fails? Well now, I think what is it, the nominal becomes notional?  I don't trust how they're valuing their assets. And I guess part of this is people will say, okay, let's agree that everything you're saying is corrected in the legacy financial system. How does Bitcoin fix this? Right? That kind of one of these new memes is that there is a plan B, right? Or that Bitcoin does fix this. How do you think about that either transition or that solution entering the financial world? Well, I mean, what's so beautiful about gold and Bitcoin is that they are equity based. They are nobody's liability.  collapse of all of these institutions. We want them to fail. We don't want them to get bailed out. Yeah. What do you think about the ethical implications in terms of the people who get hurt if that happens? Well, you know, Bitcoin has been around for a decade. It's been on all the major news stuff. Like what you doing being greedy, like trying to get a get a higher return by having money in this over leveraged bank. Like why were you doing that? You know, why didn't you put money in Bitcoin? You know, so  They have failures of Bitcoin companies because they don't have the Bitcoins that they owe everybody. And I'm like, what's wrong with that? I mean, let's mark to market all of these losses. Why are we extending and pretending? I wanna know who's got what and who owns what. I mean, I know what I own, you know, because it's in my little hand. Prove the keys. Let's prove who's actually got the assets and have the value.  Announced proof of keys a week later. He met with his attorney to set up a will week after that he died in India You know a couple couple weeks later proof of keys a couple weeks after that quadra you see X goes into bankruptcy And we have a whole bunch of people waiting in line Thinking that they might get 10 cents on the dollar if that's or mouth got lucky Right so like you know but the moral implications you know it's it's not The the people who have the assets at these institutions  that thing where you made an early investment and cross your fingers, hope it works out and go do other things. Like you were still actively buying derivatives, you're acquiring Bitcoin, et cetera. Maybe talk a little bit about your philosophy just as someone who was early, but still is very active and convicted. Yeah, so I mean, how do I last resort? And like, what else are you gonna buy? I mean, I don't wanna buy real estate. I mean, buy real estate in Chicago? Like they're just gonna jack up your property taxes. Guess what?  be a hot or a blast resort and you're gonna be exposed to all this volatility, why not get paid for it? So I love selling these calls on Ledger X and then I turn around and I take the premium from the calls and I sell puts. And I'm outside of these different mayor multiple bands and I actually have a pretty complex algorithm that spits out all this stuff using plan B's and I'm tinkering on it and stuff too but at the end of the day I'm able to either acquire a lot more USD or I end up acquiring  the  are  was helping Charlie Shrim and Eric Voorhees plan the first Bitcoin conference in San Jose in 2013. And I paid for a bunch of expenses and stuff. And so they were supposed to reimburse me. And if you ever try to get Charlie Shrim to send you Bitcoin, it takes a little while. He understands cash is king, right? So eventually, two, three weeks later, he finally sent the Bitcoins to me. But I still have those Bitcoins. And I mean, those things are like,  either incompetent with your financials or you're engaged in fraud. Either way, I can't invest in you. And I don't want to pay for your criminal defense attorney, which is exactly what ended up happening, right? There was another exchange I looked at before cracking, interviewing the CTO who didn't, I mean, all the hacker type questions just went right over his head. So pass on that one. They eventually brought on as their chief compliance officer, one of the rogue Silk Road agents. This is now in jail, so dodged a bullet there.  Mr.