 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcast in crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  exchanges or in cold storage for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash pomp again. That's blockfi.com slash pomp to sign up and start earning  $100,000 virtual trading feature. But if you're more experienced, you can create custom technical charts and use eToro's social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees, and so you never miss out. They also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android, or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to Bitcoin and crypto markets today.  and we don't have too too long, but we want to sit down real quick and talk a little bit about his background, how he originally discovered Bitcoin, what he's doing at ShapeShift, and go from there. So thanks so much for taking the time to do this. Yeah, thanks for having me on the show. For sure. Let's start with the background. What did you do kind of pre-Bitcoin, crypto, et cetera? Well, immediately pre-Bitcoin, I was in New Hampshire as part of the Free State Project. What is that? The Free State Project was basically a crazy idea to get  somewhere else?  Saw a Facebook post about it from a friend in the free state project read an article I was like that sounds stupid but I read another one another one and then by the second or third article I was totally hooked the the idea of being able to move money for free anywhere without anyone being able to stop you was so obviously valuable and interesting that I I Completely got obsessed with it and instantly gave up everything productive. I was doing and just totally fell down the rabbit hole So what'd you do first?  My background is in monetary economics just by as a hobby of mine. And so I really latched onto it as like the way that the world can use money without governments being involved. Got it. And so we probably don't have time to get into Bit Instance story and kind of some of the earlier projects that you did. If people want to, they can go read Ben Merzik's book, Bitcoin Billionaires, that covers on some of it. But one of the things that you did do that most people listening to this  either get more Bitcoin back or you would lose your Bitcoin that you sent in. And the reason it was so awesome was that it was provably fair. So you could actually prove after a bet that the odds were correct and they were what we said they were. And because it was Bitcoin, it demonstrated that people could send money anywhere in the world instantly. They didn't have to know who I was. They didn't have to trust Satoshi Dice. It just demonstrated the power of Bitcoin itself and the power of cryptography to verify these kind of rules.  to Panama to co-found Coinapult, which was essentially just a Bitcoin wallet. So I was down in Panama for a year. I decided I wanted to leave that and move back to the US and I had an idea for ShapeShift as I was planning to move back. So ShapeShift got started in early 2014. And so what was the original idea that you started with and then how has it evolved from there to what you're doing today?  So I built Shapeshift first just as a tool and it started growing and growing and then you know as the as when aetherium came out the explosion of different assets really took off the 2017 bubble was absolutely crazy and So it at some point between you know little side project and and today it became a real company and at this point We're about 75 people And so how is the business? Evolved like 2017 obviously was this crazy  kind of due course of business and going from there?  group of core people that get fascinated by the technology. So ShapeShift really hasn't changed post bubble. What has changed is that ShapeShift implemented KYC accounts in mid or late 2018. That was a fundamental change to the whole business because before that we didn't have any user accounts whatsoever. I'm very vehemently opposed to having to take personal information from people. We did it not because we want to, but because we were forced or compelled to do it.  what the decision making process was to go ahead and add some of it once you were compelled to. Yeah, so fundamentally, I think if you haven't heard anyone, then you deserve to be left alone. And that's really like the basis of my ethical foundation. So when it comes to, I think so. If you haven't heard someone, then you should be free. That's supposed to be the foundation of what America is built on. And so in the context of business, we don't need someone  surveillance apparatus and they forced through law companies to do this. Early on in ShapeShift's history, we felt comfortable enough in the gray area. It wasn't clear whether we would be considered a financial institution and whether we had these kind of legal requirements under US and international laws. After the 2017 bubble, when we grew quite large, we started really looking into this because the gray area was getting less and less comfortable. And we navigated every context  For sure. And I guess as you kind of look out past the KYC AML, right? Do you feel like the US companies are at a disadvantage because of some of this? Or is this something that you see across the world, people having to implement as long as they're interacting at all with legacy financial system? And, you know, how do you think about kind of jurisdiction competition when it comes to the regulatory environments? Yeah. So the US is certainly not alone in these  in these jurisdictions, you start running and increasing the high risk. And that was the risk we weren't comfortable taking anymore. Got it. Are there other regulations that you feel like are onerous or specifically kind of over the top, if you will, and not so much in, you know, I think one part to caveat in this conversation is, you know, we've talked before, and I think most people that know you or others in the industry would say a lot of these beliefs are not rooted in, but  Yeah, I mean fundamentally, you know when you go to When you go to a restaurant they don't KYC you you're permitted to pay anonymously and eat And yet what if the restaurant is serving a terrorist food, right? You would be facilitating terrorism by nourishing the terrorist The same principle applies when it comes to money The vast majority of your customers are good people and haven't done anything wrong. There's not even a suspicion or accusation  life-saving treatments from going to people if they haven't gone through all their tests and people literally die waiting for FDA approval. I could go on and on with this stuff but suffice to say that I wish that America would start moving back toward the principle of individual liberty that we just founded on and it's moved so far from that and I don't see that changing in any meaningful sense.  All you got to do is go to coin mine.com you buy a coin mine It's like an Xbox or a PlayStation that helps you turn your electricity into Bitcoin. That's right You purchase it it shows up at your doorstep You pull it out of the box you plug it in connect to your Wi-Fi five minutes or less You're mining Bitcoin all you have to do is control it from the mobile app They provide and then you receive over-the-air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis Kind of like how Tesla does over-the-air updates  Take your Bitcoin you can deposit it with block fight and get paid an interest rate of 6% in return Go check out block fight comm slash pump again block fight comm slash pump to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today Let's kind of go a little bit more internal to the United States you live in Denver I believe right and Most of the people we've had on the podcast live in New York San Francisco LA somewhere international, but we haven't really talked to folks in  is something that I love. So Denver has been an amazing city. It's definitely not a financial hub, but it's a tech hub at this point. And so it's plenty large for us to hire anyone we need to hire and great food and beautiful place. So I just love living there and I can fly anywhere I need to pretty quickly. So it doesn't get better than that. For sure. Moving back to the crypto space, what other areas are you personally interested in? So outside of the regulation, what are the areas you think are really important right now that people should be paying attention to?  care about the attributes of money and what makes money good. But that's not something that the mainstream public has cared about. The word fiat was never used in normal discourse before Bitcoin came out. And through Bitcoin and the crypto industry and especially through Libra now, politicians and economists are saying the word fiat. They're talking about the attributes of money. They're getting worried that someone like Facebook is coming out with a currency because it could compete with the dollar and harm,  the fiat banking system. But that theme is just really fascinating and is the thing that really gets me excited every day I wake up. You get me excited just talking about it. What's kind of your view if we look out 10, 20 years, what is actually possible? Is it a Bitcoin as a global reserve currency? Is it Bitcoin as a digital gold? It's in everyone's portfolio. What's kind of the new dream? I think a lot of the stuff that's happening now was the dream of eight, nine, 10 years ago, just because it seems so improbable.  matter of course and policy. And people just will at the margins tend to avoid those things and hold their value in something like Bitcoin. So I think this will be incredible because it will restrain the ability of governments to spend money. They won't be able to inflate currency anymore. It means governments will have to shrink. I think you will have some kind of borderless global currency like Bitcoin that everyone around the world will use.  the alternative system to the fiat and banking system? It is definitely looking like we're headed that way. The competitors in the arena, if you will, right now, there's the fiat system that we've seen. There's Bitcoin, which is this decentralized currency. Then you've got what I'll call the corporate coins. This is everything from the Facebooks, but also the JP Morgan's, the Wells Fargo's. They're backing them by $1, et cetera.  digital currencies. So the US dollar is the world's largest digital currency today. All fiat currencies are digital currencies and the fact that there are a few bearer instruments that are physical cash doesn't mean that the fundamental currency isn't digital. So the question of like will will governments make new new digital currencies that are fiat? Yeah they'll probably try because they think that will change things but they will keep control over the system. They'll never relinquish control over their new digital  We're definitely not the most important company in crypto. I think you got to say either Binance or Coinbase due to the effect that they've had. The ability of Binance to move into all these different verticals and seemingly execute very well over and over again has to be admired. And Coinbase, I think more than any other company has brought people into cryptocurrency. So for all their faults, I continue to be a big fan of Coinbase.  sort of the perversion of what money used to be, you know, pre a hundred years ago to what it is now in this fully fiat world. And it just so cohesively demonstrates the moral failings of that process. It was something I read before Bitcoin and it was something that really got me really interested in gold and that really opened my mind so that it was ready for Bitcoin when it happened. But that was absolutely a life-changing book.  in one day or just know that they were on Mars or on the moon or something weird, but yeah, they're definitely out there. Most people who come on, that's their take. It's just mathematic probability is. It's just math. Yeah, it's just that there has to be other living life, or I guess other life, but the one thing is it doesn't have to look like the little slimy green man that we see in movies, right? It could be a whole bunch of other different things. All right, Jeff, end it. What one question do you have for me?  in the sense that I actually don't think that's going to happen. And the reason is, and maybe this is a pipe dreamer, too optimistic on my standpoint, but we've been successful in getting public pensions exposure to Bitcoin. There's now Wall Street banks and financial institutions that are starting to get access. And so it's a question of how much penetration into the quote unquote, the elites or the incumbents can we get before  and kind of why is somebody saying something? One of my partners really says, never ask an incumbent about disruption, right? Because they have very specific views and so I would like to think, and again, maybe too optimistic, but it will be easy to see why certain people are railing against it. It's because they're the ones who have the most to lose, but I think we're gonna have to get to that point to see really what happens. Yeah, I've certainly been happy that the US has been much more tolerant of Bitcoin than many of us feared back in the early days.  in the future to get some updates. Thanks, Pom. Thanks for having me on. Hey, everyone. Pom here. If you like this episode of Off The Chain and want to help us take crypto to the top of the Apple, Spotify, and other podcast charts, please do us a favor and rate, review, and subscribe. To review, simply go to the Off The Chain homepage, scroll down until you see the five blank stars. Taking 15 seconds to fill those stars in and leave a quick review goes a long way in helping us take the entire crypto ecosystem to the top of the charts. I appreciate you listening and see you next time on Off The Chain.