 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcast in crypto. Let's kick this thing off. Alex Zwetsky is the founder of Amber. In this conversation, we discuss Bitcoin maximalism, the intolerant minority, why Bitcoin's community is so important, how investors should view the asset, and why the world hasn't priced Bitcoin properly yet.  the app or visit crypto.com.  and help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash POMP, again that's blockfi.com slash POMP, to sign up and start earning crypto today.  charts and use eToro's social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees and so you never miss out. They also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to Bitcoin and crypto markets today.  I'm in New York, so great way to kick off. First time ever? First time ever. Really? We're going to have to tell you all kinds of cool things to go do. All right, let's start with your background. You live in Australia now, but what did you do pre-Bitcoin? I had a crazy background. So I came out of uni, and I dropped out second year trading the markets in 2007. So I thought I was a genius. I started off by putting my three grand worth of scholarship money in the market.  I was lucky in that I took a little bit of money turned it into a lot more trading foreign currencies in college Lost about half of it. It was still up and walked away. Yeah, thankfully, but but I think that that is a Starting point for a lot of people as they realize You know, you kind of learn by getting thrown into the fire a little bit. Yeah, well, I mean that was the catalyst so I dropped out of uni because at that point in time I had to I had to make  because I had an engineering background so I could design the systems and all that sort of stuff. And I made my first million by the time I turned like 22, 23, and that was sort of my claim to fame in the early days. And then I got my second big lesson in life, which was don't trust the government. And basically, in the industry that I was in, they were handing out rebates and shit to everybody, right? And it effectively worked. If a customer bought a $10,000 system,  thought we fucking nailed it and we're like, all right, sweet. You know, we'll have to transition. The market's going to be slower, but we've got enough systems to last us for a while. And anyway, we went and installed all those systems and in that 10K chunk, there's probably about 10, 15% margin left in that. When it came time to pay out the six grand, the government component, we, um, everyone got 50 cents on the dollar. So well, they ran out of money. Basically that that's the easiest way to put it. So we went from having profit on every job.  While still doing the solar stuff. So it was just it was a really interesting period So I got fucked with that and then I ended up going on the sabbatical And not many people know this but I actually became a vegan for like for like a year and a half I went like that's not allowed in Bitcoin, but his thing I was curious enough to try it and I actually came out of that knowing that that is the fucking dumbest way to eat like it is Okay, absolutely categorically the one week. When did you do this for how long this was in 2012? Okay  much wheat and I just couldn't make it.  into one of my vegan meals, the motherfucker. And I went from there to eating some eggs. And then I don't know if I can say this on the podcast, but I'm gonna fucking say it anyway. Dude, when I started eating some meat again, I had a fucking boner for three weeks. I'm gonna have to remove that. But I swear to God, like, my home, like, I went back to from benching, I was like, I used to bench 220 pounds, and I went down to like 120 pounds. And then I went back to 220 pounds.  thinking that the world was coming to an end and I was stockpiling gold, silver, I was fucking buying solar panels and batteries and prepping for the end of times. Anyway, after that whole sabbatical, I came back to Australia and I spent some time in Singularity University in SV in about 2014 and I was like, holy shit, tech is the way. Came back, I built some payroll automation software, exited that and then built up this recruitment automation software. I got Steve Jobbed  I saw the price, I was like, holy shit, I was like, this is $600 now. Like the last time I'd heard about it, it was like 150 or whatever it was. And I was like, fuck me, like I've just busted my ass working and doing all this sort of stuff. And I could have just put some money into this thing and gone to the Bahamas. So that was my initial hook. And then I need to give credit where credit's due. Like I don't agree with many of Andreas Antonopoulos' stuff these days where he talks about fucking everything's gonna have a token, everything's gonna have a coin. But his initial talks, because I've got a background  He brought a shirt to really get people all upset. It says Bitcoin, not shit coin, Amber.app. So we'll get that out there because he wanted to make sure that everyone knew where this conversation was going early on. Exactly. All right. So let's talk a little bit about Bitcoin maximalism. For those that are listening at home, we've got the live stream going on Twitter right now. So there may be some people who jump in with some questions that we take as well. But Bitcoin maximalism is  even recognize anything other than Bitcoin. And the reason I think this is important is we have a chance at creating a monetary network and a new money that is robust, that is secure, that is available, that is fixed. I think the fixed element is so fundamentally important because if you look at what money is supposed to represent, money is supposed to represent your work,  and  for whether it's fast payments, whether it's, you know, the stupid world computer or whatever other fucking idea that people have taken and tried to use the Bitcoin recipe for. So coming then back to Bitcoin maximalist is the intolerant minority that they represent. So the cohort of people that they represent are I was talking, I was talking to Matt Odell about this last night and we kind of use the example of the B-cash  dumped all of their fucking Bitcoin cash. They dumped any other fork. So that intolerant ability to stick with what you believe in is really unique to the Bitcoin group and the Bitcoin maxis because we come from a core of people who will not compromise, who will not, you know, adjust our values just because it sounds nice or because, you know, you know, we're going to be hurting somebody's fucking feelings or any of that sort of stuff. It is literally Bitcoin  Definitely think people misunderstand, right? So I talk all the time. I say look money is a belief system and Most people will agree with that to some degree and if money is a belief system then Money ends up looking very similar to religion, right? And so if you look at the US dollar literally, you know In God we trust right the full faith and backing of the government all these things are Inherent to money and they have been for a very long time. It would make sense  kind of in the way that we talk about it, but also to attack the ideas that go against it. Well, it feels fanatical to people because people don't appreciate how important money is in society. Like, you know, we've been sort of taught over time that our money is the root of all evil. You know, money is just for these dickheads who are selfish and all this sort of stuff, right? But if you take a moment to think about it, if money is the tool that literally holds the fabric of society together, you cannot have society  If any of the people listening to this or anyone hearing this values anything that you have in life, it's because money actually exists. That's it. Now, the reason why people are so fervent about, you know, something like Bitcoin is because now for the first time in history, we've got a way to represent money that is, that is uncompromising. That is so fucking important because when you can fix that layer, you can really start to  out there and you make a good bet and you make a good decision by and large, not counting for randomness, you get a good outcome. You do fucking something stupid, you get a bad outcome. That is the corrective mechanism of all of life, of all of physics, of all of science. Only in the monetary system do you have a situation where the vast majority of society has to abide by those rules, do something smart, get a good result, do something dumb, get a bad result. Whereas a small subset of society can do whatever the fuck  adding more work, adding more value or doing more for society. That's it. You don't have any other fucking way. So therefore, the only way for you to excel in life or to move forward is by adding value to society or the alternative is you fucking steal. But the beauty of a society like that is you can build property rights into it such that the deterrent to steal is large enough such that people's incentive is to add value and to produce.  where it's basically like a spot price, right? Okay, here's where the currency is. Let's make this transaction. But if you get into more longer term type relationships where I can easily manipulate my currency, you can easily manipulate yours, you end up getting this financial engineering game, right? It's not true. It's quicksand. Literally, we're living in a time of monetary quicksand where nobody knows what the fuck is going on. And you know what? It's not only that we don't know what the other person's doing. We actually have no idea what we're doing.  in the current system is we're literally playing games with shit we don't understand. We're like, oh, what if we press this button here? What the fuck's that gonna do? Oh, it fucking just did this, this, this, which we wanted it to do. But here's another 10,000 side effects that we weren't expecting. Oh, now how do we fix those side effects? Oh, well, let's push this button here. And then that fixes a couple of those and then creates another 5,000 side effects. So we've got this game of like cat and mouse where we're continually adding fragility to the system to the point  and more a societal argument that says any sort of downturn in an economy can be incredibly painful and can hurt a lot of people. So there's that piece of it. The other side of that argument is, but it is normal and it is better for the long-term sustainability of the system. Correct. So let's talk about why it's normal. Actually, I was at an Airbnb in Palm Springs the other day for Crypto Springs and I was talking to the Airbnb host there and he was sitting there telling me, blah, blah, blah, recessions are bad.  to experience a bit of lull, a bit of pain or a bit of downtime. So if you like, let's say you go to the gym, right? You go and train, you go and lift fucking weights. What do you do between sets? You rest, you rest, you stop for a minute. The whole nature functions in this way. One must, when you, when you exert, when you move up, you must take a moment to rest. You have to take a moment. There needs to be intervals. You cannot move in a single direction forever. That is not how nature works.  And so the average is there for a reason. But what I think becomes more interesting is when the central bankers step in and they try to manipulate the economy in a way to prevent those downturns, right? So they drop interest rates, they print money, all the things that we know that they do. What they're really doing is not fixing the structural issues or allowing the market to find a point of equilibrium. What they're doing is they're kicking the can down the road. They're kicking the can down the road and they're increasing the deviation from the mean.  than tomorrow, we continually kick the can down the road and we're creating a situation where our children and our children's children are going to have to bear a debt or they're going to have some sort of shit blow up in their face, all because we were too stupid, too weak and too impatient to want to go in and actually fix the stuff that we've messed up. It's the whole idea of it's like drinking, right? Exactly. It's drinking or drugs. When you drink the first beer,  by fucking stopping. That's it. It's the only way you're gonna get better because if you continually get higher forever, you're just gonna kill yourself at some point. And that is exactly what like we are living in an economy in a time where everyone's high. Literally, we're all high on dopamine. The markets are higher, real estate's higher, everything's higher, everyone's on drugs. Like we're so extended that, you know, we need a rebalancing. Just the problem is gonna be and unfortunately for most people that rebalancing is gonna be really really painful  or anything that they believe in. So he uses an example of kosher food, for example. It is much easier for a large-scale food manufacturer to make all of their food kosher because you and I, we may or may not be Jewish, whatever the case is, we will eat kosher food. But people who are Jewish will not eat kosher food. So instead of making two lines, what they do is they just make all the food kosher because then they can cater for everyone. And that is as a result of  There are more people on crypto Twitter who understand what money is than people on Wall Street.  liquidity in the supply and demand of people who want to hold it or people who want to use it and therefore that liquidity Effect is actually what the defining feature is not the technical effect now exactly so okay, so I'm gonna I'm gonna nuance that argument a little bit because I talk about that when I explain why Bitcoin is the is the only game in town in this space is um step one that the first thing that another network cannot replicate on with respect to to Bitcoin is you cannot  Well, and it grew in the shadows is basically exactly you cannot nobody can go and replicate that because none of us like this isn't fucking back to the future right we can't go and jump in you know, we're not Marty McFly and we can't go and replicate that future again with something else. So that's the first piece. Marty Bent might be Marty McFly. I may be maybe if anyone can do it attempt, but that's the first piece. So now once we've ticked that box Because of those elements Bitcoin now has the most liquidity and if we look at  for every year that Bitcoin grows, any other shit coin, even if they somehow managed to solve or create their own initial complex method of growth, like, you know, their fucking founder disappeared or whatever, it would take them 10 years to catch up for every year that Bitcoin grows. So it's too late, the train has already taken off those kinds of network effects, you cannot catch. So you've got this convergent network effect happening, you've got this liquidity reinforcing happening, and you've got this unique  We've got objective attributes of Bitcoin that we can all agree to, much like why gold became a better form of money than iron or copper. It was an inert metal. It was scarcer. It was harder to produce. It was more recognizable. All of these objective attributes or elements about it. So all of these reasons together mean that Bitcoin is in a position where it cannot be beaten. Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe six or seven years ago, you know, maybe even five years ago. It's too late. The ship's sail.  In order to cover your tracks the way that Satoshi did we don't live in a world like that anymore That was it was a one-time event it happened then because it was able to happen then this ain't gonna fucking happen again You know it happened right in the um in the depths of the GFC that shit ain't gonna fucking happen again the timing that the period that the style the way it was done that was an immaculate conception and It's all over game game set match um the other thing I'm also gonna mention there just quickly about what you just mentioned on Satoshi's like benevolence like the fact  a place of yes, I want to pump my own bags in one sense. So there is that selfishness around it. But really what I'm doing is I'm actually doing a service to this person and helping them avoid losing their fucking hard earned time, money and effort on investing in a shit coin or going down the path of blockchainery or shit coinery or all of that sort of stuff that doesn't matter. So I'm actually doing them service. If you look at the Bitcoin community, especially those hardcore maximists who get a lot of shit  them arseholes calling them dickheads. And we sort of, we take that in, we're like, call us what you want. We will not fucking move from this line. And we will maintain the standard. And at some point, you will come around and thank us for not deviating. Well, and I think that's no, if you look pretty early on at most large successful companies, there was a, especially in technology, there was a founder or a founding team that had a very principal or missionary base.  probably just all of that stuff on a much greater scale. Correct. It's so much broader. Like I was trying to explain to someone the other week that the market that money represents is immeasurable. It is the biggest market. This is the biggest opportunity and the biggest market. Apple, all of the tech companies, all of this shit pales in comparison because they're all measured through a monetary unit anyway. Money absorbs and encompasses all of it. It's so much fucking bigger. To your point there that you just touched on,  So we go and placate ourselves and placate those around us with what may not be outright lies, but we meander our own points. We soften things. We do all this sort of stuff just to sound good. And that's not true just in crypto or Bitcoin, right? That's true across all of society. And that's why people in the Bitcoin space come off so, quote unquote, toxic or like assholes because guess what? We're honest assholes. Yeah. Well, it goes back to the whole idea of like nomenclature  to say versus the negatively connotated that person's toxic or a maximum.  before I reveal mine is if Bitcoin fails, can anything else succeed? I mean, if Bitcoin fails, what succeeds is basically 1984 George Orwell fucking social credit system, you know, explain it is like, if we look at the way like, let's go back to the cypherpunks, you know, the cypherpunks 20, 30, 40 years ago, whatever it was now, I think it's, you know, Jesus, it's 30 something years ago, right? In the manifesto, like,  Furthermore, we need to create a form of money that can remain private and uncensorable such that people can live in a free society when society starts to digitize and become electronic. That was the foresight. So Bitcoin is not a 10 year old idea. Bitcoin is a 20, 30 year old idea. It's always been around. So what they set out to do first, and we managed to crack the communicate like private communication first, obviously, that was a much easier problem to crack. The second problem was much harder. And obviously Satoshi cracked it in 2008, which is why it's  other goods. If you live in a society where that