 What's up, everyone? This is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off. Parker Lewis is the head of business development at Unchained Capital. In this conversation, we discuss Bitcoin, the value proposition, why people should care. And then we go through each of the latest writings of Parker, including the ones titled Gradually Then Suddenly,  Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending, and card payment. Everything you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always.  Tell them POM sent you and thank me later.  no better place to build your perfect portfolio. If you're new to Bitcoin and crypto, you can test the waters with their hundred thousand dollar virtual trading feature. But if you're more experienced, you can create custom technical charts and use eToro social feeds to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees and so you never miss out. They also have an easy to use application available on iPhone, Android or any web browser. You can get started today in just a few clicks at eToro.com. Again, that's eToro.com. Get VIP access to big  I'm here with Parker. We were actually just having a conversation and I said, stop, we need to just go record this. So you guys could all hear this out. Thanks so much for doing this. Yeah, absolutely. Glad to be here in Wyoming. The whole blockchain task force, WIO hackathon. Happy to be up here and learning how we can help Wyoming and advance the Bitcoin community up here. For sure. Let's start with just your background. You've kind of had this pretty interesting journey to Bitcoin. And then once you saw it, kind of some of the things  Once it did, went full down the rabbit hole, partly as a function of doing research for the hedge fund that I was at, but also just trying to reeducate myself on what money was. And so the more that I started to understand not only why Bitcoin exists, but also how it worked, I became more and more convinced that what I wanted to be doing with my time was not working for a hedge fund, but going to figure out how I could contribute to the Bitcoin ecosystem and create value.  form a vision around what it is that we want to be and really what that is is kind of recognizing a world where we're at this very early point in the shift in really the global monetary order. And if say a 1% of people own Bitcoin and 99% don't, how can we contribute to that and really where we focus our efforts is helping people better secure their Bitcoin. So we offer a Bitcoin multi signature vault which allows people to control their own keys and we  While preserving an appreciating asset and a very scarce asset for sure I love the friends all at friends sell Bitcoin internally We joke all time and it's a joke, but we say sellings for non-believers Right say same sort of theme there yeah, and it's really one of the other things I've started to work on as part of my function with unchanged is a new series that I've been writing on on Bitcoin and kind of helping helping others in a hopefully a more accessible way to understand partly my path, but then also  that you have and as a consequence, the greater your ability is to manage your own exposure to it, your own portfolio and to remain in it and to tolerate the significant swings. For sure. So I definitely want to get into the writing because frankly, it's fantastic. It may be one of the better series that I've ever read. But before we get into that, let's just talk about Bitcoin in the global macro environment, right? So you had the pleasure of working closely with Kyle Bass on this. We've had on a podcast.  Bitcoin specifically, but separate and apart from that, I was also doing work on the financial crisis. Obviously, Kyle has history having shorted the subprime crisis. I wasn't at Heyman at the time. And just so people understand, Kyle is probably one of maybe six people who not only shorted the housing crisis but made a very large bet from an aggregate dollar amount, obviously was correct, and kind of built a reputation around having this contrarian thought that ended up proving out.  and trying to understand what then would happen when the Fed unwound its balance sheet, which it ultimately began in November of 2017. And so as I was going down those parallel paths, they ultimately converged with the principle conclusion that essentially where QE starts and ends is really the why of Bitcoin in terms of what it is here to disrupt and what problem it ultimately solves.  reserve currency, the euro, the yen, really fiat systems anywhere. And when I think about kind of the Fed and the global context, it is that the global credit systems and the way that they're constructed require not as a possibility but as a necessity for those systems to continue to exist, QE is an inevitability. Without additional QE, those credit systems would collapse on them.  the financial system as it's constructed is massively levered. So if we just think about the dollar system alone, there's about 73 trillion of dollar denominated debt excluding derivatives, just fixed liability, fixed maturity as tracked by the Fed. Today in the banking system, there's only about 1.6 trillion actual reserves. So every dollar is essentially leveraged 40 times over. That is a consequence of  is to put more base money. And so that's what we're seeing with repo. I think what we'll see very soon from there is more large-scale asset purchases, so QE4, QE infinity. And then when you think about that in the context of Bitcoin, if the Fed system or the ECB system or the Bank of Japan system is dependent on a expanding credit system, it is as a consequence dependent on an increase in the base money supply. Bitcoin  So maybe this is a better alternative and ultimately what we're going to see on the free market is a competition between two monetary systems. The legacy system that's dependent on future rounds of PV or a free market system that tolerates volatility but at the root of it is backed by effect supply. For sure. And so, you know, look, there's a ton here and I think part of what makes it so exciting to, you know, folks like you and I is that it's a very complex analysis, right?  I never asked that question. And I certainly, I myself, up until four or five years ago, hadn't asked that question. And I think that there are, especially those that look at the dollar system, there's confusion as to, or there's explanations that it's just a collective hallucination, or money is just a belief system, but I think at a root level, it is a man-made invention, but it is a tool that enables specialization  world goods and services. And I think that that discussion as to how the dollar emerged and why the dollar exists is a complicated discussion. But ultimately, I think what people have to recognize is that there is rhyme and reason to money. There are inherent properties that make something a better or worse form of money. And that also our current economy and how complex it is with the degrees of specialization and the degrees of division of labor,  Bitcoin whether Bitcoin is sufficiently fungible and I think there's ways that Bitcoin will become increasingly fungible but where we sit today I view Bitcoin as equally as fungible as the dollar and so when we think about relative scarcity, divisibility, portability, when you start to think about Bitcoin relative to other goods in the market that is why it's emerging and for the principal reason that it is finitely scarce and prior to Bitcoin no form of money was finitely scarce.  Yeah, and I think that the whole idea of this like finite scarcity is I use like real estate all the time, right? I say look if you look at the city of Manhattan, for example, it's an island They're not gonna make more land and so what ends up happening is as more and more people want to move there or Have ownership of that land the price increases right and all of that is just simply supply and demand economics, which is a very Simple idea. It's something that's taught in, you know economics 101 and things like that  you comes from, right? It's just as demand increases, if you've a fixed supply asset, the price has to go up unless all of a sudden supply and demand economics are endowed. Right. And I think that, you know, I think people fall out on two sides of this where, you know, the first question is, I don't believe that it's actually scarce. Yep. And there's a lot of confusion around how and why that is or why it's not the case that, well, if I just create another cryptocurrency that represents, you know, in aggregate digital currency,  that is a mental block that people have to work through where it's, you know, the way that I, you know, and one of my friends helped me think through this, it's actually that the more valuable, you know, one Bitcoin is an arbitrary unit. You know, the way that I think about it is the economic, I think about it as an economic system and the purchasing power of the network as a whole. And so if that's approximately 200 billion today, the more valuable the Bitcoin is, the more valuable it becomes. The less of a unit of Bitcoin that you need to transmit value of our communication,  Nominated in dollars increases is that the the communication channel as a whole? Increases in value because there are now more nodes connected to it if there are only 60 million people transacting in Bitcoin That's very limited But if a billion people own Bitcoin and are transacting in it every day the value of that network increases and the only way to get there is by incremental adoption which Ultimately increases the value. It's a cell phone example, right? It just one cell phone in the world isn't very valuable even just two cell phones in the world isn't very valuable because you can like call one other person  the network effects. It is the more people that come into Bitcoin that just want to purchase it as an asset and use it, whether for speculative purposes or increasingly over time as they learn more as a true store of wealth and as a way to convert the value that they create into what we all believe in the future will be a stable form of money, that increasingly those people then begin to actually contribute value by building infrastructure.  If we think about it at a root level of converting time to value to Bitcoin or a form of money, and Safe talks about this in his book where kind of thinking about kind of time preference or what I consume today versus what I consume in the future, anything that we're choosing to save is putting off what we could consume today for some future investment. And I think that there are serious, not necessarily consequences,  trade-off between yourself and your future selves and so kind of thinking about Bitcoin in that context the more people that are choosing to store wealth in Bitcoin in a stable form of money there are there I think there will be ramifications far greater than just you know Bitcoin in the dollar and the Bitcoin monetary system and legacy monetary system but if you have a world of a billion people that now are operating in an environment where there's a reintroduction of  And I posted on Twitter, but then you can find it on our on our blog at unchained capital Slash blog got it alright, so the first one It was kind of like a shot over the bow because I didn't even know this was happening and then all of a sudden you write this thing Gradually, then suddenly describe you know kind of at a high level what exactly you were trying to communicate in that first piece Yeah, so We want to give some credit kind of over the course of the last year or two years  certain kind of segment of the market that value self custody today. We also want to help expand the knowledge base and bring more people into Bitcoin. And I think from my past, having worked at a global macro hedge fund, now kind of working every day within the Bitcoin spheres, kind of helping to create a bridge or an accessible medium that isn't necessarily as long as a book, but that can give  If people are interested in the question of why are so many people interested in Bitcoin, that they can come and think about things that generally represent mental blocks, that's one of the things that I try to focus on is distilling complex subjects that hang up a lot of people and explain at least in the context of my background and the way that I think about it how they may think about a certain problem that may prevent them from kind of advancing  started there?  seeing a blank canvas. And then there were a few conversations or talking with my friends who had been involved in Bitcoin for a long time, where then suddenly something clicked for me. And in certain cases, I specifically remember the place and time where I was, what the specific mental block was, and then what it was that helped me overcome that. And so a primary reason for writing this is thinking back to that process that I went through and then trying to distill those  For sure. And so the second piece you wrote was Bitcoin can't be copied, which is a pretty common yet relatively lazy, I think, detraction of just, oh, there's Bitcoin and there's 2,000, 3,000 other tokens, right? So like it's just the same thing over and over again, what differentiates Bitcoin. But maybe talk a little bit about some of the thoughts in that piece of Bitcoin can't be copied. Yeah. And I think it is a very—maybe it's a very—  I think this is the way that I communicated the piece. As kids, we're all taught that money doesn't grow on trees. And then suddenly Bitcoin has a somaculate conception. And the way I think about it catches lightning in a bottle. When Bitcoin was released, it wasn't money. In the days subsequent, it wasn't money. In the probably years subsequent, it wasn't money. But that over time, monetary properties emerged in the network. And it's a little bit confounding.  thousands of years, here we are sitting with this new form of monetary technology and everyone suddenly, despite being taught and despite being hyperintuitive that money doesn't grow on trees, oh, let's all just go create our own form of money. And so the point of that piece, Bitcoin Can't Be Copy, was really trying to emphasize the things that make Bitcoin unique and some base layer to think about why money  that are not inherent in other cryptocurrencies that really reinforce the scarcity that is Bitcoin's 21 million supply because without those properties of decentralization, without censorship resistant, 21 million is not a credible number. But so long as it is and so long as the value of Bitcoin increases, the network becomes increasingly decentralized, increasingly censorship resistant, which further reinforces the credibility of a fixed supply, which will continue to cause, really cause,  valuable than the other aspects of Bitcoin, right? So if you're sitting somewhere and you're worried about people seizing your wealth, all of a sudden the seize ability or the lack thereof it becomes super, super important, right? If you're sitting there and you're worried about censorship, well, now the fact that it can't be censored becomes really, really important. And it's not so much just that one group over another group find certain elements more valuable than others, but also you as an individual may find different elements more or less valuable at different times as well, right? You could see a world where  relying on their own life experiences. If they just looked at this simplistically based on what they had been taught in high school or college, or you have just looked at an incumbent economic view, they would never come to the view that Bitcoin is money in a vacuum. But that over time, as people look at this, they relate to it through their own eyes and through their own lens, and Bitcoin emerges as money to each individual for different reasons on different timelines. And then the aggregate concept  But you can't do that in increasing ways without having formed your own perspective as to how this helps you not only today but into the future. And that will always inherently be dependent on each individual's own circumstances, their own life experiences, and the way that they look at the world.  to  you can deposit it with BlockFi and get paid an interest rate of 6% in return. Go check out blockfi.com slash pump, again blockfi.com slash pump to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today.  where he said that, I'll butcher the quote, but it was along the lines of, yeah, establishment economists derived the fact that Bitcoin is volatile as if something can go from not existing to a stable form of money overnight. And what we're realistically seeing right now is the monetization of a good on the free market for the first time since gold. There's no way for that to happen without volatility.  wealth, but then as they learn more, increasing. And while that adoption is increasing by orders of magnitude, it's met with a fixed supply. So if we think about adoption waves, and again, we don't know specific numbers, but thinking of each adoption wave representing an order of magnitude. So from 2016 to today, maybe something like 5 million to 60 million or 10 million to 100 million, whatever it may be, it's that relative increase in demand met with a supply that over that same period only increased by  of those adoption dynamics and the ultimate supply curve of Bitcoin. And that over time, if we think about the store of value, people in Bitcoin who have been around for a year, two years, or three years, they think about it in the context of longer time horizons than day to day. And then in addition to that, it's important to recognize that Bitcoin doesn't exist in a vacuum. And so if you're an institutional investor and thinking about, oh, how can I have exposure to Bitcoin with all this volatility, the way that I think about it is in the context of diversification of an entire portfolio.  day to day, but if you look at the long-term chart of the purchasing power of the dollar, it loses value by design. And so central bankers all over the world have kind of chastised Bitcoin as being no one uses it as a method of payment. It's too volatile to be a currency. When in reality, we're just witnessing price discovery on the logical path of a monetization of a good on the free market, which is a fundamentally disruptive idea.  is a lot of people will just follow that path.  Bitcoin, but you can only get that education once you're already in the game. For sure. The next piece you wrote is Bitcoin does not waste energy. And this is probably one of my favorite topics to talk to people about, but elaborate on what you kind of covered in this piece. Yeah. So, and this one I really swung for the fences where there are a lot of reasons when you get into the kind of the brass tacks of the energy that Bitcoin