 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off.  Go help your boy out, tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you, always.  words, for long-term safekeeping. However, this strategy doesn't help them grow their investment holdings or build overall wealth. With the new BlockFi interest account, users can now securely store their Bitcoin or Ether at BlockFi and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in cryptocurrency. 6% is an absurdly high rate. It's the best rate in the industry. I highly suggest you go check out blockfi.com slash Pomp. Again, that's blockfi.com slash Pomp to sign up and start earning crypto today.  Anthony Pompliano is a partner at Morgan Creek Digital. All opinions expressed by Pomp or his  No, I really appreciate it. Thanks for having me on. For sure. Let's start with your background. What would you do kind of pre Bitcoin and crypto? So I went to school for applied mathematics and studied that at the undergrad and graduate level. And then I started an AI company called Lynx Labs. And that went on to develop a lot of the like tracking and recognition technology that powers things like the HTC Vive headset or Oculus.  like 2013. And obviously, I got wrecked by not having a bag going into 2017. So then it had my full attention and decided to do a company in crypto focused on like broadening consumer adoption. For sure. Now, it's interesting that you described getting wrecked by not having exposure to the upside. I don't think I've ever heard anyone describe it that way. Yeah, I mean, I guess it's an opportunity because my buddy wanted to sell me Bitcoin  What have you guys actually built and what's the model that you're using? Sure, great question. So, Level's mission is to create an easy to use financial services platform under a flat and transparent fee model. So that means we focus on user experience, it's easy to just pick up and use, and we charge a flat model of a $9 a month subscription fee, which is very different from the rest of the world of finance, which is based on transaction fees.  which are tools that traditionally algorithms and Wall Street guys would use. So that's our sort of beachhead product. It's a lot of crypto early adopters and whales that are on it right now. And then in our short-term roadmap, we're also adding checking accounts that'll be FDIC insured and debit cards. And I mentioned this just because it's to emphasize that our mission is to reform financial services.  to consumers. And then there's the business model. So exchanges, banks, they're in the business of offering financial services. But the way they make money is usually to exploit lack of knowledge of the retail customer to extract the maximum amount of profit out of that end user. So I'll give a couple of examples. So when you go to apply for a mortgage at a bank, they try to get you into a variable rate, which appears at the front door  They've got exactly the same offering on Coinbase consumer that charges like a minimum of 2 percent. But if you're not doing big transactions, it can be up to 10 percent. So what's interesting about this is all of these fees are based on like transactions. But the technology behind financial services doesn't have costs that like scale in the volume of transactions. So, for example, on Coinbase, if you do a  Coming in as outsiders, we looked at exchanges and just the level of complexity that goes into processing financial transactions. And we're talking about milliwatts, two database operations per trade. And compare that to something like World of Warcraft, where you're flying around on dragons and fighting hundreds of thousands of other virtual players, or Netflix, where they're putting $7 out of the $9 that they get a month directly into content production.  and all trading is zero dollars. And as we add additional services, that'll be included in that flat $9 fee. So we're bringing sort of the Netflix model to finance. Got it. And so what is the, so like Playdev was advocate for a minute, right? The point of business is for a corporation to make as much money as possible, obviously. And you've got to balance that with serving your customers, right? So there's definitely a balance and sometimes even a counterbalance  needs to happen that can really change this and then ripple through the rest of the industry? Well, I think it's definitely both. And so sort of removing how you think about these things philosophically, like just capitalist forces are going to drive down price as technologies and platforms get commoditized. So you look at something like Binance, they competed at entry with just charging historically low fees for the market. So that was like a low fee volume.  music when we were in the iTunes era, it was all transaction based. And we just know sort of factually that there was more utilization of iTunes than there was of record stores before it. But then when the Spotify model came along, utilization went up even higher. And so it was viewed as a better value for consumers, but it ultimately drove higher revenues for the music industry as well. So I think that  I mean, market education is important. So if you talk to crypto traders that want to trade on a regulated US exchange, they tend to trade on Coinbase. And what you'll find out is that the longer they've been trading, the much more likely they are to trade on Coinbase Pro versus Coinbase Consumer. They know that it has all the same features as Coinbase Consumer. They're sophisticated enough for the more technical interface and they want to save the money.  Second of all, for the market to expand, everybody's in dupe. So I think what you have to do is you have to introduce products that, where their business model is not dependent on information asymmetry and consumers adversely selecting the more expensive option, like the Coinbase consumer versus the Coinbase pro. And the way we do that at level, for example, is we have consumer wallet buys and sells, and we have a technical  For sure. And with your model, kind of that Netflix-like model or a flat fee model, you've gotten a number of pretty high profile advisors to sign on. Maybe give us an overview of who those are. Yeah. So we're really excited about our advisory board. We have Willie Wu, who's a blockchain analytics pioneer, Jimmy Song, who is a blockchain developer and educator. We were recently joined by John Price, who was the founder of Trilogy Software in Texas.  positive reputations that were focused on education that understood how to build good products in the space. And we're really lucky to get Willie and Jimmy involved early. And now the advisory board is much larger as well. We've got a number of seasoned executives on it. And one thing I'd like to emphasize is that, you know, this is a 2017 notion of what a crypto advisor was, which is somebody would have this new speculative ICO token, like let's say like cat coin.  through options that they won't be able to exercise for a while. So everybody on our advisory board, including Willie and Jimmy, who have been with us for over a year, they basically are involved because they think that the company will have a positive impact if it's successful, and they think their participation will improve the likelihood of success. And so the advisory board is very committed. We meet on a weekly basis. But basically, we're all riding the outcome of the business season.  We came into this business, we knew how to code, we knew how to raise money, but there's a lot of things we didn't know how to do. And it's had a real impact on the product. Like our crypto custodian, BitGo, we decided to work with them through a relationship that Jimmy had. Most of our consumer interface was built with Willy's Insights. We hold these weekly calls where Willy just tears down the product, and then we try to rebuild it in time for the following week.  in exchange. There's plans to build a number of other products. Maybe talk a little bit about what those products are and any timeframe or roadmap that you can give us when they'll actually get launched. Sure. So level at its core is the financial services business. We help people solve financial problems by offering financial services. And we have this flat business model of nine bucks a month. And right now, that's a crypto exchange. And the reason it makes sense to start in crypto is fees are just  So by the end of this year, we'll introduce FDIC insured checking accounts. So unlike the cash accounts on other exchanges, these are full deposit accounts insured by the FDIC where you could keep your cash, receive incoming paychecks, basically become a replacement for your Wells Fargo account. And then we're also going to introduce debit cards that can spend from either your checking account  customers. So one thing I'd like to emphasize is that offering checking accounts and debit cards and Bitcoin alongside each other, it's not necessarily a hedge. I think that Bitcoin will replace cash. I think that's just simply a inevitable thing to happen. But along the road to getting there, you want to have seamless gateways between cash and crypto. So if the restaurant you're at doesn't take Bitcoin, you want to be able to spend from your Bitcoin.  fiat on ramp and off ramps, right? So what I mean by that is one of the ways that people can get into Bitcoin and the cryptocurrency industry is they can obviously take their fiat currency, they can convert it, right? So they go to an exchange and they buy Bitcoin, for example. The other being they kind of earn within that ecosystem, right? So there's all kinds of different products that are doing that. But one that I'm fascinated with as an idea is really this,  wanting to sort of stay long in Bitcoin is a big industry problem that needs to be solved. Because there's a lot of people that believe in the fundamental dynamics of Bitcoin, that believe that as more people adopt it, it will continue to be robust and secure, but owe into its finite supply that its value will increase. So it's a liquid asset like cash that also has a speculative nature based on pretty good fundamentals.  frictionless as possible. So in the scenario you described, you should be able to stay long Bitcoin if you believe in the asset class, but still be able to pay for dinner on a debit card. And then on the on-ramp side, what you want to eliminate is wire transfers from one bank to a crypto institution. And you want to eliminate high predatory transaction fees for the faster methods. So the 3.99% fees you see when you buy crypto in Bitcoin  compatible or not accepted by a legacy payment provider, right? Whether it's a point of sale or some other mechanism. And so really what that credit card is doing is it's a bridge, right? It comes in the same format, but it's pulling from the choice currency. And so over time, hopefully the importance of those bridges becomes less and less important. But that will only be driven by the fact that that legacy system starts to accept the new currency, right? If that doesn't happen, then you're going to continue to need that bridge between the two  people have shifted from driving to riding the dart. So the analog in this industry is, let's say that we introduce accounts where it's easier to just spend your Bitcoin on a debit card, then there's going to be more people that are holding Bitcoin. And then when more people are holding Bitcoin, there are cost efficiencies in stores just accepting Bitcoin outright. Basically, it's going to end up that Lightning Network is cheaper than the interchange system.  in Interchange.  They provide and then you receive over-the-air updates that add new coins and new features on a consistent basis Kind of like how Tesla does over-the-air updates and updates the car software Just your update in your coin mine consumer mining made easy. That's right Go to coin mine comm tell them pump set you and thank me later one more word from our sponsor block 5 Their new interest account allows you to securely deposit your Bitcoin or ether at block 5 and receive 6% annual interest paid monthly in crypto currency  degree of kind of information arbitrage, putting individuals at a disadvantage in the industry. To be totally honest, it's really a big issue in cryptocurrency. And what's interesting is you see a lot of the same issues in cryptocurrency that got regulated away in the securities industry. They're all popping up again in crypto. And so just some examples, I mean, we want to win over the example of sort of like Coinbase being designed for people to  that they were taking multimillion dollar listing fees for taking those onto the platform. So this is a little bit of a complex form of information arbitrage, but what Binance basically was doing was saying, okay, we'll list whatever you want us to list as long as you pay us a couple million bucks, and then we'll list it on our exchange so that you have liquidity to our own consumers, and those consumers will buy it because it got listed on Binance.  stay on your skis, but the fundamentals of Binance, because they have this conflict in the asset listing, they're the quality of the assets that they list, the fundamentals are that on a value basis, all their customers are going to lose money. It's just the sort of really whip-smart day traders, which must be less than half. If you look at the hard numbers, those are the guys that come out ahead. So I think that's like a really complex form of information asymmetry.  All those problems existed. And then we got the Banking Act, the Investment Advisors Act, the Securities Exchange Act. Basically, all these laws, there are legal terms that correspond to all of this activity. So like what finance is doing is sort of like statutory underwriting. What these ICU advisors are doing is sort of like illicit securities promotion. They all are based on information arbitrage, and they all have been regulated out of existence in the  other entrepreneurs will seek. So I think I can obvious way that we can bet this is our business model is free of those conflicts. You can't pay us to list your asset. And then also, we're just trying to make it easier to get into trading. So it makes a sort of like safe space. I think that's gonna have an impact on adoption and it'll at least eliminate some of the abuse that we see among the early adopter segment.  But let's assume that that eventually gets through. Then that's going to be really a pretty, I mean, you can't call any investment safe, but it's going to be a pretty safe way to invest because these are going to be either ETFs of Bitcoin or they're going to be ETFs of a couple of different large caps that have a strong history of appreciating in value because they're based on fundamental protocols that appreciates utilization goes up. So this is not something levels doing.  companies, these companies are under a lot of regulatory scrutiny, not to engage in some of the activity we see in the unregulated crypto exchanges. For sure. It feels like there's going to be a kind of before regulatory crackdown and after regulatory crackdown life. Right. And I'm not sure if it's going to be one date or if it's just a period in time. But definitely agree with you that there is a whole bunch of nonsense going on.  So if you look at the accreditation laws, for example, those are obviously a huge barrier for a lot of people to some of the best investment opportunities. And so you want to kind of strike this balance between you want clear, safe markets, but you also want the ability for anyone to participate regardless of wealth, location, education, et cetera. Yeah, I think that that's one of the really big difficulties in crypto. And I think to Jake, in the SEC, too,  at the accreditation role and open the markets up to more people so that we can regulate the types of assets that people are interested in. So I think there's a sort of like steampunk libertarian pushback against regulation because regulation is viewed as an inhibition to the market. But what regulators really want to do is they want to keep markets healthy and they want to protect consumers.  just horrendous clarity from regulators and some of the regulatory directives now can't even be implemented. For sure. No, I think you're spot on. What products do you think can help drive some of this adoption? I know that you feel pretty strongly about the idea that the adoption in the market is quite low, kind of mid to maybe even low single digits global population. What are the products that you see that could help us get up into the double digits of percentage wise of adoption over the next couple of years?  But it's statistically clear that the more people get into Bitcoin, the higher the price goes, which makes the sector healthier. So I think that establishes that a goal should be to expand the market. And so I think what you have to start with is just like, what is the maturity of the market now? I love this book called Crossing the Chasm by Jeffrey Moore. And basically, the sort of hypothesis behind Jeffrey Moore's book is  like it's something like 35% of people are open to being natively digitally banked. And then we see 3% penetration of crypto. So the numbers work out to be like roughly 10 to 15% of adoption of the addressable market. So it lines up exactly with early adopter saturation. The numbers work out and we're seeing like things like staking and custodial offerings where exchanges are now trying and lending, like things like BlockFi, where people are really trying to get more value out of the early adopter base.  Bitcoin, more people will do it. And because the price will be going up, right? So people are going to watch MSNBC, they're going to see that Bitcoin is going up. And then the barrier that's left, you know, the thing that's holding the dam back is it is just too dang hard to go sign up for a Binance account. So I think things like Libra, CashApp, what we're doing at level, what we're really trying to do is crack that new frontier of building products that are elegant enough for general consumers to use. For sure.  they tend to follow a power law. So it tends to be that a couple products will take the lion's share of adoption. And so in the last wave, the early adopter wave, that would have been like Coinbase, Kraken, and to a lesser extent, Bittrex. I think that