 What's up everyone, this is Anthony Pompliano. Most of you know me as Pomp. You're listening to Off The Chain, simply the best podcasting crypto. Let's kick this thing off. Brad Cam is a co-founder of Unstoppable Domains. In this conversation, we discussed free speech, censorship, China, the societal impact of Unstoppable Domains, how exactly it works, what the technical challenges they overcame were,  That's right, Crypto.com. They're a crypto platform with one goal, motherf****** mass adoption. That's why we're all here. We're trying to get crypto in every wallet. Crypto.com is helping people do that through buying, earning, lending and card payment. Everything you could want at Crypto.com. Go help your boy out. Tell him Pomp sent you. Download the app or visit Crypto.com. Pomp's got you always. Everyone to get into mining and didn't know how? Don't worry, your boy Pomp's got you.  Kind of like how Tesla does over the air updates and updates the car software. Just your update in your coin mine. Consumer, mining, made, easy. That's right. Go to coinmine.com, tell them POM set you, and thank me later.  eToro offers access to the world's most popular cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and others. With the smartest trading tools and the ability to connect with the best traders around the world, there's no better place to build your perfect portfolio. If you're new to Bitcoin and crypto, you can test the waters with their $100,000 virtual trading feature. But if you're more experienced, you can create custom technical charts and use eToro's social fees to inform your trading decisions. They've got transparent fees, and so you never miss out. They also have an easy to use application  or follow a particular strategy, but only as an expression of his opinion. This podcast is for informational purposes only.  the game. For sure. And do you remember the first time that you ever saw Bitcoin or blockchain and kind of what your thought was? I read a Wired article in like 2011, the rise and fall of Bitcoin, and I didn't think much of it. But when I moved to San Francisco in December of 2012, I moved into this place called 20mission, which is like a Bitcoin hacker house. I think the second crypto exchange in the US was launched out of the basement. Some of the earliest crypto meetups were there. So when I moved to San Francisco, just basically everybody I met was  into this sort of consumer friendly product and I got roped in somewhere a few months after. Got it. And I think a lot of people probably heard of Unstoppable Domains, they've seen the press coverage, et cetera. Let's start from the very beginning. Just what exactly is it and how does it work? Yeah, so Unstoppable Domains is a registry business. So it's very similar to like a VeriSign, which owns .com, except for our domain name systems are on blockchains. And the idea is  websites. And the way this works is you can point your domain to content on like a decentralized storage network like IPFS. And then the domain is essentially an asset on a blockchain. It sits inside of your wallet just like a cryptocurrency. So the combination of having a domain that you control that's self custody by you and content that's on a decentralized storage network means you can build a website that only you can put up and only you can take down. And this is really different from the way that traditional domains work.  up things that you and I wouldn't think are wrong that are getting censored and taken down. And the user tools are the tools themselves are built in such a way that companies and governments have complete control over. Yeah, so we'll get to some of the censorship stuff in a second. Let's dig a little deeper into the technical components of this, right? Because I think the idea is pretty easy to understand of just, hey, there's going to be unstoppable domains, you know, great naming on your guys' part. But how does this work from a technical standpoint?  private key in order to move it around. And the same is true for when you add information to it. So what you're really doing is you're pointing your domain to your content, and your content is sitting on a decentralized storage network or something like that. And the way it works is you sign a message with that private key, the same private key that controls the domain, and you say, my IPFS hash equals this. And so because you're the only one that can write that IPFS hash to your domain, you're the only one that can update the content.  is  And there's the user tools problem. So this idea of decentralized domain names, I think has been floating around in the crypto world for a long time. There was name coin very early on. There were some other attempts on smart contract blockchains as well. But the problem has been how do you get all the applications to connect together and how do you make it super easy for users? So a lot of the things that have been difficult that we've been solving for are how do we make it super simple for users to be able to do things like sign messages with their  can copy and paste like a Bitcoin address and click save and then it writes and it signs a message and writes a message to the blockchain. So you as the user don't even realize necessarily that that's what's happening. All you see is I saved an address to my domain. What's really happening is there's a transaction on the blockchain underneath. One of the things that we did is we cover the fees which helps to make this a little bit easier. But getting it all the way down to this really simple user experience has been probably the most the most challenging thing.  the traditional domain name world. So people are buying domains, claiming domains, adding addresses, and starting to use them for payments. Very cool. And so walk us through how you guys actually make money in the system. You go from zero to 100,000 domains. What's kind of the business model and how do you see that evolving? So we sell domains. It's quite simple. The domains are priced between $20 and up to $10,000 for the most premium domains. It's a one time fee though. So over time we'll be  a whole bunch of things around societal impact that we'll get into in a minute. What's kind of next for you guys?  One thing that I'd love to share with your community, because I think they'll be excited about it, is that we're getting ready to launch our second domain extension. It's going to be on the Ethereum blockchain. It's called .crypto. And the idea is that it is going to be the blockchain domain system for the entire crypto community. So you could have like pump.crypto, and for example, we'll make sure that you get pump.crypto. And the other thing is that so as soon as this show goes live, we're going to be doing a  Is this something where you can add hundreds or thousands of them in the future? Is this something where you'll kind of stay concentrated around four or five? Like what's the plan and how difficult is that more? It's difficult from an ecosystem perspective. Our goal is not to create a lot of systems. I think that two is probably plenty for a while. There may be some reason or some new features. The biggest reason might be to go and launch on a new blockchain if there's a new blockchain that winds up being more efficient than Ethereum.  especially in the developed world, Western world, which is you guys are going to take a big swipe at the ability for people to censor content, prevent access to information, to prevent freedom of speech, et cetera. Maybe just talk a little bit about how you guys philosophically think about this impact and kind of how you think it actually will play out in reality. Yeah, so this is the reason why we started this business. This is the reason why I'm motivated to wake up in the morning and do this is because we believe  becoming kind of dangerous. It's becoming dangerous to people around the world, but I think it's also becoming dangerous to people in the U.S. as well, and it's getting worse. And as we see sort of a rise of authoritarianism around the world, I think it's connected. I think it's connected to the centralization of data and that this is, this might be one of the biggest risks we face and our only hope is to decentralize it. We need to take the power out of these groups. Yeah. And so it's a really interesting way of looking at, I think a lot of folks are saying, hey, the fact that we've given up so much data  I would say more than half of the world does not live in a free society. And so legal speech or what we would consider to be legal or okay speech, political opposition, other unpopular ideas, these types of things or even unpopular businesses that are considered legal are getting censored all over the place. They get censored at the domain level, they get censored at the website content level, and they get censored at the payment processing level. And a blockchain domain name system solves all those problems.  folks who will use the unstoppable domains to build new things as well. Yes. I think it's actually really similar to Bitcoin and cryptocurrency in general, where if you look at the history of Bitcoin and cryptocurrency, it started out with use cases around heavily censored activities, people doing things that they just couldn't do in the other world. But over time, we're starting to see more traditional businesses move into it because the technology actually works better. It's cheaper to send a transaction. It's faster to send a transaction.  ultimately you'll be able to store content in a cheaper way because you're not only having to go to Amazon Web Services, you'll be able to access anybody in the world's computer who wants to put up, who wants to offer their servers for storage space. So ultimately, this technology is more robust and we definitely see a future where traditional businesses move over to this because it works better.  and  So you can actually take your Bitcoin you can deposit it with block fight and get paid an interest rate of 6% in return go check out block fight comm slash pump again block fight comm slash pump to sign up and start earning interest on your crypto today So that's a lot of the kind of positive societal impact I think that there's a lot of nuance in there each situation is different and the devil's kind of in the details I would be remiss if I didn't ask about kind of the detraction to a lot of this right I think the people who see  could be used by these bad people. Yeah. And I think the same, you know, the sort of the same arguments were thrown out about Bitcoin itself and crypto currencies early on. And I think that there's, you know, there's a few things. I think the first thing to keep in mind is that the majority of people around the world are using these tools and want to use these tools because the current tools are not able to serve them. So the majority of us and the majority of uses are not for these bad actors. I think that's a that's, you know, that's an important thing to keep in mind for crypto. And I think the same is the same will be true for blockchain domains.  that the current Internet functions. And the way it works is that at the protocol level, you can do anything. Anybody can interact with the public blockchain. Anybody can sign a message and write information to the public blockchain. Theoretically, anybody could read that information. But in reality, with the commercial Internet, with the commercial decentralized Internet, what's going to happen is applications aren't going to serve up stuff that they object to or stuff that is illegal. So what's going to wind up happening is your browser  And through that, we'll wind up getting protected from cases where things that we really should see or things that we really want to see, we're not going to be stopped from seeing them. And so is this almost like when you're describing this, the first thing that jumps to mind is like, it's like a product stack or technology stack for a certain ethics, morals and perspectives, right? Where you'll say, Hey, this protocol with this web browser, with this application in the web browser, et cetera, gives me access to a certain view of the world. Whereas somebody else may not.  any individual, any group, even unstoppable domains. If anybody gets to decide or get them, then that's going to be that's going to break down the safety and security of the system. So the system needs to be agnostic. Now, we also live in the real world as do as does everybody. And what's going to wind up happening is you and I are not going to want to have a completely anarchic Internet where all of this terrible stuff is served. Even if we want and promote global free speech, we personally, I mean, I don't want to see that stuff. You don't want to see that stuff.  one that I think has a lot of validity. What do you think is kind of the first pressure test, right? In terms of as this happens, if there is some nefarious actor who comes into the system, like where do you guys anticipate some of those issues popping up? Is it more kind of in the conversation? So like in the press or general population, or is it something from a more technical standpoint where there's actual security threats or something like that? I think it'll probably, I mean, this is just speculation, but I think it'll probably be more  don't all have to agree. And I think that's going to make a more diverse world. That's going to make a more robust technology stack. This is going to be a better version of the future. Yeah, I think that's a very fair position to take. What do you think is the big inflection point here for the existing internet, right? So existing corporations, et cetera, to say, look, I need an unstoppable domain. I want one of these on the blockchain. Is there something that you're looking at as that inflection point? I think that what you're going to see most likely first  And initially, if you look at it on a long enough timeline, open source wins. Open source will be better, more robust, stronger, cheaper, all of these things. But that's going to take time. And initially, I think these tools will not be those things. And therefore, the people that will be focused on using them will be the people that have this hair on fire problem. They'll be the people that are getting censored right now. They'll be the people whose domains are getting seized from them. They'll be the people whose content is being switched off by various cloud service providers.  have domains and websites on technology that cannot be censored, meaning that you can build your website, you can put it up, you can take it down, no one can stop you. Anyone around the world can view that website if they want to. Basically, the entire internet switches over to this. The current internet, if you look at it from the sort of nuts and bolts perspective, is not a safe and secure place.  probably one of the big exchanges. I'm a huge fan of Coinbase. They've been a great company and I think they've done it the right way in order to help spread crypto around the world.  completely disagree.  the way that I think about what is an ideal economic system. And I also think that it's just this amazing third way. It's not socialist, it's not libertarian free market, it's this other thing that kind of can unite all the different views around a pragmatic version of how to build an economy that works. Yeah, I haven't read that. I'll have to check it out for sure.  You know, like I think we've been, you know, whatever we've been rolling as a species for maybe like 300,000 years, something like that, two or 300,000 years. Maybe you go back to hominids, we got a couple million years. There's got to be somebody that's been evolving or some group that's been evolving for like, I don't know, a few hundred million or billion years. So there's got to be some that are ahead of us and some that are behind us. So I guess I hope we bump into the ones that are behind us. It's pretty scary to think about the idea that there could be some sort of sentient beings that have been evolving for hundreds of millions of years.  and  they're a little bit more globalist in mindset. And so it's pretty interesting to see companies like yours and others build along those ethos for large markets in the traditional world. Yeah, that's really cool. And one of the things that I find the most fascinating about talking about this company is oftentimes when we're talking about censorship on the internet and we're talking about these problems, we talk about it to folks in America and they're a little bit puzzled. We talk about it to folks that live almost anywhere else in the world and they get it immediately. They're like, oh yeah, I've had a domain seized. Oh yeah.  Check out the website and reach out to us. We're on Telegram, we're on Twitter, we're all over the place.