 Bang Jeremy's in the house. What's up, man? It's good to be here In New York and trying to survive the weather. Alright, Jeremy's a legend Crypto castle in San Francisco will get into your background in a second But you recently moved to Miami and he won't shut up about how it's cold and the weather sucks in New York So we're gonna do this and then you can get back down to Miami  Tucker Mac style yeah, but I mean I'm not not that sort of debauchery more like adolescent ruckus Just I was a total miscreant growing up and so There are a lot of great stories pre crypto I don't even know how much I'm gonna get into the crypto component of my life in the book All right, so what were you doing right before you first discovered Bitcoin? Yeah, you say whatever you want it's a free country  to go back to college ended up at the University of Michigan where I just happened to move in with a Bitcoin enthusiast. Really? Yeah, but one thing I should mention, and I think it's very interesting for you, is that when I was in college right before Bitcoin, I developed my own major. It's very uncommon at the first school I went to, and even at Michigan, where the Honors College, which I was a part of, allowed it, it was very uncommon for people to develop their own major. I developed this multidisciplinary study in political strategy. And this was  for  And I want to say, I think he was in the first boost class, Adam Draper's accelerator. And it ended up getting defrauded via wire, and he ended up shutting down the company. And he was sleeping on the couch in my apartment rebuilding his company back at Michigan, where he had been attending and was also converting to Judaism because he had been part of this old Jewish fraternity that we lived with.  But revisiting the technology with Canard, I really became endeared. I had been at Occupy Wall Street in 2010 and 2011. I had gone to school two hours up north of here. And every week, and I had gone to Zuccotti Park and protested the banks and seen how- Yeah, Zuccotti Park was lit back in the day. It was lit, and it was wild. And it showed me, as someone that was studying political strategy and very interested in the whole concept of revolutions and how  Transact value which transcended Bitcoin. It's the concept of the blockchain, but nobody was talking about blockchain back then We were just like about a Bitcoin and cryptocurrency Blockchain was not really term even back then, you know, there were there's a space between block and chain And we should we should discuss how that was one of the greatest marketing Ploys ever developed by this industry was shifting from Bitcoin to blockchain why why well I'll just say I got so excited because I  the laziest person on the planet and also probably the dumbest because I should have obviously thought so. Well it looks stupid at first. And I'm not technical and so I turned to the person that I, you know, one of the people I respected the most and asked them what do you think? And they said it was dumb. So they were okay. And you're lucky enough to have engineers in your life. Until I was at Michigan, like up until I was like 22 years old, I didn't know any computer scientists. I didn't know any developers. I went to liberal arts school. I'm from a small farm town in Massachusetts.  I mean, I always thought gold was stupid. So I didn't even have that touchstone But going to the marketing ploy, I mean in 2014 and this is why I asked in 2014 Mount Gox imploded Charlie Schramm who you just had this on the show went to jail and most publications pretty much either said or intimated that Biklin was dead and It effectively was I mean nobody could get banned  We got this technology, we're heavily invested in it. We think it's the future, but it's become toxic. And you can't blame the media and most people from thinking Bitcoin was stupid and that it was dead. I mean, its only association was with black markets, frauds and hacks. I mean, there was nothing really redeeming about Bitcoin at that point in time except its potential. And so what they said was, well, what is the innovation in Bitcoin?  new phrasing that made this technology acceptable even when Bitcoin wasn't. And so, you know, the Bitcoiners were like, how dare they say blockchain's not Bitcoin. I was like, fuck yes. That's amazing that these guys are talking about it. When banks started talking about blockchain technology in 2014 and moreover in 2015, they single handedly saved this industry by legitimizing this underlying  Industry companies in the industry were able to get funding and a lot of those companies that were doing blockchain not Bitcoin initiatives are now doing Bitcoin initiatives again, and so You know, there are a lot of heroes in the story of Bitcoin, but the banks play a really tremendous role that a few Individuals are willing to recognize because a legitimized blockchain tech, which is a big part of what Bitcoin is Do you think any of the bank executives hold Bitcoin?  Bitcoin and blockchain technology could make the world better. And I believe it could help disintermediate the banks, who I had a much bigger problem with than the government.  probably grew up thinking were bulletproof. Those things aren't anything near what you guys thought they were, right? And so now, 25 to 35 year olds are hitting the stride of, hey, we've accessed this new technology. We actually don't believe that those banks are fully solvent, right? And you actually don't see that many, like 15 to 20 year olds in my experience. The 15 to 20 year olds are not nearly as excited about this as the 25 to 35 year olds. They want Fortnite and C bucks. It's crazy.  starts before the Great Recession. It starts with 9-11. 9-11... That was in eighth grade. Yes, 9-11 is the essential moment for millennials. Because what it represented was a shift in how we think about privacy in the world in which Orwell's 1985 actually started to become a reality. And you know what? In 2019, it is 1985. It's just later.  And then we had the Great Recession. And all of a sudden we saw how the banks just fuck us. They don't care. They are money making, capitalistic enterprises that really just don't give a shit about the individual. And because of that, you have millennials who now have grown up in a world where privacy is an afterthought, where the government doesn't care about the individual. Not that they ever have, but you can actually see that now, especially with agencies like ICE.  potential as the global reserve currency is over 50%. I know that I'm close to that. I'm not there yet. So before we get into a whole bunch of things that you believe, some that I think are very well documented, some that are controversial, and then some that I think majority agrees with you on, let's go through, you leave Michigan. How do we get from Michigan to  for  No, it's funny, people really just hate how I talk about privilege and being white on Twitter and the libertarians and anarchists just bash me and I get unfollows every time I talk about it. But I worked at the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination and I just saw how radically different people that are not white straight males are treated and I realized that I was going to say,  and I but I did learn how to organize politically and so I saw this organizing experience or opportunity at Michigan with these MIT and Sanford clubs and so I asked for the journalists put me in touch with them I just thought something might happen and so I'm gonna name drop right now because it's so funny who is on those calls so the head of the MIT Bitcoin clubs were Dan Eilitzer who's now does venture  as clubs, offering to share resources with one another. And at the MIT guys are talking about their potential $100 Bitcoin drop and the first college conference. And there seems to be a lot of opportunity. Ryan and Andy who have gone on to become two of my best friends, we dropped out of school at the same time together, were very smug and wanted to tell us about anything they were doing. But, you know, I felt like we could do something with these groups. At the end of the call I suggested, hey, why don't  I think it was probably Gox imploding that brought attention to Bitcoin to so many young people, but within three months we had incorporated and had 100 chapters in 20 plus countries on every habitable continent. I mean, it was just an extraordinary success. I was asked to speak at conferences and then through what would become the blockchain education network as it is now, I met Joey Krug,  the youngest person in the world ever do that. I mean crazy. I mean he is he I got so lucky meeting him and so he was actually from a small town in Illinois and so I plan to spend the summer working on the nonprofit that summer so I was like hey just like come to Michigan and spend a few weeks here and work on the company. I got him to some crypto conferences in Chicago and we just spent a bunch of time together and we developed a real kind of brotherhood  I was supposed to take one class each semester and then work on my senior thesis so I could focus on my nonprofit and my startup. And so I was like, Joey, I don't know. I'm down to work on this from school, but I don't know if I really want to drop out and focus on this full-time. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm going to be a student. I'm  and all my AP credits, they didn't count. I maxed out my credit limit from out of state and all of a sudden in order for me to graduate on time I would have had to take like eight classes each semester or been in college for like a whole extra semester after the following year in addition to taking, being that deep in courses. And the Dean of the Honors College for the first time in her career told me to drop out of school. She's like I've never done this before but I see what you're doing with your non-profit.  I would regret it for the rest of my life and that's why I told my parents and I was like look if in two years this hasn't worked out I'll find my way find a way to pay my Way back into school and I'll go back to school and I'll finish but I gotta go do this Bitcoin thing and So I ended up dropping out like two weeks where's this semester started summer of 2014? Okay, and so Joey and I Dropped out of school and then we're like wait. We don't have any money  the most disastrous scenario you could imagine. Joey just came out to me when I got to the house and he was like, I don't know what we got ourselves into. I mean, it was bad. The CEO who will go unnamed had just lost his mind, was office meds, had just had a child out of wedlock. Nobody really knew what they were doing. The company had no direction and it was the most stressful thing  Pitching this point of sale startup that takes credit cards and Bitcoin payments, there was the switch to the chip and debt system from Swype beginning in 2015. So Joey and I are like, we'll create this new startup that implements a chip reader and also takes crypto payments. We created actually the first Bluetooth low energy bit for Bitcoin payments and actually even did  was really good at betting on the electoral and college outcomes. I made thousands of dollars in high school and college. And then, so, entry gets shut down and there are no real prediction market platforms. So, I saw the need, potentially, for decentralization. Now, obviously, at that time, it was the first fad of decentralize all the things. In fact, Bitpay even had a sticker that said that. But I thought most decentralized things people were talking about were pretty stupid, decentralized things.  I'm deciding, you know, we can't do this in LA. There's no resources here. It's the first place where, or the second time I met Brock Pierce, who would become my colleague at Blockchain Capital, and you know, he was like, look, I've worked in the world of gambling for a long time, and you guys are probably gonna go to jail for this, stay with the payment, the same with the payment system. But I just felt this calling for creating this decentralized global source of truth and forecasting. And so I'm like, guys, like, let's go.  And when I came back just our housing situation was the nightmare We found this dingy two-bedroom or three-bedroom apartment out in Daly City in San Francisco And I dubbed it the Bitcoin basement Because it was literally the basement of the house which would end up flooding like a month in I mean it was it was it was roughing it in the most quintal Quintessential sense of the term in terms of Silicon Valley startups. I mean everything that went wrong could you know?  name especially because we wanted it to be a hub for entrepreneurs and crypto people to hang out because there was no place like that back in 2014 or 2015 at this point we moved in in January and so the crypto castle was born as a result and The hardship didn't stop but so when you move into crypto castle, what's the general premise? Just you guys are gonna live there. You're gonna build It's just it's just a office for auger. That was it  took off, came to interview Vitalik about Ethereum, and then was so fascinated by our house that she ended up breaking an entire article about the Crypto Castle. And from then on, it's just been a touchstone for any journalist wanting to coverage crypto and not wanting to have to do the intellectual work required to explain crypto. Just write about the Crypto Castle. It's much easier to talk about a house full of Bitcoin enthusiasts than it is to talk about  I mean my favorite moment to this day was like three years ago and Vitalik was saying at the house and Bram Cohen came over, creator of BitTorrent, now Chia Network, and they had this very interesting intellectual conversation and standoff that was just one of the most amusing engagements because they're both wonderful guys, but both kind of on the spectrum. I think they'd both say that. And so the interaction was  when it comes to prediction markets, Elizabeth Stark, who would go on to found the lightning labs. They were there and we just had this long late night of conversation. Everything at the castle, either in San Francisco or Miami, I try to keep spontaneous. I'm known as a partier, but I don't like to plan parties. I just like to have things happen, have alcohol flow, and just have there be a free flowing dynamic where people can converse  doing auger that I wasn't going to last. There were three, probably three years, two, three years left of coding. I wasn't a coder. Wanted to keep costs low. Had a falling out with one of my co-founders and left the project. And at that point, because this is kind of how these ICO dynamics worked, especially back then, they were so rudimentary. I was fully vested, if you will. So the economic incentive wasn't really there.  comment theme  and if we're gonna become a VC. Two years later, the offer lands at my door and I'm like, sure, I'll do it. I was willing to do it for free. They offered me some carry on the fund and I was like, that's perfect. I had enough money from the Augur ICO, back pay from salary and such that I felt comfortable. And so I was like, yeah, I'll do it. I'll go be a VC. And it was a great time because that was really the depth  a really great thing at probably what, 24, 25 years old. So that was one of the best experiences I could have had at that point. What are some of the companies that you guys invested in while you were there? So the companies that where I really helped lead the investment, there were a handful, Bolt, which is my Ryan, who I'd known for several years at that point, I started this payments company that you know, shifting between Bitcoin and  about the valuation of the US. Yeah, and the valuation would cause hesitation, but they're rock stars. Eric and Ryan, the two co-founders are just brilliant. Classic Stanford, did Silicon Valley, started a dropout. The love of the guys, and they're doing amazingly. And they've got some interesting stuff up their sleeves in regards to crypto. And then Tyrion, a Wayne Vaughn startup, I met him at the very first consensus.  the best entrepreneur. Like I am not a builder per se. I am a masterful delegator. And so I can real I'm really helpful with entrepreneurs that need to build companies. I'm really helping them delegate focus on what they need to focus on. I'm much better at helping entrepreneurs build companies rather than building them myself. At that point I had built the blockchain education network in Hager. But I was I was becoming less certain that I was  and it's my favorite resource to give people that I've never want to learn about blockchain technology because it's print, you sit down with it, you start from front to finish, and at the end you have a sense of what blockchain technology is and what its potential is. And so that was a really great thing that I accomplished while at BCAP and then also helped them structure the first tokenized security ever. So while at Augurite we created the first utility token,  rep token and after our sale, the term ICO dissipated. We actually effectively got rid of it, but then it came back with a vengeance. With Augur, what we did was we realized that in order to have a decentralized consensus or a decentralized oracle, if you will, you had to have a token that was not Ether in order to turn history into our story, a collective recollection of truth.  utility token is that there will probably be a few hundred in the world. I heard Jeremy Alaire on your podcast earlier today saying that