 Thanks for watching!  people  was not an ideal state at all. What I mean by that is that you end up with a data economy where corporations give you a product for free and you become the product effectively by these. They sell on your data, they monetize on top of you, and that's not a future that makes sense for me. At least if that's where technology brings us, then technology in the original dream of the internet, which was supposed to connect us to open communications to enable us to have interactions with people across the world without surveillance, then that dream has failed. And so that set out  Capital Partners thereafter joined eVentures based in Hamburg spent a lot of time with some great people there Christian Miele, Jonathan Becker Looking at the blockchain space at a time was almost like Bitcoin is dead. This underlying blockchain technology is interesting I think we all remember that sort of thread of thought luckily not too many investments were made and the investment ceases of most people have sort of shifted back, but that really started early on through the interest but also just thinking around where value will accrue in the long term in the space and then  and create Fabric. And Fabric is effectively a venture capital fund, so a long-term fund, 10-year fund, taking multi-year positions into decentralized networks and the web3 space. We're quite agnostic to equity, tokens, safts, safes, as long as ultimately we hold the asset that accrues value. Over time, we're seeing more and more early stage equity rounds that might or might not lead to a token in the long term. But that's quite a flexible point for us. Where did the name Fabric come from? That's a very good question. So Richard is convinced that he was sitting  support structure for the next wave of the internet. And that's what fabric is. Got it. Someone's supposed to imply. Yeah, that makes some sense. And then obviously your background, right, is like the quintessential background for seeing the value that something like this can bring. Right. I think a lot of people in the United States, for example, they don't, they haven't lived a life that they've seen the negative impacts of the internet. Right. That the kind of most negative impact is probably, hey, somebody tried to meddle in our election,  I come close to knowing what it actually does. I didn't actually live through it. I grew up in Luxembourg, so that was quite a cozy place to live up, to grow up. But I grew up with the stories of my family who obviously lived through that. So a bit of background, grandparents, university professors, writers, who obviously as intellectuals were considered to be enemies of the states, my mother as well. And so they lived through a regime where their neighbors were reporting on them because the state had something on them or they depended on them or they would pay them.  And there's some really interesting philosophers who have written about it, whether you take Foucault or Bentham, or about the idea of a panoptical prison where you have a single, let's say a panoptical prison is effectively you have a prison with a single guard in the middle that is in a glass tower and can observe every single inmate, but none of the inmates know whether they're being watched or not. And that creates an effect where the fear of being watched and not knowing whether you're being watched or not is actually enough of a power to affect your human behavior. And so that's one of the big pieces that Foucault put out.  the board it's a very difficult place to live in. And one of the main realizations is that, well, one might think whatever, when I think about the different regimes, but quite often they start as a almost attractive sort of vision that one can sell. They get in power somehow. They get in power somehow. And then they lure you in with something that might look like an interesting sort of movement to be a part of. And very quickly, because of how human nature behaves and because some of these people are absolutely despicable people,  and there's a really good post about this where most platforms are in a sort of attract-attract-attract mode early on to get that critical velocity in terms of users. And once they have them, they obviously try to extract stuff, and then that switch happens, and all of a sudden the user is dependent on the state or dependent on the platform, and you can't really move away from it or very difficultly. And they have full power of what they do to you. They can sell on your data, they can charge increased prices, they can block off your API access if you're a developer working on top of another platform. And that radically changes lives. And people, obviously, if you're a sort of corporate shareholder, you're happy  in sensitivity and now Netflix is getting closer to price discovery. I don't think that's a very controversial idea.  because you're acting as an emotional human being and they have a rational data-driven approach to it. It's this whole idea, somebody said to me one time, no one would sign up for any social network, whether it's Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, whatever. If on the front page it said, give us your email and we're going to sell it to all these people. Sign up and we're going to track where everywhere you go. If all of the disclosures were on the homepage, no one would sign up. That's probably the reason for which disclosures are 59 pages.  data. Right. They don't sell your personal data in the sense that people think right. It's not like hey somebody you know an academic comes in or a research comes and says hey give me the data on max. What they do which research probably carries enough for that. It is about an aggregate about a population. Exactly. So they're doing that type of stuff in terms of aggregate anonymized that. But they're also doing is they're doing targeting. Right. And the reason why I think the difference is so important is selling my data right to your point is I don't know if it's really that important to  Yeah, and especially if you if you take it to a political level where I mean as Trying to be intellectually honest with ourselves generally we try to get out of our echo chambers which I suffer of quite a bit with Twitter where it seems that everybody has similar interests to me, but Getting the other side of the table is always important and if you live on social media and you get all of your information from social media you obviously get targeted into these echo chambers specifically the ones that either serve corporates or social media platforms or buyers of  the UK we've had the same thing with Brexit where I think a lot of people who voted in favor of Brexit were basically voting against the European Union and those evil people in Brussels and Luxembourg who were dictating what they could and couldn't do. Equally with Macron and France. Macron came a bit out of nowhere and got a fair bit of popularity but he ultimately won because people rallied against Marine Le Pen which was sort of the far right candidate. And when you have that targeting that is so specific and you have someone who is literally native and can actually use that to their advantage it changes politics.  how well received it is by the audience, right? To somebody like you and I who, you know, it's our job to understand technology, how people use it, et cetera, it's very obvious, right? Look, you're using things to go viral and you're spreading a message. It's, you know, propaganda from one category, it's marketing from the other category, right? But I'm shocked at how few of their contemporaries have picked up on what's happening and figured out how to do it themselves. And brings this question of like, are digital  a lot of companies that have sprung out of basically their marketing campaigns. I mean, you've mentioned on the podcast recently, I believe that you're a marketing or an advertising business that is monetizing via an investment fund. And that resonated a lot because ultimately what you're doing is you're gaining attention and you are making the best investments because of that attention. You tweeted yesterday or two days ago, so I'm looking to make a seed investment, whether you recommend I should look at. And all of a sudden you had over 500 recommendations to look at. People talk about proprietary deal flow when your fundraising  to your point, we found out of those 1500, there's probably a thousand we didn't know about. And it's just there, we're talking about a global world where there's people in every corner building companies and nobody knows about them. It's literally people are DMing me and saying, hey, I work in a we work in whatever city in the world and I haven't told anyone what I'm building yet, I'd love for you to take a look. Pretty cool. The flip side of that is how do you synthesize all that information?  sense that you only got three positions and most people have been convinced that it is unpatriotic to not vote, right? In the sense that if you don't like any of the three candidates, absolving from voting is not appropriate. And what that does is then it forces you to vote against somebody. Who do I not like the most out of these two or three? Okay, I'm going to vote for the other side, right? So in Luxembourg, given it's such a small country, actually, the vote is an obligation, a legal obligation.  be on the left or on the right is the moment when people mix up reality and fantasy. And unfortunately, once you're getting into a defamation game, especially with these mass channels of social media or of news, which 10, 20 years ago were able to reach an order of magnitude less people at half the speed, you move towards actually sort of blurring those lines between reality and fantasy. And that's a massive problem. We'll starting now with sort of fake stories, but very quickly we'll get into deep fake videos where you'll not be able  to be able to be manipulated and the part that I think scares me is less like go to a court of law, right? Because in a court of law, there's going to be experts and there's going to be technology that validates or doesn't validate. It's more of the like social discourse. Right. That's been 30 seconds. Lances over it. See that. Yeah, it looks good enough. Checks out. I believe. Yeah. And it's your friend who's mad that you said something. Right. There's no court of law. There's no technology validation. Right. It's just, oh, that guy's an asshole now because I can't believe  of our intellectual horsepower accelerating that technology, and we spend very, very little of it trying to understand the impacts on society, right? And we kind of just deal with that later. Exactly. I mean, that's being sort of the move fast, break things theory in Silicon Valley, but to the point of what we can do actually against quality take videos. I think part of it is that historically you can really replicate my speech because it was live online. Indeed, you can replicate it. You can create a copy. You can modify it. You can create 100 copies.  and then we can talk about some of the nuances.  globe, it just makes sense that every single good will be digitized at some point. And then what you open up with that is this whole open finance stack where not only can you create and cast the assets for much cheaper, but also you can transfer them across the globe and you can build applications on top of that. So if you think about what MakerDAO has done today, you can open a CDP, put some ETH in and get a loan programmatically without having to interface with any human at any point in time. But in the future, when you go to a multi-clateral die, what if you can tokenize your invoice or you can tokenize  .  someone to get into a stranger's car, simply because you pulled out an application on your phone and called for them. And we believe that the next wave of Web 3 will largely be built on three similar layers. One of them is that this proliferation of edge computing is the computing stack has been pushed out to the very limits of the edge. The IoT device is on a farm in Kansas. It's on your health tracking device. It's indeed on your phone, your car, your house. And so the amount of data points that are generated by these IoT devices has sprung up massively.  It's going to be humans, machines, animals in the future. And that, first of all, unlocks a huge amount of value in terms of what becomes possible to interact, what who can interact in this economy. But also it really fundamentally shifts the power structure from what I mentioned earlier. It moves you from these tech giants that are promising that they won't be evil to all of a sudden you've got this peer to peer architecture, which is fundamentally can't be evil. And so that's one of the main thesis around which we've built a fund. We think that  from these new shared data structures.  But ultimately, the businesses that really took off were business models that were not really imaginable before. If you consider open source, open source is contributing about $400 billion worth of value to the economy on a yearly basis. If you follow this certain reports, if you consider sort of the sharing economy, it would never have been possible to even imagine that you might share your apartment with a random stranger because you let them in via an application. Even the SaaS economy, it was never imaginable that you could spring up a year sort of cloud-based infrastructure on demand.  a bunch of the native assets, Blockstream holds a bunch of Bitcoin, Consensus a bunch of Ether, and we're just gonna make the network more valuable. And so our business model is not revenue generating, but rather it's just the appreciation of value of that native asset that we hold. And then you had a business model on top of that, which said, hey, this asset is super volatile, why don't we tax volatility? And that sort of exchanges the custodians and that enabled that and took fees to have been traditional business models. And then we started exploring what's possible outside of currency. The very first sort of utility token models, which I'm not a big fan of the word utility token, but it's just been  because PQ is just a fudge factor to make the equation work. And so when people criticize the velocity problem, it's not really that applicable. And ultimately, I think a lot of projects have realized that there is no rational reason for value to accrue to such payment tokens right now, or at least it hasn't played out yet. And so people are moving away from that. One of the most interesting areas of our business models that I think fundamentally changes the game are work tokens. We consider them to be sort of supply side focused. Explain what those are. So taking an analogy, maybe the easiest way is to consider them like a taxi medallion,  is that as more and more people start using the network, there's more and more revenues flowing to all of these holders of these assets. And so given there's a limited supply of these assets, people will buy them and their value should go up theoretically or in a rational manner. And now we've got this whole staking economy that's building up around that where people are buying these assets, staking them to get part of the block rewards, but also part of the fees. And the reason we're so excited about them is not only do they have a very rational value accrual mechanism where you can see, okay, it's not a central company that's getting all these revenues,  So given that it's not being used for anything else, I can massively undercut any centralized entity that is paying for every single sort of gigabytes that they provide. And so the coordination mechanism coupled with the fact that you have a sort of a clear revenue stream for all of these token holders makes a lot of sense from a business model perspective. And going forward, we'll see a huge amount of other experimentation if you think about governance tokens, if you think in terms of business models, if you think about providing UX and UI to some of these networks. I mean, so Augur went live a few months ago as one of the sort of  very targeted interfaces for a specific use case to a specific audience, right? It's almost like the network itself, the product market fit is found through an interface, right? And those interfaces being built on top then have to find the product market fit between like the network and the user. It's almost like a user network fit, I guess, is found by building a specific interface. Yeah, absolutely. If you take the case of Augur, you might have users who just want to bid on sports gaming because they count on you.  to shut you down as a business. It's super interesting. What areas of crypto do you think people are not talking about but should be paying more attention to? Not talking about should be paying more attention. I think a really interesting topic that is starting to creep into conversation and it's actually a pretty controversial one when you sort of see the conversations going on about it but is the idea of sustainability of open source software development and given most of crypto is so well, I would like to say all but unfortunately not of crypto is open source.  by Kevin Awocki from Gitcoin actually put that out recently of how do you incentivize the core developers? Because right now 100% of the block reward goes to miners. Why is there not 20% of that that goes to the core developers who are actually creating the network? It just makes sense. People are intending at the network, they get paid. People are creating or developing or improving the network, they should also get paid. And there's a few projects that are also trying to solve that. Gitcoin is one, there's Molokdao by Amin. There's a company called OScoin that we actually invested in. It's a fantastic team.  94% of actually developers are using open source software. So you've got this whole economy. Our entire economy is built on open source software from the Facebooks, to the Googles, to the Amazon of the world. They're all using open source software and yet a lot of these projects, 93% of NPM packages have one maintainer. And this is one maintainer who's not being paid, who's doing it as a hobby. And they might very well quit the next day because they're getting harassed by online communities. And so trying a sustainable model to support these maintainers, I think is one of the most important problems that not enough people are talking about. Absolutely. What do you think is an over-hyped area of carpool?  going on in the ecosystem, what development is going on, it's all sort of top right. If you look at sort of Ethereum addresses, there are 60 million Ethereum addresses, 30 million added in the past year, so they have doubled. If you look at sort of unspent transaction output on Bitcoin, they're at the all time high now, again after the peak in January 2018. If you look at Solidity developers on Ethereum, you've got sort of Zeppelin OS, they've reached over 500,000 downloads of open Zeppelin, Truffle, like an ash of over a million downloads. If you look at Maker, which is actually one of the few projects that have hit product market fit in some shape or form,  JPMorgan, which is launching their own coin, whatever you might think about what the JPMorgan coin might be worth. We don't even know how it's going to be, what exactly it will do in the end. But that's a stamp of approval from a bank where the CEO of years ago was saying that Bitcoin was doomed to fail and we would never touch it. All of a sudden you've got them issuing their own decentralized currency. And so from that perspective, I think there's a huge amount of positive developments and yet people are talking about price, which has indeed been down. Now, I guess the past two months have been the first two positive months in a row since June last year.  companies in crypto. They're great because they bring access to the volatility and people can trade on it, but they're not fundamentally doing as much work as consensus and parity in developing the underlying technology. It is somewhat, sort of my view, somewhat focused on Ethereum and I admit that, but parity has done a huge amount and we are investors in Polkadot, so full disclosure there, but parity has done a huge amount of work for the Ethereum ecosystem. They built one of the first clients, they've built a lot of solutions early on and they've been doing that relentlessly for the past couple of years. Consensus have built more  the US and Europe. In the US you've got the SCC and CFTC that are pushing things forward with slowly. In Europe you've got a bunch of nation states that want to become the hotspot for crypto. Just like Switzerland and Luxembourg with hotspot for banking, a lot of smaller countries are realizing that there's a big opportunity to be the most crypto-friendly ecosystem for founders to come launch in. So you've got Malta, you've got Gibraltar, you've got Switzerland, which have all issued very clear statements in terms of regulation of what is the security, what isn't the security, how you can issue it, or how  what they can launch, what they can't launch, and they might move away from the US every time. We'll see how that plays out, but I think a lot of clarity would be much better. What's the most important book you've ever read? I'd probably go with Milan Cundeira, Lance de Porta, Le Jourd et Lettres in French. What was that? In translation, it's The Unbearable Lightness of Being. Okay, explained. I'm not a big fan of business books, so it's not in that.  reality is where you can compare to. The moment something happens you should forget about it. It sort of loses its importance because it's done and you should move on to the next thing. And the second aspect I really like about that book and sort of has shaped my view quite a bit is on the political nature is that it's sort of three different characters that are living through life in Czechoslovakia during a communist regime and all of them come to the same realization that the political party is very rarely or almost never in favor of the individual. They always try to  of century, mainly focused on the communist and Nazi regimes. I'm reading it right now, and it's actually fascinating. It's incredible how many parallels there are today. Yeah, absolutely. Speaking of parallels, parallel universes, aliens, real or not? We were introduced by Richard Burton. I hope Richard Burton will introduce me to a whole bunch of other aliens. He claims they are real and they live on Earth. In terms of parallel universes,