 I got a special treat for you today. We've got Dan here who sits in a very unique aspect of the crypto ecosystem. Thank you so much for coming, sir. Thank you, Pomp, for having me. Excited to be here. Absolutely. Let's do a little bit on your background and how you eventually discovered crypto and then we can get into what you're doing with Vision Hill. Sure. So I started my career in valuation and transaction.  the buy-as-out opportunities where I was essentially trying to manage a portfolio to capitalize on the opportunities across those different marketplaces. So my crypto story really began in late 2016, early 2017. I had two college roommates that were computer science majors, but back in college I totally ignored what they were focused on, as I imagine most people did. And then in 2016, 2017, I started to take another look at the SAS class because I just saw so much buzz  you did with Vision Hill as a fund of funds, but maybe talk a little bit about just describing what a fund to fund is, how they normally work in traditional markets, and why you chose to go do fund of funds outside of a city when you left.  conversations with a lot of his peers to open up a direct fund strategy. And I met Scott through a mutual friend of mine who essentially introduced us because he thought our success was very complimentary. And the idea of a fund of funds was started because both of us realized that the opportunity in front of us is absolutely massive and we wanted to capitalize on all those different strategies. So Vision Hill is very much a multi-strat digital asset investment firm that invests in other hedge funds to capitalize  fund landscape review and we do this about two times a year so a semi-annual review. So in the summer of 2018, right after the second quarter ended, we basically did a deep screening across the entire landscape trying to figure out who the investable funds were and what strategies they were executing. So at the time, we had screened a little over 300 funds and we identified five main strategies that we curated into our benchmarking work that we published  context and our research and when we did our second deep dive fund landscape review as at the end of fourth quarter, we found, we were tracking around 425 funds, almost at the end of first quarter 2019, that number is now exceeding 500, but back to fourth quarter, the crypto native fund landscape aggregate assets under management, we estimated to be about 4.5 billion and the top 20 funds was comprised approximately  hedge fund and venture fund landscape AUM to be about six billion. So actually between Q2 in 2018 and Q4, there was almost a 30% drawdown in assets managed by these funds. That's what we estimate. No, capital is and has been tough across the board. And how much of that is because the asset value drew down versus like redemptions? Do you know? So we don't have that data. But it is something that we very much hope to include in our future analysis.  goes back up because there's that flight to quality. And what you're saying is basically in the fund landscape, you're seeing the same thing. Those top 20 funds are really dominating in terms of AUM, especially during the bear market. That's correct. And going back to a question about fund redemptions, the average lockup period for most hedge funds that we have seen has varied between one year and three years. Three years is on the longer end. So any redemptions that happened, no, you're still locked up for a long time.  strategies that you guys identified. But maybe talk a little bit about, you know, let's do this first. Why don't you describe those five and give a little bit of more detail on what do you mean by each of the five categories? Sure. So we also describe those five in our quarterly benchmarking pieces. So for anyone listening, if you want to read more comprehensively, it is publicly available. Fundamental, I think is a pretty straightforward, you know, you have on one side, long only managers that really do a deep  each other to ensure that a state is reached so that consensus can be achieved and then move on to the next transaction which would be a new state. So it's essentially a state transition function. So safety refers to protecting against double spends. So when you think about those tradeoffs and you know Byzantine for tolerance which is essentially protecting against bad actors these managers are really studying at the layer one level all the tradeoffs that the engineers have made and then trying to figure out which one is poised for  in side pockets, which are simply just carved out allocations for illiquid investments that are separated from the main fund but are funded nonetheless by the existing limited partners. So that's sort of like how fundamental breaks down. If we turn to quantitative, you know, this is also continuing to be an interesting developing sub-asset strategy, but you have your market neutral managers, so these guys could essentially be doing basis trading or it could be doing exchange  to  new form of crypto collateral. And then the last one is what we refer to as generalized mining. And generalized mining is really just active network participation. So if you think about, you know, blockchain is really just our ways of coordinating human behavior so that you are either contributing a decentralized digital go-to-service to a network and then either being remunerated for that contribution or paying for that specific contribution on a given network. So by essentially  the difference between public and private investing, right? Kind of in the traditional markets, it's very well articulated, very well understood. In this market, it's a little bit different in that you've got public and market investing, which is what most people think of crypto, right? And then the private market is really these credit or venture opportunities. How do you think about that from a fund to fund perspective? That's a great question. So exactly like you said, public crypto is really the crypto that most of the world sees. So these are your liquid  15 to 20 billion. And a lot of that is really because if you look at 2017, you saw the potential for illegal securities offerings in the ICO boom. So that shifted a lot of capital formation back to the private markets because a lot of entrepreneurs have been wanting to build and also be regulatory compliant. So we want to raise capital to fund our startups, but also we don't want to break down the loss. So the way we think about it is, you know, it goes back to side pockets and getting access  money valuation, which is a paper valuation, and doesn't necessarily represent fair value. It's entirely possible that the private market could still trade a significant discount to those post-money valuations because we're already starting to see that in secondary markets. Coinbase was trading at about 60 cents in a dollar. We saw our circle trade at one point in time for about 25 cents in a dollar. You see simplified agreements for future token saps trade at discounts as well for other projects.  of somewhere like an IPO, right? Like to some degree, and you got the ICOs, which is another form of an IPO, right? And so you kind of have various applications of financing mechanisms or kind of, you know, networks going live, etc. It's pretty cool to watch. Definitely. Give us some insight into the institutional interest, right? So you guys basically, your job is to go raise capital from institutions, family offices, high net worth, and then you go and you deploy it into all of these different funds.  about  more or less stable relative to spot price, I think is an entirely bullish signal. And that wasn't the case just a few months back. And then also in the make or die ecosystem, this is a more granular example, but the fact that DIE is trading below a dollar suggests that a lot of users are leveraging long the price of ETH because they don't want to sell it. And we can get into the mechanics of that peg if you want. But I think that's also incredibly, incredibly bullish signal because people  surprisingly very in line with retail sentiment, right? And what you've got to remember is, I don't care if you're a CIO at an endowment or you're an analyst, you know, at a public pension, you're still human and you're still, you know, feeding off of the same information, whether it's, you know, Reddit, Facebook, or I'm sorry, a Twitter, Telegram, et cetera, that that sentiment change is kind of happening across the landscape, which is important. Definitely. And sentiment seems to be, no, if you think about, if you think about it like a boulder, it's very hard to control.  transmitters for institutions to come into the SASA class because the SASA class is very opaque, it's very complex, there's a lot of front end and back end complexities that may not necessarily be picked up by someone that's looking at the SASA class for the first time. So from a strict risk management perspective, we want to be able to offer sophistication of diligence, both for ourselves and our investors, but also for all the funds that we have diligence in so that they are employing what we believe are best practices.  is transparent with their data, whether it's performance, whether it's how they think about their strategy, whether it's just market sentiment and their own narratives. But we want to diligence them from a framework that we have at Vision Hall that basically starts off by going deep into strategy and philosophy and then going granular into how do they think. So it's quantitative and qualitative. Quantitative, kind of like a side note, one of our advisors likes to say it takes three years.  don't have that many case studies of the value creation. If I entered into the private deal with the one times multiple of capital and I was able to generate whatever the exit multiple is, hopefully it's higher than one times, what's that attribution? What's that value creation attribution in between point A and point B when point B is public? Given that there's not that much quantitative data to work with yet, a lot of it is very qualitative. Qualitative refers to how do people think. I usually refer to this as  is looking at certain metrics that are available on things like GitHub to try to understand developer activity. So for example, Electric Capital just posted this fantastic State of Developers report. It was amazing. Yeah, it was really beautiful. Shout out to Vichal on there, and it was so good. Yeah, that was really very impressive. And that really just painted a picture of the health of the development of all these networks, what the developers are working on, how many, what the trend of that developer growth is. And on GitHub, no certain metrics like NoComets and stars  languages that were in different trade-offs and distributed consensus. All I've called some really once said, if you have an air traffic control system, if you have an accounting legend, if you have a social media platform, all three of those use cases aren't going to demand the same program language and the same security and performance trade-offs. So I think that is one of the further technical from the inside because you have to really understand the decisions engineers are making and also the  And then last but not least in due diligence is operational due diligence. So this is not just your custody and your security and your asset verification. This is also what's evaluation policy. How do you mark your liquid positions based on what you determine?  of  of the private markets?  We can't  that you see are really big points for you in the operational due diligence. So what we see as really big points are business risk mitigation. So that really means is has your management company been separately capitalized to have sufficient one way to cover the cost of operations if you didn't get another dollar in the door for a profit or management fees. So in other words, are you separately and properly funded on your balance sheet to be able to cover the cost of operations?  more capital for your management company or you're going to have to shut down. So that's one key thing. What percentage of funds do you think are making money right now? Like they actually are past break even in profitable. So when they make money do you mean profit or do you mean that are having the management fees cover the cost of operation? Let's go with management fees cover the cost of operations. So I think there's a healthy chunk. I think there's absolutely healthy chunk. Now the top 20 funds that we just mentioned more or less  Incredibly important because investment teams given it's still extremely early days investment teams are very small and If you remove one person for the for whatever reason from the equation now What does that do to the investment strategy and the ability of the fund to execute that investment strategy? So how key personal risk is handled? You know is there a succession plan? No, who is the most valuable team member and what happens if they are essentially no longer part of the team?  apart from the investment team, we see enough talent in the other investment team members to continue to carry the fund forward. We don't really see any one investment team member being so important to the operation of the business that if they are gone, then it's very unlikely that the investment operation will shut down. We don't see that often, but we have seen it in certain cases, and that is nonetheless a risk to be very cognizant of. Got it.  is changing. I think it's skeptical, but from a healthy perspective. And that is very tough to control. It's not like a light switch. So I think that is a very positive catalyst for 2019, 2020, of course, the global macro fears based on the state of the global economy. But nonetheless, if you look at crypto in isolation of that, the fact that they're coming back to the table and reconsidering portfolio  a very interesting use case to enable permissionless value transfer and all kinds of financial tools for anyone anywhere in the world at any point in time. So I want to go deep with you on this because one framework that I've been using is institutional investors are still trying to underwrite fund managers. They're trying to meet due diligence and underwrite humans. DeFi, a lot of it is actually the humans are taken out of the equation, right? There's kind of algorithms and  party risk and the custodial risk of how do you actually custody these assets and how do you trust the technology as opposed to a human, I think is far too great right now. So I think a lot of institutions would still go up through managers before they start to do it directly. That very well could change in a few years, but right now I think the risk is too high. I actually respectfully disagree with the point about DeFi being mostly machine-driven algorithms. Okay, awesome. You don't even have to do it respectfully. You can disagree vehemently. I appreciate that.  And that, I think, is indirectly a function of the people that are working on maintaining the technology and also building the technology. So when I was going back to the idea of a monetary premium, you know, a lot of people that look at the Ethereum blockchain think that ETH is accruing the monetary premium because they see it be used as towards value in certain things like, you know, endowment or, you know, collateralized depositions maker. But, you know, if we take a step back and we think about the human aspect here, there are some programmable  developers. And that trend has been growing in a very steady pace throughout the last 12 months. So the fact that those people want to build on Ethereum and the fact that they don't really have many choices yet because a lot of the private program about the networks, you know, I'm talking like India, your divinity, your oasis, and so on. A lot of those teams are still very much operating in closed environments. So that talent is pretty much not necessarily able to go anywhere because of a  When I referred to social capital earlier, it removed that social capital. If those developers were to go to a different project that was private that went public or EOS or Zillikwa or Tezos, would people still have faith in the fact that ETH is a crude and monetary premium because it's being used in all these different DeFi applications? My argument would be no, because unless the talent can be replenished, unless you can actually match that talent with equal or higher caliber, no, it's hard to justify assigning the same value to that same  For sure. How does crypto do during an economic turn-down? On the public side? Yeah. Like, so Bitcoin, Ethereum, kind of all the public crypto, because I think that's probably the most volatile and most likely to be affected. All of a sudden, there's some sort of global, you know,