 All right guys bang bang I've got David here we have a whole bunch to go over you are I Think your last name is well known in crypto But you are behind the scenes quite a bit, so we're gonna get you tell us all your secrets. Thank God doing this sounds like fun All right, so you had a life before crypto Let's talk about that in your background, and then we can talk about how you've built walksman into  and get in the beauty publications, I'd work with them. If you were selling industrial LED lights that need to be installed in buildings and you wanted a bit of an edge in your sales pitch, I'd work with those types of companies too. Absolutely no specialization. And it was kind of fun. I really liked learning a lot about a lot and being able to ask very hard questions to really brilliant people in many different industries. And when you're launching a Middle East food chain in the United States and you're helping them rebrand and retitle their products, helping them figure out what their slogan is going to be and how that's going to affect  marketing is in some way essentially taking some sort of product or service and Helping an audience of customers understand what that product or service is Perhaps to make a compelling case as to why they should buy or utilize a product or service That's kind of broadly what marketing is and marketing has many many subset categories. For instance Advertising is a part of marketing when you're gonna go buy toothpaste. How do you know what toothpaste even exists in the first place? well, it turns out one way that you buy toothpaste the way most people do is  single campaign or announcement. And then we help companies get in the real news and in things similar to that, things like, for instance, this podcast where you're very, very selective. You turn down almost everybody. But if something has a compelling story and you think it's interesting, you'll say yes to that. And so Waxman helps our clients get into real news sources across the world. We have no favors to pull. It doesn't work that way. We're not paying anybody a penny. It's by virtue of the fact that we help take compelling stories and make them a little bit more interesting for the right audiences.  for that type of content as well, right? Playing matchmaker a little bit in the sense of, it's one thing about if a company or a founder can tell their story in a clear and articulate way, it's a whole nother thing for them to be able to get matched up with the people who are looking to tell that story for them in the news as well. 100%, and that's from the exposure side. We'll talk about the rest of PR, including crisis communications, including how to plan for disaster or challenges, because that happens too with every organization. But yes, in terms of gaining exposure, it's very hard to determine exactly who's going  And that's even with very compelling stories. It turns out reporters are cynics. Professional reporters have gone to journalism school. They are trained to determine what's newsworthy. They then are publishing articles all the time. And so they're getting new types of data. Are readers engaging? Are their editors happy with their work? Are their posts getting more love on some of these aggregator platforms? Are they getting shared on social? So that goes through from the media side. The media is determining what works and what doesn't. They also have their own narratives they want to tell. Some reporters are genuinely just interested in something  into crypto. When was the first time you ever saw crypto Bitcoin? What was that like? So this was early 2014 and I was downtown in New York at a bar called Sweet and Vicious and there was this tech founders night going on and I was just having a couple drinks meeting various folks and I met the CEO of an early Bitcoin exchange called CoinSetter. So for those of you who don't know CoinSetter was one of the first VC backed exchanges. Digital Currency Group, actually an offshoot of that, gave money at the time and they had raised about two million dollars in seed funds.  Bitcoin exchange had the same dream that Bitcoin would one day become popularized. But back then it certainly wasn't. This is early 2014, just after Mt. Gox. And I started working with this Bitcoin exchange and I was able to help them take their new features. Like for instance, the interest was called a fixed API, which is a type of way of connecting a computer system to algorithmically or through a trading system trade on exchange. And we managed to make a software feature like that somewhat compelling whenever they were able to go and get a new partnership with a  and only by criminals. That's what I learned or knew of before, because that's what I was reading in the news. But then I met this Bitcoin exchange CEO, and he was so smart and so compelling, and I started meeting his CTO, and then I started meeting all the partners. And what I noticed very, very swiftly as I started to read the Bitcoin Talk forums, or I was going on Reddit, or I was going to the Bitcoin in-person meetups, is that the average IQ of people working in the space seemed to be a little bit higher, or maybe a lot bit higher. And consequently, I felt I had to go and find out more,  I had to set up all the operations. And then what I would do is I would help our clients get in the news. So I would go and have personal relationships pitching to Pete Rizzo, the editor in chief of CoinDesk, or pitching to the owners of Bitcoin magazines and the editors at the time and the various other publications that mattered. There were some beat reporters that work at major publications even today who were also focused at the space of the time. People like Michael Casey, who was at the Wall Street Journal in Paul, Vina, Nathaniel Popper, Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfus at Reuters, and a number of other top reporters  I suddenly became a resource. If they needed to write a story in two days time and they needed a quote on the recent price action of Bitcoin, I could probably get them that. If there was a security breach or a hack or something else going on in the news, they might be reliant on one of my clients, in part because I was able to go and get them on the phone quickly and in a professional way. And it turned out they were interesting. So that's how things started. Today, Waxman works with, I don't know, 60, 70 clients worldwide. We work with a large swath of the biggest brands in the entire industry all over the world.  or a client will come to you and what are the different types of services that they're looking for? They're looking for kind of PR communications, crisis communications, just kind of walk us through what those services look like. Yeah, so what we're able to offer are the following and then I'll tell you what we don't offer yet, or not now, I should say. Right now we offer PR, branding, strategic communications, and crisis communications on the PR side. So we're gonna help people with their content, their own content. So that might be their blog, it might be their Medium posts, it might be helping them  insurance company trade publications that are very, very important to you. And it might be in specific geographies, it might be in certain languages, and we'll help our clients get into those types of publications. So that's what we do on the PR side. We then noticed in 2017, as there was a proliferation of events, that it was completely impossible for anyone, myself included, to actually keep track of what was going on. In fact, in 2018, there were 800 events that my events team vetted globally in the crypto space. And so what we do is we help our clients figure out  And I think that there's gonna be a lot of activity there got it So let's go right to kind of the most dramatic of all scenes, right is somebody's running a company All of a sudden they get wind or maybe even a story breaks that's negative. They currently do not work with a PR agency And they call you guys up and they say just help right walk me through those types of scenarios as to kind of how you guys  problem is and figuring out what we can say. And what Waxman does internally is we create a crisis playbook. We do this very, very rapidly. And this basically goes and tells absolutely every stakeholder in the organization exactly what they can say to whom, when and how and why. And we basically make this playbook work so that there is some sort of holding statement. So it's our statement you're able to make near instantaneously to let people know that you're looking into the problem, that you understand  There's one trusted journalist who you are going to be able to tell the nuanced version of your story to someone who is going to ask you hard questions, but they'll be fair and so we may identify a reporter that we might want to work with in this case it might be that you want to make a very bold statement you might have a large community on telegram you might have a large community just globally in different for and in different languages and we'll create a playbook for how message should be disseminated and when and the reason that matters is you're trying to prevent panic from occurring and Panic occurring has all sorts of knock-on effects  can communicate, here are ways to do it effectively, here are things to avoid doing, right? Kind of really walk away with a bunch of tips from it. But what are the scenarios where when somebody calls, well there's that founder or that investor and they're like, help, is it somebody's, you know, there's a nasty tweet about a company, is it that there's actually like a hit piece written in the media? Like, I'll give you a few. Yeah, give me some examples. How about a hack just occurred if you're in exchange? So that's happened before.  will remember. They will call you out on that. So never say something that you might have to revert and change your opinion on 24 hours later, 36 hours later, six months later. Simply don't make predictions. Don't say something that's not absolutely factual. It's okay to be repetitive in word choice. You don't need to be poetic. What's most important is being very, very clear. The more you obfuscate things, the more you're confusing, the more people will think that something else is going on. Once again, they have a compelling reason to do so.  With a new executive there might be better ways than others to go and Talk about the way that a founder is is changing the positions it might be when a hack occurs that you're able to actually convince people to not immediately withdraw all of their funds because it might have been that you got things under control within 10 minutes and it turned out it was just one hot wallet and You might have some really good reason why it happened an investigation beyond going and you could be cooperating with with authorities for instance as opposed to a thorn in their site  when you're talking to the media, here's what you should do. Here's the first problem I see with founders. This happens universally in every continent. Founders want to make reporters engage with them, and so they tend to tell them things they shouldn't. By that I mean they pre-announce stuff all the time. Got it. And this is, I can't explain how important this is. Once information is out, information is out. That prevents it from being news. News is literally about being new. So if something exists on the internet and a reporter  how important it is to be polite. There are some founders out there that for some reason tend to be combative with reporters. I don't see any reason to do so. These people are not your friends, but they are professionals who are trying to do a job. Just be polite with them. It will go a very long way. I know those two things seem pretty simple. Don't say what you're not supposed to do and be polite, but you might double or triple the exposure you'll get if you just do that for a little while. Yeah. Well, and part of it too is, you know, look, we, we've had plenty of founders over the years that, uh,  founder said and wrote about it, right? And the way that the article was written was ended up having a negative connotation, even though the reporter wasn't attacking or kind of writing a sort of hit job. It was just that the way that the founder described what they were doing was in a very kind of non-sensitized way. So I think I know what you mean. What it comes down to is people may have a founder has a very unique vision. It is a focused vision. And what it's very important to have  Be that grandma in Iowa may look at the exact same set of facts and have a very different perspective So a PR agency is meant to and we do this all the time Tell tell our clients. No, you can't say this. I know it's compelling. But if you do this here is how other people will view this Instead you might want to frame it a certain way in order that the same information can get across but the very least you're Presupposing the questions others are gonna ask to prevent it from being a complete disaster that happens very often we see  that when reporters ask pointed questions or frankly just tough questions, honest, fair questions, right, founders can feel like they're being attacked, right, or unfairly kind of questioned and that's where the combativeness comes from. And I think that your framing of like, look, they are simply trying to do their job and their job is not to, you know, kind of promote your company. Their job is actually to write about the facts. So let's talk about that for a second. Here's the difference between advertising  They would say, be my guest, go pay $60,000 for a full page ad, and we're happy to go and put this on page A7. But if you want to be in the news section, well, the journalists and the editors, they've got all the control and they're not there to promote. They're there to tell what they think is an interesting story to the audience that they happen to have. And it's very important to know when you're going into an interview, this is another tip for founders. Make sure to know who the reporter is, what they typically write about, who their audience is and what they're interested in.  That has an audience of people that stay at the holiday end. Mm-hmm. Well, you're doing it wrong. Absolutely and I guess part of this also is as founders Get more comfortable talking to the press like you see this with you know folks the first time they go on television Right or the first time they give an interview. It is Very raw. It is very Just kind of blunt and honest, right? And then when you see somebody you you know, I think you and I would consider they are  Use in their stories because that's something else that I've seen a lot and I think you know you now I've talked about previously is like most founders I Get the sense of they're basically telling the reporter their story as if the reporter is the end consumer, right? Instead they need to understand that the reporter is there to get information from you so they can write a story You're providing them the tools right and then the reporters gonna go do their job, which is a little bit different I think it's very different. So two major things to take from that. The first is yes reporters are gathering facts  is yes, founders, they tend to not necessarily be media trained or not think that they need it. Media training is a service that Waxman does for its clients. And the reason we do it is it has a huge effect on what the output's gonna be. One of the things that we tell people is speak in short sentences. If you aren't able to get your point across fairly quickly, it's not gonna be something people can remember. It might be, and I've spent some time with founders, they cannot just speak, but they think in paragraphs and even pages  who's one, two, three people. They haven't raised any money. They've kind of just built what we can't really call a company yet. It's more of like a project that they've built and they're trying to get some awareness for it. Any tips for those types of people as to things that they can do kind of as my partner Jason Williams would say, balling on a budget. Anything there that you think could help them? Absolutely. So the first thing that they should do is figure out what they have that's unique. So it turns out the same thing that may be  You're all about eos if you're all about hash graph all the hash graph and look think look by googling and see who are the reporters that write about that ecosystem Pitch of those people and again pitch in a very compelling and brief way Tell them exactly what you have see if they're interested in learning more and then if they are give them more information Exactly what they ask for not anymore than that don't flood them. Don't spam them. Just give them that type of information That's one to recognize that what is newsworthy over time?  that your announcement, if it's closer to the first than the second, is probably not going to be that compelling. I'm not saying that you need to have a prime minister to come on board. Barack Obama does not need to be on your board of directors, but you do need to recognize what you've got and then be okay with what you'll get as a result. Yeah. And it feels like a lot of what you guys deal with is what I'll call more like the professional media, right? So this is, you know, large publications, everything from television to production.  Now people are suddenly on telegram, which is pretty great, but the conversations themselves I'm not sure that they've entirely evolved the crowd sometimes are just enormous It's very hard to keep track of everything that's going on every telegram channel in fact I'd be interested to know The average person in crypto how many different telegram chats they're subscribed to at any given time And how many they actually read well I was gonna say forget subscriptions. How many do they actually open let's say on a daily basis I bet you it's less than five I'm sure it is but there might be one or two that are their favorites where they're a huge contribution  Absolutely and keep on that thread for a second about trust right how much of the communications of a organization are about getting the end user potential customers or a partner's whatever to trust the Company versus the individuals right like you know if you think of Facebook, right? there's The company and there's Mark Zuckerberg Sheryl Sandberg and a whole host of other folks if you think of Twitter there's Twitter and then there's Jack Dorsey, right?  So therefore you have to trust something something has to be compelling and you might want to build to a crescendo moment when a product is released when it's finally available So how do you get reviews for a product six months down the road when you have no brand today? Well what you often do is you start with building what's called thought leadership and you hear this concept a lot and I know it sounds incredibly tacky but it comes down to is Reporters themselves six months from now are more likely to go and open up an email from about someone that they've heard  about space, but they could probably talk about a few other things that are related to physics or things where physics suddenly gets into the whole blockchain space. That gives them enough of an expertise to listen talk and opine about other topics in the future. If they write an article, it's like a byline article or not that if they're able to publish one, two, three, five of them, suddenly they might have a bit of an audience on social. So when a reporter down the road is looking to figure out should they write a story on some pitch that came through the door, that person might look more compelling. It's all about building  Type publications write about them more and my hunch has always been that if somebody has a large social Following the media wants to write about them because then that person will share the article and they'll get more traffic That's 100% the case you gotta remember media has been essentially consolidating because there's no money in media right now And we've seen that over and over again reporters don't get paid nearly enough editors don't get paid nearly enough and they're looking for ways to compete in an increasingly small market because there's so much free content out there and near free content out there that they're competing with this is  Authenticity and transparency while still understanding the boundaries of which to operate right and I think that what you're describing in terms of look There's a lot of times where saying nothing actually may be the right strategy or ways to promote or present information That is well received by media But then there's the levels of authenticity and transparency, right and I think that that balance is really hard to strike It's fascinating to me some people are just natural at it, right? And so these some companies have  that earlier and I think that we should keep coming back to trust with their audience or with their potential audience and The way with which you say something is one way to go and establish trust just as much as the content of what you say I mean look if you look at you know, let's say Kraken and bit max for example, right? So Kraken with the whole BSV. Should they delisted should they not like I thought it was a very Clever move on their part to ask they literally ran a poll on Twitter and said should we do this right and the audience responded and the  etc. He warned people, he said he was going to do it, and then he did it. Two very different approaches end up with the same result, but I think that there are certain people who are fans of Binance who aren't fans of Kraken and vice versa, and that's where you get it. But then you look at something like Bitmex, which I would say their reputation is across the board. Some people think they're great, they got tons of liquidity, all this stuff, and some people think, oh my God, I can't believe these guys are providing all of this leverage and stuff in the ecosystem, but they've got some of the best research.  And he's he's incredibly compelling and he can drill down on absolutely any subject in about 30 seconds like very few people I've ever met But their research is phenomenal. I love that one of the things I love asking Basically any company that can gather data is can you give me some of that data to pitch out because reporters love it It's a gold mine for them. It lets them create whatever narrative they want He gives them a resource something objective or semi objective they can work with and bit max is one of the best research departments  It's not just my opinion, but something based in fact. And where do you see kind of the maybe the types of companies that haven't been coming forward, right? So like the way I envision you tell me if I'm wrong is like 2017 was this huge boom in ICOs and just a lot of nonsense, right? There were also some good companies being built, but for the majority of the enterprises or projects, they were just nonsense. There's a lot of money flying around and then just  So we turned down a little over 1,000 companies last year because that's how much was going on the ICO space in 2018 2018 Wow. Yes, but 2017 I couldn't even tell you I don't think we had an apparatus at the time to figure that out but 2018 a little over 1,000 companies What we're seeing this year on average is that the average company is simply much better the potential new business prospect They're more compelling more professional more interesting and that's in part because people have been in the space for longer you got to remember in  It's pretty big. It's great. And then in 2017 it went from $17 billion to almost $800 billion, which is just comical. Like did you hear that? From $17 billion to $800 billion market cap is insane in a