 Alright guys, bang bang. I'm here with Chris. Dude, thank you so much for coming. This is gonna be fun. Thanks for having me. Alright, you had a life prior to your work at the Ohio government. What were you doing? Sure, so I guess real quick backstory on me is born in Atlanta, Georgia, so a big college football fan.  But so went to Miami University. I've always kind of, you know, I guess I'm a pretty big nerd and geek. So I'm always been into like history and government. So while I was at Miami, that was kind of like what I went deep into. Big fan of that stuff. So I actually, my first job out of college moved to Washington, DC, worked on Capitol Hill for a couple of years. What does that mean? So I worked for a member of Congress. That was, you know, first job out of college. So like 22 years old, nothing important, but you work in a museum.  vote and the whole kind of democratic process to some degree. But there's a bunch of support staff, right? And so like it would be literally impossible, let's say for a congressman to read every single piece of paper to kind of take every meeting, etc. Like walk us through like, how does the the staff of a congressman help right? Or what's that day to day look like? Yeah. And so that's a great question. What's wild about that is most staffers from members of Congress, especially in the House of Representatives, they're in their  If you walk through the halls, I mean you think like it's college intern season and that's and that's what's wild because it's super interesting to your point of like They're the ones that are helping these members of Congress and you know Yeah, some members of Congress have been there for years know what's going on But for the most part especially if they're a freshman or kind of in that, you know second or third or fourth year They're not experts on it So they rely on staff and when they're relying on staff and those guys are 20 years old It's kind of scary when you think about it. I mean it really is Thank God for checks and balances  could have everyone under 30 years old. And if that member of Congress is again in their first term, they're a freshman, maybe they were like a doctor, they were a business person before, they don't really know how Washington works. So they're relying on an entire set of staff to help guide the way. And that's why lobbying has such a huge influence on what goes on in Washington because really those are the folks that have been around for decades, kind of know what the different fights are like and they're the ones that can help walk people through it. So that's, if you kind of think of why is Washington broken, a big part of it is staff don't get paid enough  feedback to the congressional representative. I'm assuming that's few and far between it happens, but probably not as often as people think. Uh, but is it just a lot of like reading legislation and kind of like talking or, or what's that day to day? So most of it's really meeting with your constituents. Okay. So, um, you know, in Congress, the leadership, they're the ones that really run the show. So probably 95% of members of Congress, but again, in the house, the Senate's different. There's only a hundred of them. So they all can go get a microphone and that's where a ton of the influences is just from  So seriously now get a lot of people do good work But it is much more like veep than it is House of Cards or the West Wing Did you see that the new Ukrainian president is oh yeah the best-known comedian? Yeah, right. My theory is that comedians are just people who tell the truth, right? Right people really appreciate that you're seeing it not just in Ukraine. It's all over So it's it's definitely a wild time for sure. Well, it's also this element of like You know the person who controls the meme controls the message. Yeah  a lot of, you know, most people aren't great at it. And that's why you see, you know, AOC, a freshman Democrat from New York city who doesn't have a huge, you know, she's not the chairman of a committee. She's not in charge of really anything, but she has millions of followers because she's figured out a way to kind of hack the system and stand out from everyone else. And you know, kudos to her for that. Absolutely. No, it makes a lot of sense. All right. So let's talk about technology in Washington and kind of especially the halls of Congress and the house representatives. Uh, what the hell is going on?  more and more realizing the importance of what they need to do to stand out in Washington. Because what happens is, if you're Facebook, you're CEO Mark Zuckerberg, he gets called in front of Congress to go testify. And no one wants to do that. That wastes time to fly across the country. He's got to prepare for it and he could look, he could get totally embarrassed. So the tech companies are spending a ton of money on lobbying and they're figuring out a way to share their message and make sure they're kind of shaping the narrative and getting their information out there.  And I'm guessing that a lot of that is the higher tech type stuff the big pharma You know all the things that people kind of hear about Washington that makes a lot of sense When you do the reverse right because I know that a lot of representatives do go back to their actual kind of geographies What is that is that like more like town hall type stuff or the staffers involved in that? What was that kind of a great question? It completely varies from that of Congress to member of Congress and and honestly a probably a lot of it is what type of district they represent  in a big tech company, whether you're running a political campaign or whether you're an official member of Congress, because if someone is hijacking your story, you've just lost all control. And right now, as we've seen, Democrats just took over the House, Republicans kept the Senate, but there isn't a lot of reason for most members of Congress, if they're kind of in a swing district, they have to be very careful what they do and how they do it. So there's a ton of thought and energy put into how they're going to best communicate it, but then also protect themselves,  Honestly, it's probably like New York. It's probably like, you know, the Bay Area where no, not many people are from DC. And so that was awesome where everyone's there kind of for the same reason, you know, it's like Hollywood for ugly people where you go to Hollywood for like show business. You go to Washington because you like government and politics. And so it was awesome. You meet friends from literally all over the country. Um, you kind of, I lived with three great buddies of mine, the house next or the townhouse next doors and other four guys that were great friends. Um, but I grew up in,  Are your your skill sets don't exactly match so I didn't want to necessarily get somebody stuck there So I was like, you know what? It's kind of the right time. I had a couple sisters, you know, I live in Columbus now I had a couple sisters at the time at Ohio State. It kind of just made sense. I had a job offer I just went with it got it. And and when you moved to Columbus, what do you do? So I moved to Columbus Still kind of working in government politics. I worked at the Ohio treasurer's office Under the former treasurer Josh Mandel. He's a young guy at the time. He was like in his  really cool first of their kind initiatives that I don't think any treasures before had done anything like that, none after. And it's such a important office. I mean, we collect, protect and invest to say it's tax dollars. So I think we collected last fiscal year 62 and a half billion, protected 224 billion, and then invested, I think it was 22 and a half billion. All right, so this is important. Let's, before we get into exactly what you guys were doing at Ohio, let's talk about just the state treasurer's office in any state. You just said that you collect  simplified version, send that out to the different state agencies and whatnot, or put those in different investment accounts, so then we could pay the bills, we could build the roads, we could do whatever needed to be done just to operate the state if you think of it like a company. And so that's, the collect, protect and invest, that's the core, what you have to do every day. If you screw up, you can't do anything else, because you have to do those things correctly. Outside of that is where we're able to do these other interesting things with some transparency,  the treasure, he's the directly accountable to the people and it was up to him to make sure that he was the custodian of them. We kind of oversaw and make sure that choosing some of the banks we worked with and making sure that the retirees have their money. Makes sense. And then investing? Yep. So there's a couple different state investment portfolios. We had an investment team in house. Now it's state tax dollars. You can't do anything crazy. So it's really conservative type stuff, bonds, those types of things. But we had a full time deal.  the  do that, but we designed this website in a way that you didn't have to be a PhD. You didn't have to be a computer scientist. You didn't have to have a CPA in order to look and search. You could go on at a Google style search bar, interactive charts and graphs would go back 10 plus years and you could, you know, type in Walt Disney world, see if there was some type of government official that went to Walt Disney world for a conference. It would show up how much the date it was, who spent it, you know, all the information you need. So as a citizen or an investigative journalist,  to  I want the state legislature to acquire me, Josh Mandel's the state treasurer of Ohio to pass a law. So I have to do this. And so he's just talking about it in theory and public and you know, people are, Oh sure. We're happy about it. This is a great idea, but nothing was really happening. Um, people across the state really love the idea, but typical kind of some politicians, bureaucrats, they didn't really love it. And so as he was going around trying to build support, we were just building this thing.  organization is abusing public funds or doing something nefarious or being a good actor, right? Kind of the whole spectrum. It simply gave the tools for anyone else who wanted to look and it's almost like there's confidence and security and transparency. If I know that I can go look, then I am much more likely to feel comfortable than if I can. Absolutely. And so any like really visceral reactions from folks? Privately, yeah. People were not happy.  through all these crazy steps to do it. And second is, if you think about like the democratization of finance and money, I mean this belongs to the people. This doesn't belong to bureaucrats. They're entrusted with it. But people should know how to do it. And people should also have confidence in being able to search it and again, not have to be some type of computer expert to go online. And there's this interesting report that we kind of resulted in it. And originally, Ohio was 46th in the country for government transparency. And so we kind of used this report  It obviously when I first met Josh and one super impressive right to the just the way that it kind of came together in the launch and everything there's an element of irony in like Building a transparency tool in secret. Yeah, right But but but obviously for good reason and I think that the part when you go to the website that is Just kind of blows people's minds. It's like hey, this is a good website that is actually intuitive that actually has a great user experience  about that. Yeah, so Ohio Crypto.com that was kind of our, you know, Josh, he was a treasurer for eight years, and we had probably four or five different first of their kind initiatives. Ohio Crypto.com was definitely the last and I would say, in a lot of ways, perhaps the most successful. So we had probably, we started building Ohio Crypto.com in 2018. You know, so less than a year ago at this point. But what's interesting, you know, being kind of on the finance side, I remember  Ohio one we can give taxpayers another option to which they can pay their taxes But two and in some ways more importantly long term We're able to plant a flag and show that Ohio is open for innovation I was open and friendly to innovators and entrepreneurs that are doing interesting things like cryptocurrency That are in the Bitcoin space. They're just doing things that you know, we're Ohio We don't we're not Silicon Valley. We're not Austin, Texas We're not New York City. So we have to think and do things a little bit differently and  It's really fascinating as we're building this, you know, the first thing you do when you attempt something, you kind of look around like, well, who's done this before? And we found there was a couple towns in Switzerland. We called them up. They didn't really speak English. So it was kind of starting from scratch. And so we just kind of had to chip away every single day and figure out what we're going to do. And, you know, as we were starting it, you know, there may have been like 12 steps to begin. And Josh, who's always harping, like, no, we got to make this as simple and easy and intuitive as possible. So yeah, you're absolutely right.  and  Taking shots left and right and so we're building this thing But then also expecting for that to come and so we do it and then we just start talking to people We talk to journalists. We talk to people in the space. We talk to business leaders We talk to everyone about it and we build out communications methods so we can tell people you know for folks in the space You know, we're telling them the same Genesis and the same information but information that they specifically would like as we're explaining it to business leaders Hey that you can pay your taxes and this is how  People were just resoundingly positive about it. And that was so cool to see. Yeah. It, um, I think that it's something where, uh, Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies get, uh, some positive attention, some negative attention, right? The volatility, you know, all this retail investing, all this stuff. Uh, when you tie it to, Hey, you're a government official organization and this is going to help us collect more taxes. And then we can use those funds to maybe fund things you want to do. Right. All of a sudden, like there's like a personal interest  of get to like really run with it as much as we would have liked, but we had 10 businesses, I believe register for it. We had two while we were in those couple of weeks pay for it. So the first person was a man named Bernie Marino. Um, he's a big business leader in Cleveland. He's actually in charge of the block land initiative. Um, he was the first person in America to pay his taxes. The second one, and this was also fascinating and I think shows the potential, um, is overstock.com became the first fortune 1000 company to pay their taxes. They do a ton of stuff with cryptocurrency.  between. And so to kind of get that, you know, again, it was only two small sample size for the short amount of time we had. But that was really rewarding and really cool to kind of help move the conversation and help show it. I remember my parents when they saw the for the overstock.com announcement, they called up and they're like, what's this crypto, you know, and I kind of explained to them, they're like, oh, that's really interesting. That's a cool thing you guys worked on. Yeah, look, I've met Bernie and then I've said, everyone knows overstock. And I think that it's this element of it probably is not the most prudent financial  especially in Washington, there's so much negativity and just problems there. And that's a whole another conversation. But, you know, if you think about states or the laboratories for democracy, hopefully states like Ohio as a leader can help move that ball forward. And also because, you know, we, sure what we did was fine and great, but if no one's second, if no one's third, if no one's fourth and others don't adopt it, what we did doesn't really matter. So that's the big thing is getting those people next and who's next to kind of move that ball because the regulatory  here in America as opposed to taking it outside the borders and giving them a reason to do so. Yeah, makes a big sense. All right, so you guys left in mid-July, I think, right? Mid-January. Oh, I'm sorry, mid-January. And when you did that, obviously tax season kind of follows that, right? So it remains to be seen kind of how many businesses, et cetera, have utilized the product. But I think everyone, especially in the crypto community, was highly impressed and frankly appreciative, right? That, hey, look, somebody got this across  trying to understand it. And so, you know, not to jump ahead, but the kind of what I do now is help some of these companies move the conversation, move the ball, whether it's communications or, you know, building out some messaging or branding strategies, because that's such an important thing for anyone in the space is, you know, it's great to kind of talk to the same people and do the same things, but for the technology to move forward, it's, it's how do you find others outside of the, you know, the, the small, you know, bubble so you can sell to those people so you can get them to adopt it, whether that's, you know,  We were term limited out. So I was figuring out what to do next and I decided to launch a consulting company It's called the green block group green block group comm with my business partner Ari Lewis Ari's been in this in the crypto space for years and He's actually someone who I met because he was a consultant that we brought on for Ohio crypto calm So I met him build it he helped build it because in the office We had a ton of financial professionals tons of you know IT engineers that could actually build this back end But we didn't really have anyone that was a champion  marketing and the branding the media the government and so what we figured is well what if we kind of offer a more holistic set of experiences where instead of someone just hiring a PR firm or someone just hiring like an implementation kind of expert you can take our collective experience and hopefully Provide a much better service to our partners makes sense Before I wrap up. Yep. It was asked rapid fire questions I'm gonna skip some of the crypto questions and let you off the hook  every Christmas, every holiday season, I get a new book from John Gershom that my mom gives me and writes a little note in it. So it's like a tradition, so it's, I love reading, I'm in the middle of one right now, so I'll go with that. I have never read a John Gershom book, but I obviously know who it is, and there's a lot of them. There's a ton. So you've got a couple of Christmas. Yeah, I've been getting a lot of years, yeah, for sure. Absolutely. All right, and then Aliens, believer, non-believer?  What does this immediately mean? I have no idea what it means. Are we going there? I don't know. And if we go to the black hole, what happens? I have no idea. Have you seen the photo of the two galaxies colliding? No. That's a little scary. I gotta say it. This stuff is too big for me to wrap my head around, so I'll just go with no aliens. All right. And then what about the ocean? Any desire to go to the depths of the ocean? Everyone wants to always go to space, but no depths of the ocean. No.  Okay, that's just kind of like kind of like yeah, like like I want to get in a little wet But I don't want to be too soggy. Yeah, and you also like I you know, you gotta like dump them in but then like have a spoon so then you're not like No way. No, you put wait you dunk them in you throw them in you can uh-huh instead of like dipping them with your hands where you like don't just Throw it in let it sit there for a couple seconds and then like grab a spoon and like take it out man You're the second person that is but the other person  One question you got from me.  hey, we'll send up to five representatives to a single industry or vertical. But like some of them should go figure out, you know, like, how does autonomous driving work? How does actual artificial intelligence work? How does robotics work? How does computer vision work? Right? I mean, just like all these different technologies, including Bitcoin and crypto, I think that having leaders at the government at the national government level that has  way to look at it. And so it's less about like, what do they know? And it's more about just like, it's very obvious that a lot of them are unfamiliar with the ground truth with the innovative technologies. And the decisions they make today, unfortunately, because of the bureaucracy, because of the lead time needed for a lot of the implementations of their decisions, those technologies will actually impact what they decide today, five, 10 years from now. And so it just feels like if they're blind to the tech, then probably should  Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, I appreciate so much your time. Thank you