 Thanks for having me.  out of that into MySpace when News Corp had acquired MySpace and MySpace was having challenges and Facebook was obviously coming up strong. So at that point, I was an active angel investor in Los Angeles, I had advised and mentored and invested in quite a few different very early stage startups, was running MySpace and at the conclusion of that, then I started science with a handful of partners. Got it. So let's go back to AOL real quick because this is during kind of the early days of the internet, AOL is on an absolute tear.  built a distributed communication platform that reached hundreds of millions of users and they liked this object-oriented web development where we had little components of our technology on lots of different websites touching millions of users and AOL started seeing that they really wanted to be big in web, and versus just relying completely on their dial-up and their client traffic. So they bought my company, they bought a company called Weblogs, and they began an acquisition spree really driven by their CEO at the time named John Miller to kind of expand into the web business.  But I think that there's a lot of important lessons in there, right? Because MySpace ultimately was a successful business for a period of time. What was kind of the things that drove the positive side or the growth of that company? So if you think about the time when MySpace launched, it was right on the back of Friendster. And Friendster was one of the first social networks. And one way I think about it is that everything was kind of a magnitude of 10 in social networks. So if you assume that six degrees, which is one of the first social networks, maybe reach a million users, Friendster  a real social graph, right? They had to build your internet identity. So people would say, I use MySpace to connect with my internet friends. Like it was never my true friends. It was always this parallel shadow of yourself that was representative through MySpace. You know, there was this early stage mistake that was written into the code by a guy named Gabe Harriman where you could manipulate the HTML. And suddenly people started personalizing their pages and customizing all their identity through MySpace. So once again, it became kind of your aspirational self. It wasn't really your  you know, what the company had grown was it was a big company, but it was never quite in the position to do a full restart saying, well, we're not about your internet friends. We're not about your fun customized profiles. We're actually about your real identity and your real people that really just wasn't going to happen. Absolutely. And do you think that part of this was, um, my space was successful in capturing the market, uh, that was available for what the product was built to do? Yeah. And then Facebook figured out, Hey, there's just a bigger market for a different, uh, different type of product.  Obviously there's you know press Pressure and all that kind of stuff like is there like it's Facebook rating the myspace Talent and trying to say hey you guys know stuff about social networks, or did you guys feel like? Yeah, it was fairly Separate in terms of the the types of people or just talk about the talent we didn't have a lot of talent crossover I mean myspace was headquartered in Los Angeles, but we did have global operations They might have picked up some of our global people the core la team was not  because we're out there floating hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue and insertion orders with big major brands. And suddenly they're like, whoa, how'd that happen so fast? And then suddenly we're on our heels. And so, if you ever get the, if you're a student of business like I am and curious about so many different things in technology, there's no better experience than walking into a massively distressed company because it really challenges you as an athlete on how you can really navigate your way through this.  experience kind of pushes you forward into what is today science. And you guys have built a couple of pretty notable companies there. What was the original thought process behind science? Was it just hey let's go invest in companies? Was it full on incubation? How were you guys thinking about it as you started it?  of you perspective, we sit on a lot of failure. I mean, you know, when you're, when you're talking about venture capital, I'm like, well, they're great returns for certain funds, but eight out of 10 startups fail. That's a really bad statistic. And my belief was that, um, that if we had a group of operators, you know, that sat in, uh, co-mingled with the startups that we could reduce that failure rate. Maybe we could get in front of that problem, get in front of those problems and really, you know, handhold or help train or help accessorize the talent of these startups to become more successful. And so that was the principle behind science.  general strategic direction of the firm. And at that point, I was very passionate about not being in the ad-based business. And if you can imagine coming off the back of MySpace and worrying about daily banner ads served and CPMs and big insertion orders, I just didn't want to do that. It was just mind-numbing for me at that point. And so I said, look, I want to sell stuff with a credit card. I don't want to worry about retention. I just want to worry about happy customers. And so when we originally opened our doors, we focused really on two sectors, direct to consumer commerce,  services. And so the two big companies that came out of the strategy were was Dollar Shave Club and then Dog Vacay. So let's talk about those. I want to talk about the big ones first. Dollar Shave Club, for example, your guys idea, somebody else's idea. How does that all come together? And then, you know, once you guys decide, OK, we think that this can be big, kind of what are those first steps? So, yeah, it was it was definitely not our idea. We we were looking at different CPG startups from founders, obviously evaluating  to have cut this really fantastic video.  part of science. He came in, we made investment, we joined the board, we became both his incubation partner and his investment partner. And he moved into our offices along with a handful of other direct consumer startups at the time, including like MeUndies, which became another big brand for us. And so at what point do you say along that journey, man, we hit this is going to be a billion plus company. Is it you're looking at the data every day and you kind of just know, look, it's trending well, or is there like a big  aren't quite seeing it. With Dollar Shave Club, certainly you saw that the audience broke out with that video. Certainly we saw that the conversion retention data was kind of industry leading. But also what we saw was an incredible CEO that really rose up to that challenge, attracted incredible talent around him, built an early stage team that was just like one of the best early stage teams. And all those things came together and we obviously ended up with a lot of conviction on that business.  office one day and he showed us this this dating app that that had swiping not to Tinder. Meanwhile, literally within that same week, this old friend of mine named Sean Rad showed me this dating app that was Tinder. And when I first saw the non Tinder dating app and because I had in my private equity days, you know, I had worked with a firm and acquired a big dating network and then we subsequently sold it to Match.  Maybe they were pranking me. I mean, it just felt like a weird cosmic commencement. So without understanding the gravity of either of these two companies, we back non-Tinder because obviously Tinder was already backed by IC. Within a week of us backing it, the developer takes the app off the app store and initiates a lawsuit against the founder who we had backed. Turns out the founder without us really fully knowing was in this  and  service. It was before Blue Apron had launched. We had on subscription, it quickly jumped to like a quarter million a month in sales, like kind of the fastest we had seen. We hated dealing with cold chain. Our team just hated dealing with, you know, dicing raw chicken and figuring out how to basically put into a box. We brought in a very senior founder who was an older executive that came out of a very successful e-commerce company. The first thing he did was remove the subscription concept. He was like,  missed out on a major opportunity, right? So again, it was another weird moment in time that us along with multiple other startups kind of launched the same thing at the same time. One maneuver in our business model essentially killed the concept. Yeah. So let's move to crypto now, right? You guys have science blockchain, similar team, similar structure as the non-blockchains of the business? Yeah, somewhat. We did a security token ICO.  this piece of technology, what kind of initially got you guys interested? Well, so we originally got very interested in 2013 and 14. And so we had set up a lightweight mining operation. We were actually about to launch our own exchange, but similar to a lot of people at that time, because we're funded by institutional investors, I got very nervous over the legality of what we were dealing with. And so we kind of put everything on pause. In late 2016, there's a network of crypto enthusiasts out of LA.  at blockchain broadly, I felt that although everybody and their mother has a concept of some token ICO, 95% of it is incentivizing users to do stuff, which is almost like the most boring and obvious concept around blockchain. We looked at things that we thought were, I have an original strategy map that we built early 2017 that still just holds true. We certainly fintech, fine. Let's just assume obviously that's logical. Second was security is fine.  and owning that piece of me, but I do want that piece of me to exist someplace where it has some level of control and encryption and permission-based systems. And so we found these areas where we thought it was logical to build, and then we found founders and startups that were building those areas. Got it. And when you look out across the landscape right now, where do you think we are in terms of, not anyone wants to say cycles, but just, you know, it feels like there's a lot of talent rushing in. It feels like there's a lot of experimentation going on. I think on the infrastructure  People trying but we haven't really seen a a breakout company Application etc. Is that what you guys are seeing or do you guys look at it differently than just kind of centralized decentralized? So yeah, I think your assessments correct and the way I kind of framed it up is imagine if we Imagine if you know, I've been meaning to spend a lot of time to look at the early days of the stock exchange But it's almost like the stock exchange and all the supporting financial infrastructure around the stock exchange was suddenly built But there's no really good companies to put on the exchange  like actually building and using whatever chain they're gonna be on. One of the reasons why I think this pickle we're in right now, which is basically that finance and finance infrastructure and capital is so far ahead of development is a direct result of 2017 in the ICOs, which is that people with bad concepts and people with great concepts all were essentially overfunded. And they were overfunded also without any governance  market on whatever chain they're supporting. But for the most part, I think a lot of these projects are very stagnant. Yeah. And, you know, I come out of the kind of growth, the metrics, et cetera, world. You know, I was having worked at Facebook so we can know what we'll talk about the myspace Facebook stuff later. But but I think that, you know, the people who figured out how to be data driven, high levels of iteration or frequent levels of iteration in a centralized world  I think that focusing on and very similar to the philosophy that you experienced inside Facebook, obviously with our equity driven startups, everything looks like a live hedge fund. They're trading and they're marketing and their performance and all their apps are monitored on a live basis. They have the religion of data. Beautiful. On the crypto side, I wish we were at that point, but I don't think we are because that's also predicated on general adoption of this tech.  I just want big breakthrough deals just to start getting volume on these networks, which is what people really need. Absolutely. And part of this is you need some technology. It doesn't have to be the best technology, but it needs some technology. They need the validation and trust, whether that comes through corporations, that comes through time, right? There's a whole bunch of ways you can get that. Yeah. And then you get the usage and can kind of get into the data. Because part of this is you can't really do a lot of the powerful data driven decision making and iteration unless  massive corporate client that wants to onboard. I don't even think we're at that point. Yep. Yeah. I think that's completely fair. What do you think about Bitcoin itself? Right. So obviously there's a bunch of company building that's going on. Yeah. Bitcoin may be the most obvious, most simple, you know, quote unquote company being built right in front of our eyes. And yeah, it's almost too easy, right? It feels like people kind of overlook it and they're like, Oh, what about all the other shiny stuff? How do you guys look at it? So there's a,  Brand from a crypto perspective. It is probably the only mass recognized brand that exists today in crypto It may not be the best someone may have a faster transit mechanism and have a better chain with additional features But for the general person if they're gonna enter into crypto I still think they're probably gonna enter into Bitcoin and if a normal place is going to God forbid actually accept a payment system in crypto They're probably gonna start with Bitcoin. It doesn't mean that bitcoins best. I just think that that brand  Front yeah, right and so you kind of go through a bunch of these now flip side go social networks search engines, etc Yep technology world actually the first one hasn't won true, right? And so I don't want to say that it's binary in terms of oh tech industry operates one way another industry operate the other way Yeah, but with Bitcoin around this like human psychology this brand awareness is one component and then two is also by being first it was able to Grab a lion's share of the computing power true, right? That's right. And that's like the network lock-in. Yeah, that's right  You know other other raw minerals could have been a competitor to gold But at some point when gold was recognized as the default currency or the default standard of trade suddenly that lasted what hundreds I mean, I don't know if that's out five thousand years, right? And so it's not that it's the best right and so I definitely agree Bitcoin has a substantial advantage because of the miners and because of the amount of network lock in the tap and the amount of Capital that's poured into it, but I think from a consumer perspective it would take something very  If you look at Bitcoin as purely a payment mechanism or a store of value, like I shouldn't have a feeling about it. It's a utility, right? Now, with that stated, Google certainly is a utility and certainly broke apart from Yahoo and the other search engines at the time that almost felt a little bit more like entertainment. So if Bitcoin stays in utility bucket, they probably have a lot longer lasting power than we expect. Yeah, look, I I'm fascinated by the narrative that Bitcoin could become money store value global reserve currency, all this stuff.  and  I like the Venezuela example. I think that you could use, you could swap all those terms for China too. So, you know, there's a lot of there, there's substantial restrictions on Chinese people moving their money into other currencies. Um, and I have a feeling that, uh, let's just say like, I've talked to enough people to believe that, that if you're in China, you're feeling very happy about being able to move your money into crypto more so than keeping it within your local currency. And it's almost easier than going into other international currencies.  is because frankly it's been depressed because it doesn't have kind of consolidated push. On the flip side, the companies right now that do have clear management teams on top of their token or their platform, I'm not sure they're clearly telling the audience what it's for. And I spent a lot of time with these CEOs of all the major tokens and I often leave the conversation feeling like I'm really unclear what they want this thing to be. So on one hand, I'm kind of happy that no one's telling me what Bitcoin wants it to be  and  and  ATM card, we're going to dynamically be selling your position in those products to basically get your capital available to pay for your restaurant bill that night. And so I like this bleeding where you're combining the performance-oriented brokerage with your kind of cash account. And I think that banks have a lot of financial incentive right now to keep those two things separate because you can then charge a lot of fees on both and then banks can arbitrage your checking account balance or your savings account balance into their own debt products.  for you in a different way and do it through tokenized securities. I love that view as well. I worry that the US financial system is highly motivated not to allow that view to happen. And I don't really want to, it's hard to bet against that US financial system. And the third piece of your argument, which I definitely agree is that where you have countries where for instance, they didn't have land lines and they jumped right to cell phones. That was a incredible leapfrog moment on infrastructure for those countries. When you have countries like Kenya, where they typically didn't have typical banking and credit card infrastructure.