 Alright guys, I'm super excited. I've got Ken here. We've got a lot to get through, but our goal today is we want to create the single source of truth for all things tokenization. So whenever somebody asks you, what is tokenization, why is it important, you can send them this one podcast episode. So tall task, no pressure Ken. Thank you so much Anthony for having me. Absolutely. Alright, so real quick, just so people have perspective, how did you get  And in the course of that, seeing very well that these tokens, a lot of them are gonna be deemed to be securities, meaning you gotta find a compliant way for everyday people to participate in own tokens, and that's why we launched Republic Crypto. Got it, and so let's talk about the securities law stuff first, right? So what were you doing there? What was the things that interested you on the security side, kind of pre-crypto, right? Because now a lot of that's a super applicable.  about navigating the murky landscape, going far enough to be ahead of the game, but not overstepping so that you end up in federal prison. It's a delicate dance, so I think law is always gonna be a key part of FinTech, but in crypto it has already been a major component. Absolutely, that makes a complete sense. And so you go from securities law into the finance side, right? So maybe talk a little bit about what type of financial organizations there? You mean? For you.  the syndication model, and so we applied the same thing. We nudged the boundary a little bit there on broker-dealer investment advisory law, and then we left when the law changed to allow retail investors to invest in early stage companies.  block, a venture hack. And then over time, I think they saw an opportunity that once you build an ecosystem of entrepreneurs and investor, then you can facilitate investment. The moment that you do that, the moment that you monetize on investment activities, then regulations kick in. And so they hire me as their first general counsel when they first launch the syndicate product matching investors to underlying startups. Absolutely. And so  even if you're a very high net worth person here in Wall Street or in Alaska, you didn't have access to deals and you didn't really care or know how to vet early stage startups. So by establishing a platform that a lot more high net worth individuals now can finance projects, it increased the pool of capital and it necessarily led to a much wider field of entrepreneurs who got funded since 2013, 14. Absolutely.  unprecedented because it's so cheap. The simplicity of fractionalizing something and the automated impact of basically remove the administrative cost out of it. So I would say liquidity and fractionalization are two elements that you add on to traditional financing. And those two key elements alone, in my opinion, would generate, I don't even know how many hundreds of billions, if not trillions of value once you disintermediate the middleman that I put  You know if you allow me Anthony to just backtrack a one little bit because the reason why Congress passed this law that allow everyone to invest Doesn't matter if you're a millionaire or not. They didn't consider crypto of course at the time But the purpose behind that was actually realized by the wave of ICO unbeknownst to Congress So the reason why they open up they changed the law to allow everyone to invest was that the number or the type of entrepreneurs they got  What has been the biggest wealth generation event until crypto? So we lobby Congress and then they change the law to allow for minimal small participation so that even a teacher in Alaska can invest $50 in the next Uber and that $50 if Uber does really well can be more than a million dollars worth in value. And this regulation was called what? The Jobs Act, Title III, or regulation crowdfunding.  compliant and possible. So really what people are doing is they're taking a law that exists on the books and they're interpreting it in a new way based on technology that was not available when the law actually passed. Or another way to look at it is that now there's a framework, there's a legal framework that does allow for everyone to participate, does allow for open participation, but you have to operate within this legal framework because otherwise the legal risk, not just from the SEC, you know, cramming down, is from potential investors  to get operations off the ground, and so we need to raise some capital. What are our options today? So first you gotta form a company, either a limited liability company or a true corporation. It's essentially just a legal entity. And pretty cheap, pretty fast. Pretty cheap, pretty fast. An LLC can be formed in like less than 48 hours, couple hundred bucks. Same thing for a corporation. What you do with that entity, how you're gonna fundraise,  family that hey, I'm building this business, it's gonna be really profitable, why don't you lend me some money and I'll pay you back. Another way, lending money and paying you back is just fixed income, right? So over a period of time, you get back 10%, 12% interest every single year. Not super interesting. Or you can tell you- And it's hard to do because most friends and family aren't used to lending to businesses. Correct, and they may not have the capital to lend. For example, if you lend someone  makes it big and then your 500 bucks is now gonna be 50,000. That's the equity sales for people to participate. VC essentially fits into the ladder framework.  If you are raising from people who you don't know and don't know well You can only raise from so-called accredited investors that mean institutions that means loosely defying people who are millionaires, okay, so so pre jobs act you can only raise money from accredited investors and This is something that's available. This is something that is across the United States across the world What does everyone use as accreditation? Talk me through kind of how this applies on global in much of the developed world  for sophistication or intelligence? Unfortunately, in the US, that's the case. And obviously in practice, that's not the case. Of course, I've said it before, there's a lot of dumb rich people, right? In fact, the United States, the only country among the developed world that doesn't have a sophistication standard based on how much you know rather than how much your net worth is. Oh, so interesting. So other countries have both a wealth criteria and a sophistication  a net worth of a million dollars or more. Got it. Okay. And so today if you and I have that construction company, we want to go raise capital. We've got Reg D, right? Regulation D, which is an exemption under the Jobs Act. Correct. Reg S, Reg A plus and Reg CF. So those are the four? Reg A plus and Reg CF are new legal frameworks since 2016, of course. Okay. But those are the four main ones. And so what a lot of people don't understand is when we talk about these regulations, these are  from retail public, non-accredits investor, or to raise money at all. You gotta be a registered company, meaning a public company, meaning going IPO. The cost of being a public company just to file the form is a couple million dollars at least, and a few more million dollars per year just to maintain it. And where does that money go? So everyone hears that registering or becoming public company is very expensive, but what are you paying money for? Legal fees, of course.  if you're one public company that is expensive and requires a lot of kind of higher degree difficulty things to remain public and compliant, et cetera, or you can leverage an exemption from being public to raise capital, and that's what we're talking about with Reg D, Reg S, A plus. Correct. So it's not just retail, non-accredited. If you want to raise money from the public, either you have to be fully registered or you have to fit one of the exemptions. Okay. Reg D, the first exemption says that if you just raising  I just go on television and say hey, I'm raising money do you you know call my cell phone if you want to put money in or how do I actually market now we're getting to a deeper level of legal nuances If you go on TV, yes, you can put on a billboard in the subway You know watch your children to go on TV and publicly announced to the world you fundraising But you have to verify that everyone you are taking in to the row taking money is truly accredited Okay, you have to look at their tax returns  kind of publicly solicit funds from people I don't know. I have to verify that they're accredited. But if I actually rely on personal relationships and it's from people that I know, I can simply ask in a kind of predetermined way, are you accredited? And if they tell me yes, that meets the barrier or that meets the criteria that I can rely on their self accreditation. Yes. So, and the threshold is pretty easy and this is a loose threshold, not a legal threshold.  business, but you have to take a few steps to make sure that your offering is not accessible by US investors and that you don't in fact have a US resident somehow investing in the round. So our construction company, we say actually we don't want US investors. We want to raise money from international investors. We're allowed to go do that without having to comply with US accreditation law if we ensure  we do have to make sure that we're compliant in the UK, or I'd say India and Singapore, correct? Correct. Okay. And you have to take that into account. Okay. Because you won't be in violation of US securities law, but you would be in violation of UK, India, Singapore's securities law. Absolutely. If you would, out in Singapore, pitching your offering to Singaporean residents, Singapore laws would apply. Okay. So in recap, Reg D, accredited investors in the US, pretty cut and dry, well understood. This is... Cheap to do.  So rec CF reggae plus going IPO at three ways that you can accept non accredited Money in the US. Okay, so IPO reggae plus and reg CF correct Okay, and I would the way that you should look at it is in terms of complexity and cost Okay So IPO probably a year or more to prepare for it and the cost is a couple million dollars all the way to like 15 20 million dollars to do just to do an IPO and then maintenance cost so an IPO really is  In crypto space, the time that it would take for the SEC to approve a Reg A plus application can be six months or eight months or more. In fact, today, there hasn't been a single approval by the SEC for the Reg A plus campaign. So a Reg A plus is a little bit less expensive, a little bit shorter timeframe, but it's still not the creation of an LLC, which a couple hundred bucks and 48 hours. We're talking six plus months and still hundreds of thousands, if not,  check size they rate? Yeah, so generally no. That is the, now in reality, the type of people would invest millions are generally all accredited. Yep, so you can go raise, I could raise up to 50 million dollars from unaccredited investors using Reg A plus and everyone could put in 10 dollars. Correct. Got it. How can I find these people? Can I go on television and promote it and billboards and put it all over the internet? Absolutely, absolutely.  It takes about two weeks to launch a campaign. It can be as cheap as three, four thousand dollars. But there's a limit. It's a pretty low limit. No company can raise more than a million dollars, 1.07 to be precise, per year. Okay, so if we've got our construction company and we need a couple hundred thousand dollars or a million dollars to get started, we can go. It takes us a couple of weeks, I'll say a month or less. We can spend less than five thousand dollars. We can raise money from accredited or unaccredited  So if you are a teacher making $100,000 a year at a private school, you cannot invest more than $10,000 in the Reg CF campaign. So you can only do up to 10% of your income into a single investment. Correct. And even you or Tim Draper cannot invest more than $100,000 per year in Reg CF opportunities. Oh, so me as an investor, total, even if I like 15 different Reg CFs, I can only put $100,000 into Reg CF offerings in totality for the year.  and you think that there's advantages there? Explain to me why are you so focused on that specific exception?  with you. Right now we have two offices, the headquarters in New York with a side office in San Francisco. Not very many people come here and say side office in San Francisco. Approximately 40 of us and we have a pretty balanced team. A lot of people from our team came from Angelus. In fact we deem Angelus to be an institutional co-founder. We're strong on technical and business but one unique differentiator  That is, the first 50 companies we launched, which is traditional startups, selling convertible notes, selling preferred shares. Now, since 2017 until now, given that most new tokens are deemed by the SEC to be securities, we open up the framework to allow people to either do a SAF, pre-sale, actual token distribution, even airdrops and bounty programs as securities offerings that have to meet  Trading but I have no doubt it will come by q1. What does the Regulation say is there a 12 month lockup a one month lockup? Three years. What does that lock look like till you can get to liquidity? Let me give go back to your rec D and rec CF Distinction and just focus on those two being the most relevant one for projects in the US if you issue Securities token or equity through a rec D a campaign then for one year  Everyone's talking about this and they're saying oh, you know the crypto currencies the bitcoins of the world, right? There's huge potential if it replaces, you know, the US dollars a global reserve currency, right? We've had Maraud on and just that there's huge potential there Then there's the ICOs and utility tokens which are kind of more access like tokens So it gets you onto a network it gets you some sort of you know value there but these tokenized securities there's hundreds of trillions of dollars of assets in the world and so if in fact everything becomes  is being entrepreneurships. Businesses like Ubers and Microsoft creating jobs around the world. Those companies today have been financed predominantly, exclusively by investment funds and by ultra, ultra high net worth banking. Professional investors. So those professional investors for the past 30 years have picked a few that they fit their liking. If you open it up for everyone, imagine money's basically energy.  will be so prosperous that we won't see extreme poverty anymore. So, highly controversial, right? What has to happen though, from where we are today, to get to what you just described? And I'll use the pain points of Republic in the first two years before crypto as a basis, as for my projection. Okay. So when we launched Republic in 2016, allowing everyone quote unquote to invest,  to your neighbor. You have to go through a very complex, complicated administrative process. Those two components are already being solved if things, if the whole process of fundraising is tokenized. If you invest, you know, using ETH, the transaction fee is so low compared to traditional finance making it possible. You can also circumvent jurisdictional cross-border limitations that exist with traditional banking system.  state portfolio and my piece is actually only $200 right it into the thousand minimum requirement of yesteryear it's so funny because the everyday consumer actually can know that something will be valuable before professional investors right because it solves their problem and so they're on the ground in terms of you know you talk to these investors like oh I saw somebody was using something and therefore I became interested  of fundraising.  Right one is that this actually isn't that important all it is is securitization And we've seen this before the technology is really not that interesting or that revolutionary. What do you say to that? This coming from the fund Asset management background most people aren't aware that well most people are aware of credit card companies Taking just a transaction fee being that middleman and building  And if you can help people transact at smaller dollar amounts, you're going to increase the flow of capital. That combination, an increased pool of liquidity, along with less cost and less inefficiency, naturally will give rise to, will be such a boost to the economy and to the world in a way that no other technology, in my opinion, has been able to deliver.  increase liquidity. It doesn't change what asset it is. And so is it true that it actually changes the liquidity? It doesn't change the money supply right off the bat. But net-net, when you make it possible for people to participate in small amounts, over time you're going to have a lot more engagement. It's kind of like voting. You can't just expect one day that you're like, hey, everyone can vote now that everyone goes to the ballot. But over the years,